as far as i know , a fully updated n1 will not have any exploitable vulnerabilities to allow you to root the device . most of the older " one click " and similar methods used things like gingerbreak , which were holes in android that eventually got patched . i have not seen a root exploit on vanilla android since gingerbreak . xda 's wiki has a couple of different options regarding the n1 which work but require unlocking the bootloader , and unlocking will perform a factory reset automatically . they can be found here and basically amount to : unlock the bootloader from fastboot mode with fastboot oem unlock flash a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod ) flash a zip file from recovery that will install su and superuser for you reboot
i found an app bookmark home which adds add bookmark to the share list . if you send a bookmark to it , it will be stored in the apps own storage , but there is an export option to save all of them in the browser bookmarks .
the amazon kindle store and the google android market are different stores . apps you buy in one store are not honored in the other store . you can install the amazon store on your nexus one pretty easily , so you will be able to use apps you buy on your fire on your nexus one . but going the other way is more trouble ( it currently requires you have rooted your kindle fire ) . see how can i get the android market installed on my kindle fire ?
because that website is providing an Invalid Certificate when opened . use chrome/firefox and add a security exception to open the page i.e. click on Continue anyway when prompted .
first confirm that your photos and videos are not in your sd card . to do that unmount and remove your sd card from the phone and try to use the camera and see your previous photos . if they are still coming up then the photos are stored in your phone internal memory . if the photos are not coming and shows any warning message something like " please insert sd card " then all your photos and videos are stored in sd card . i do not think so that the photos and videos are stored in internal memory as it is for system data not for user data there might be a different folder where it stores the pictures on your sd card .
connect the phone to your pc and choose as connection " disk drive " . selecting this connection mode is mandatory , otherwise you will not be able to implement the steps below . also remember that , by default , your pictures are located in the \DCIM\100Media folder on the internal storage . to move your photos and define a new storage location ( i.e. . the sd card ) proceed as follows : copy/paste the 100Media folder on the internal storage into the dcim folder on the sd card ( if no DCIM folder exists you can just create it ) . delete the 100Media folder from the internal storage . note that at this point there is no more 100Media folder on the internal storage , but there is one on the sd card . unplug the phone from your pc . note that the camera does not work when the phone is connected to pc in usb storage mode . open the camera application and try to take a picture . the dialog box " define storage location " pops up with the following question : " do you want switch to the memory card ? " select ok . then , the following message appears : " press the screen to activate the camera " . finally , the camera is on and you can take some pictures for a test . after making some pictures , reconnect the phone to your pc and check that the test pictures are stored on the sd card . have fun !
i have a htc desire and in my case non of the other answers worked . but i solved it in his way . do not go into the camera app settings . go into the general phone settings . the path is then . . . settings/storage here i was able to define the default writing media from internal to sdcard . this includes also the camera app . now my pictures can be saved either on the internal or the sd by default . you should also notice that the amount of pictures or the rest space changes . in the htc wildfire i had before this was done in the camera apps under settings . the thing with the move the folder and to the sdcard did not work . the phone just created the same folder again .
judging by your description , i believe your phone is the desire c . to set it to send pics to the actual sd card rather than the pseudo-sd card in internal memory , you had open the camera app , hit the menu and there should be a " storage " option you can set to " phone " or " storage card " .
i have ( or rather had , until a few minutes ago ) a desire c , with sd card , but photos storing on internal memory . unfortunatly , the previous suggestion is no option in desire c , as there is no " storage " option in the camera app . the phone should , but does apparantly not always , default to storing pictures on the sd card . what i did to try and solve this problem , i connected the phone to my pc as usb storage . ( this connection mode is important , otherwise you cannot do the following . ) my pictures where in the \dcim\100media folder on the internal storage . i did the following copy the 100media folder on the internal storage . paste it into the dcim folder on the sd card ( in my case there was a dcim folder , if not i would suggest you can just create it . i have not tried that ) . remove the 100media folder from the internal storage ( and keep it on the desktop , just in case ) . at this point is no 100media folder on the internal storage , but there is one on the sd card . unplug the phone from the pc , as camera does not work when connected to pc in usb storage mode . try to make a picture . actually the phone asked me : do you want to switch to sd ? happy to oblige . . . . it did apparently not create a new 100media folder in the internal storage , exactly as i had hoped it would not . after making some test pictures , i checked by connecting to pc again as usb storage , and voilà , the pictures where on the sd card now . looking back , i may have had a question on storage when i first inserted the sd card , but i do not remember . i might have , since i got this queston now . if i did i must have answered it incorrectly .
yup . if your contacts were successfully synced with your google account you can easily move them to your new phone using the same google account . any android phone from any company can be used to restore the accounts synced with your google account .
if you check this post and the answer by google employee : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=61ec816cf6ebd668hl=en , its known limitation rather than a security feature . the alternative as per this post by osky : http://www.google.ru/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=2f07884f917d86ebhl=en this is a known limitation . there are a couple of ways around it depending on what you seek to achieve : logon from your browser and select delete forever from the web app . don’t sync the deleted items label i’ve chosen the second option but on the other hand i very rarely delete and am not that affected by this curious lack of feature . thing is that trashed mails should be deleted after 30 days , and since i selected to only sync 4 days worth of garbage it should only be present in the cloud for 26 of those days . to sum it up , the trash function is flawed . if it’s a viable option for you , you can chose not to sync that label and messages that you delete from trash will not show up again on your phone . see eth@n from google comment on it in the referenced thread , looks like we can hope for the future : )
i know nothing about android development , so keep that in mind . following various instructions online , however , i was able to build the source and put it on my phone . perhaps someone who knows what they’re doing can come along and explain how it really should be done . until then… install and configure the android sdk . make sure you add the sdk tools to your path . i’m building this on linux , but if you know what you’re doing it should be possible to follow along on windows . you may need to run android and install various platform software for the build to work . i did this a while back , so i don’t remember exactly what i had to do . sorry . download the source code ( requires git ) : git clone https://github.com/WhisperSystems/TextSecure.git  enter the source directory and build the app . cd TextSecure android update project --name textsecure --path . --target android-7 ant release  cross your fingers . hopefully the build succeeds . if it does , we will need to sign the newly built . apk file , textsecure-unsigned.apk , before android will let you install it . running keytool will prompt you to enter a bunch of information , as well as a password . enter whatever you please , as it shouldn’t matter . copy the apk file , textsecure.apk , to the sdcard on your phone . install it like you would any other non-market application .
if your phone is rooted , you have the option of placing the key in a ' protected ' area in which any application requesting to access the file would need to be given root access by you . this provides very little protection in the case of an attacker gaining physical access to your phone . you can also create a key that requires a pass-phrase to be entered in order to unlock and use the key . you should consider spending four or five additional seconds in order to login to your server in order to protect your assets . as previously mentioned , android is moving towards full disk encryption , which will substantially increase security of the device in general .
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
this could be caused by a variety of reasons , the primary reason being an incompatible recovery , where the appropriate variables are not correctly set . try using another recovery ( example : twrp ) , and see if you are getting this error . a temporary solution for this would be : you could just open up the zip file , extract the meta-inf/com/google/android/updater-script file , and remove the getprop lines , which look like : getprop ( xyz ) == " xyzyxz" ) ; lines from it . these lines are usually in the beginning of the updater-script file . as you say that the rom is " for " your device , this should cause no problems . then , just drag-drop back the updater-script file , back into the zip . now , flashing would not be causing any problems . note that : use programs like 7-zip , or winrar , while extracting the updater-script file . use the notepad++ text-editor , or alternatives like geany , which support the linux eol formats .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
you are correct . the built-in browser is only updated when a full new rom is installed . if there is an exploit , the only thing to do is wait for a new version of the os to be released . alternatively , you can use a third-party browser such as opera or google chrome . those are installed as apps and can receive updates independently . as far as i know , there is no documented version history for the native browser . the best you could do is look at the git revision history for the browser .
rooting will add a few files to your system and will most likely remove the startup process that resets your recovery back to stock . the files it will usually add is the su binary , which is what will actually elevate your privileges , busybox , which will give you some basic command prompt commands , and a super user app , ( usually either superuser or supersu ) . most stock roms have a file that is run during the bootup process that will reflash the stock recovery on every boot ( for security ) . most rooting processes will remove/rename/change this file to prevent your custom recovery from being overwritten . most rooting processes have easy ways to unroot . but essentially , you would just remove the files that it added and then flash your stock recovery back on the device . many toolkits have an easy unroot option . as to how an app can use root . . . when an app attempts to use the su binary , superuser or supersu steps in and pops up a dialog asking you for permission to allow this app root access . you can approve or deny it and there is usually a checkbox asking if you want the superuser/supersu app to remember your choice . an app is not able to get elevated privileges without you approving it through the superuser/supersu app .
first , there is no such thing as a " full copy " of the system stored anywhere on the device , as it is with the windows recovery partition you describe . neither is there a " program which reinstalls the android operating system from scratch " stored on the device , so you could back that up ( installation is always done via rom-flashing , which takes care of itself ) . second thing is a chicken-and-egg problem : in order to create a partition-image backup , you will need root access -- so you cannot do that backup before your device is rooted ( and a custom recovery is in place to provide the necessary tools ) . but then you no longer can backup the original state , as that has been altered by the rooting process ( and custom recovery installation ) . so the only way to have the " real stock state " available is to download a stock image . however , the rooting process itself is reversible ( see the unrooting tag ) . and with a full stock installation archive ( including the recovery and everything ) , you should be able to restore the " pre-rooting " state . not having a samsung device , i can however not tell about any flash-counters which would let sammy know what " dirty work " you did in between . . .
you might want to check how frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible ? and a : although i was told to charge my android device before first use , it was already charged . ha… for this , which include corresponding hints . some basic stuff here , though : wikipedia holds a detailed article on lithium-ion batteries . for your question , the answer is mentioned there as follows : li+ batteries have a self-discharge rate of approximately 5–10% per month , compared to over 30% per month in common nickel metal hydride batteries , approximately 1.25% per month for low self-discharge nimh batteries and 10% per month in nickel-cadmium batteries . they last longer if not deeply discharged ( depleted ) before recharging . the smaller the depth of discharge , the longer the battery will last . batteries may last longer if not stored fully discharged . as the battery self-discharges over time , its voltage gradually reduces . when depleted below the low-voltage threshold of the protection circuit ( 2.4 to 2.9 v/cell , depending on chemistry ) it will be disabled and cannot be further discharged further until recharged . it is recommended to store batteries at 40% charge level . ( emphasis mine ) from that you can deduce : if the manufacturer behaved responsibly ( which we may assume ) , the battery was charged at about 40% when leaving the factory . assuming it took at least a month to get to you ( it was at store as well , so it should have taken that long or longer ) , and consider the fact you bought it 6 month ago , the battery was not charged for at least 7 months . self-discharge rate , according to the article , is 5-10% per month -- so your battery is pretty empty now , and most likely already about to enter the " dangerous level " of deep-discharge . conclusion : you should at least check it twice a year ( once every 6 month ) and make sure to charge it up to ~40 . . 50% when not using it .
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
sideloading ( usually seen as apply update from ADB ) is a form of adb push wherein the zip file , say ROM.zip , will automatically get flashed by the recovery once adb finishes copying it to the phone . the command you use on the pc is adb sideload &lt;file.zip&gt; chances are if you are using a stock recovery ( see if it says 3e at the top of the recovery screen ) , only official zips from the manufacturer will get through verification ; whereas third-party zips will stall at Installation aborted. but if you are using cwm ( or another custom recovery ) , you can pretty much sideload anything you want .
i got an answer , download sliderwidget and reduce the media volume . in short the media volume is controlling the volume of ussd pop up notification .
i also had this problem , but i solved it for myself . i just needed to change my cable , and it worked again . maybe you have a defective cable as well .
as far as i know , there are several apps on google play that will support several external cameras via usb , and i believe they allow for control of camera via android as well . just search for canon camera controller .
i have a similar question regarding the replay xd stunt cam , sadly the only response from the manufacturer was : update for case #1652 - " android phone as remote viewfinder " hello , yes as long as it accepts and hdmi ' in " signal . not all of them do . thanks , replay xd
as matthew already stated , there is no unique answer possible to your question -- all depends on your usage patterns . generally spoken , i would say moving app data should be preferred : if you move the dalvik cache , it would affect all your apps -- while moving the app data only affects apps which store some data ( and by " some " i mean " data size exceeds their dalvik-cache size" ) , so a good guess is it affects only a few apps . but this can very well be those apps you are using most , and which heavily access their data -- so it may or may not be the better choice in some cases . guess you have got to try . i would suggest starting with the app data . a class 10 card should provide sufficient speed -- so if the results are acceptable to you , stay with this . otherwise , go back and try with the dalvik cache . if this is not acceptable either , the only choice left is buying a new device with bigger internal storage . . .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
. nomedia is on or off , no way to exclude just certain file types . you might want to try including the album art in the music files ( it'll still show up in the music player ) and then copying them over , rather than adding the art to the folder on your phone .
have you tried Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; Gallery &gt; Clear data ?
i have a nexus s for t-mobile , and i have enjoyed it so far . there is only been one update for the nexus s so far , to 2.3.3 . i did not get it the first day , so i installed it myself . unless sprint turns it off , you should be able to tether . i can both over wifi and usb . i have never needed to root , and i am a rather advanced android user . you can unlock the bootloader without doing anything fancy on the nexus s . i truly enjoy having a clean phone . there are a few apps installed by google that i can not remove ( with root you can ) , but they do not bug me much . it does not have the load of crapware that most carriers apply , and it definitely does not have the various awful custom uis manufacturers feel they need to add . it runs fast for everything i do , including some light gaming ; i generally wait till i am at my pc to game , but it plays angry birds and robot unicorn attack just fine .
make sure you follow the tutorial exactly unless you know what you are doing ( well , unless you know what you are doing , you should not be attempting to install foreign system , like debian , over android ; the tutorial said it clearly : ) . make sure that the shell variables $kit and $mnt are defined and have the appropriate values ( if you follow the tutorial correctly , then $kit should have the value /system/sd and $mnt should have the value /data/local/mnt ) .
no . motorola really did a shitty job of patching the ics rom for the xoom2 me . the ir blaster did not work for a couple months , and this speaker bug is indeed software . there is an app by wyrm on the play store that fix some of the speakers issues : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfix https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfixfree it needs root . if your problem is fixed by the app , send some dough the dev 's way by buying the donationware paid version . also thanks to the team behind the http://xoom2me.blogspot.com.br/ blog for the savior post .
from the android stock email app , you can permanently delete emails if you access the trash folder and delete them from there : select and email to delete and touch the delete icon ; access the Trash folder ; repeat step 1 inside the trash folder for the same email . with this steps , the email gets permanently deleted from your account . i have tested this steps just now to be sure . anyways , i did not find any setting within the app or account preferences , in order to do this more seamless !
as far as i have seen this always happens when you use imap to access a gmail account , it used to happen to me years ago when i used thunderbird mail to connect to gmail over imap . the easiest thing to do is just to hide the folder in the web view of gmail , just hover your mouse over the " imap/trash " label and you should see a small downward pointing arrow one the label , click this and you should see the option to hide the problem label from both the " message list " and the " label list " .
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
alternatively to the adb variant described by chahk ( which requires at least a minal installation of adb on your computer ) , you can install a ssh server app on your device ( examples include , but are not restricted to , ssh server , digisshd , servers ultimate ) . then you can use the ssh command on linux/mac , or a tool like putty on windows , to connect to your device and run shell commands , as if you were using a terminal app on the device itself .
no , it is not possible . an update by default saves all files and settings . but you should do a factory reset before giving it to the service people ( be sure to backup all files before resetting ) . to reset , goto settings > backup and reset > factory reset after you press ok , your phone will be reset and all old files , apps , settings , etc will be deleted .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
in theory , probably , no -- https://groups.google.com/d/msg/proot_me/h3rdv8na9kc/4mscyosx28uj ! with the help of proot , which would simulate chroot ( otherwise requiring being root ) . https://sites.google.com/site/taldewandroid/ is a working implementation of this idea for the opnwrt distro ( not yet ubuntu though ) .
yes . see this method or this one , for example . as per eldarerathis ' comment , these are both for running ubuntu in a chroot environment .
yesterday , google released chromecast app v1.7 , for selected devices running android 4.4.1 and above . this enabled devices to use screencast feature onto their chromecast .
you have got quite a few apps that can do it : wifi file explorer wifi file transfer 3rd : wifidroid , it does not let me post more than two links because of my reputation , but you can search in google . 4th : airdroid , it allows you to transfer anything , and even control your phone with it . i have used the first too , both free and pro versions , i like the 2nd more , the 3rd i never used .
the pro version of wifi file transfer allows files of up to unlimited sizes to be transferred . you type the ip of the phone in the url bar , and it takes you to the root directory of the phone , where you can go to the sd card , or internal storage . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smarterdroid.wififiletransferpro
there are a couple of options : ftp : access your phone via ftp . an allrounder would be es file explorer . use an ftp client on your computer or i.e. the firefox add-on fireftp . access the mobile hotspot open es file explorer > tools > remote manager > start . . . enter ftp-address in fireftp to access files from the mobile ( no system files ! ) samba : use the samba protocol if you rooted your device . samba filesharing is a good app . you can than connect your phones storage as a network drive on the computer . ssh : it is possible to mount the phones storage on the computer using sshfs . on a rooted android device , use sshdroid and on the computer you have to find solutions to support sshfs , ie . for windows it is win-sshfs . it dempends highly on your setup . the difficulty varies between the various os'es .
take a look at this thread on xda-developers forums . there is a good discussion with presets for handbrake ( conversion software ) that should work well for gtab 10.1 . basic settings are as follows : video : h . 264 codec , mp4 container , picture width 1200 , constant quality with rf:20 , loose anamorphic with modulus 16 . audio : aac format , 128 bitrate .
video the galaxy tab 10.1 will work best with mp4 files ( h . 264 encoding ) at 720p ( 1280x720 ) . do not use entropy coding . i am noticing a few problems with it ; it could be the video / my setup though and not the device itself . use a constant bitrate at a reasonable quality level ( rf:20 should be good , or around 1000kbps ) . maximum b-frames should be set to 0 , and reference frames to 4 or 5 . audio as far as audio goes you should be fine with most anything ; a samplerate of 48 and a bitrate of 160 should be good . make sure to downmix to stereo . aac is probably you best bet for the codec . summary more information can be found here and here ( though you might want to experiment a bit with some of the advanced settings if you feel that you need them—probably not a big deal though ) . audio : aac with bitrate of 160 , samplerate of 48 ; downmix to stereo video : h . 264 in an mp4 wrapper at 720p ( 1280x720 ) at a constant bit rate
simply download wifi hotspot . this may help you convert your pc onto a wifi hotspot and then you can share your internet connection on more than one android phone . it even runs on java phone which supports wifi . but if you have windows xp then you might get problems but if you have higher like windows 7 or 8 then it will run very swiftly . here is a link you can use to download it https://a1-downloads.phpnuke.org/en/c151454/wifi-hotspot-creator-free-download-full-review
i am persian and also have nexus-s . you can upgrade your rom to ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) . this version of android has arabic in it is localization and has all you want . if your provider support oem upgrade you can simply upgrade it by phone or you can flash the latest cyanogenmod rom to your phone and have fun with your mobile . you can always download latest cyanogenmod naghtly from here
upgrading to ics ( android v4.0 ) will fix your problem , i would suggest that you wait for the official ics rom ( the official update published by samsung ) according to engadget it will be coming very soon . however , if you do not want to wait and want to install a custom rom you can have a look at xda-developers they have several roms that you can install on your device .
what about transferring the data from your tablet to your computer and then from your computer to your phone ? besides that , i think your phone is too old to be recognized as a disk drive on your tablet anyway . some tablets can read data via usb from sticks/phones , but i think this does not support phones like yours .
at least one of the usb devices would need support for host-mode usb - which is a hardware feature and therefore can not be upgraded via software - and the other needs to report as mass storage usb device . since your tablet has otg ( =host-mode usb ) support it may be a simply compatibility issue . bluetooth may be an option , but it is slow .
judging by the logcat , libc does not like it at all , coincidentally it does look like the wifi triggering it ? but this what caught my eye though : are you running out of space on the /data partition ? the omxcodec , which is related to the graphics driver , should not be crashing like that at all : E/OMXCodec( 136): wrong state to free OMXCodec 1 questions : try disabling the wifi completely , and check for stability with it turned off , any differences ? when did the problem appear ? was it after you installed a last app recently ? are you running some app that requires root and modifies the system - such as xposed module running ? what version of android are you referring to ? is it overclocked ? these are the questions you need to work out and investigate . last resort - try a factory reset or wipe cache/data from recovery ( you will lose root ! )
finally i found the issue and resolved it ! , the error was in the firmware of the device ( especially in the radio , do not ask me how did it got the error , cz i have no idea ) . the solution is to download the ota update and install it in the device . if the ota update is not able to install to the system because you have a custom recovery , goto cache\ and find the ota update package like OTA_PROTO_U_JB_45A_S_hTC_Asia_India_2.22.720.6-1.18.720.3_release_316889ltmnu8ffxfy8672r.zip open it with winzip/winrar/7zip and extract the firmware.zip to a folder . this archive contain the firmware files like radio.img,recovery.img,boot.img,hboot etc . now we are going to flash the file to the device if you are on an unlocked bootloader re-lock the bootloader 1 . reboot the device to bootloader ( goto cmd> type adb reboot-bootloader ) 2 . type fastboot oem lock flash the firmware.zip 1 . type fastboot oem rebootRUU cd to the directory where the firmware.zip is located . 3 . type fastboot flash zip firmware.zip now the firmware is updated and it will be visible in the bootloader menu , use the htc provided method for unlocking the bootloader
after trying all the solutions i found online , i found the one what works for my phone : settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . now contacts are saved to phone . i also chose to display only phone contacts , but without clearing data on the contacts app , it did not work .
you could try to hide all other contact stores from the display options under contacts to display and after this reboot the phone . it should now save your contacts to the desired location by default . if not , then lg has chosen not to include the option in their customized version of the people/contacts app . you should either wait for an update or install a custom rom .
yes , this is well possible . ususally , the manufacturer advises to use its cables only . but usually , there is no problem with other cables . however , there might be a problem with the phases of the cable . sometimes if a cable is folded one or more of the phases can break or a solder joint at the jack might be loose . if it is the wrong one , your phone might charge very slow or even not at all . but you also mention that your battery drains fast . you can take a look at it by using apps like better battery stats by chamonix or the usual battery monitor . if you do not find any strange energy-consuming threads , then it might well be the cable - either a defect like broken phase .
something that may be easier to install is bluestacks . i think it should meet your needs . edit : well . . . except it is not ics :p i would then go to sdk emulators . . .
recent versions of the sdk include a native x86 android image . ( http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html ) http://android-x86.org offers a 4.0 image that can be run from virtualbox . http://androvm.org/blog/ offers a jellybean ( 4.1 ) image for virtualbox . note that performance may not be so great .
on sd card stored only application data , but some parts of applications are always stored on phone , so recovery is impossible - only reinstall .
afaik there is no any such option . i fear you will have to manually go and change the input settings every time . in case you are using android 4.0 or above , whenever you have your keyboard on you will get an ongoing notification in the notification panel , you can tap on it to quickly switch between keyboards . if you cannot see your keyboard listed there , make sure you have it selected in input settings . that is the best you can do .
you could use tasker for this . in case you do not know it : tasker is the most complete automation tool for android , combining " conditions " with " tasks " to so-called " profiles " . for your case , the profile could look like this : condition : app ( select connectbot ) task : input method select from the tasker manual : show the android input method picker dialog . if some methods you have installed are not shown , make sure they are enabled in android settings . note : unfortunately android does not allow changing of the input method without user iteraction . so from the last sentence you see , your final goal cannot be achieved . all you can get is the picker popping up , but you still have to pick your desired ime yourself . if you first want to try out whether that works for you , there is a 7-day trial version of tasker available at their homepage .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
do as follows : go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Downloads ( in All Tab ) -&gt;clear data and cache .
long press on one of the entries to bring up the select menu . click on each one of the files and press the trash icon in the upper right corner . the entries will be removed from the list but the files will remain in the download folder . too bad there is no ' select all ' button .
this is the due to the change in the supply current between the pc 's usb port and the actual plugin charger you got with your device . current from usb port is less compared to that of the charger . hence time required to charge phone from pc usb port is more as that of charger
i think it is the battery 's problem , you should get a new battery . i bought one from ravpower and problem solevd .
my guess would be that Media Scanner was scanning a lot of files . hence , eating up cpu resources and battery . now that you have lesser files , it is probably not working as hard . see if you have Media or android.process.media in System &gt; Battery . a rogue app or a corrupted file could be causing Media to work hard . you could also try to clear the phone 's cache to see if that helps . boot into recovery mode , and clear cache partition .
according to the download page of htc sync manager , htc desire phones should be supported . in my case when i first started the application it started loading all my media files from my pc ( which took some time ) . after everything was loaded , the music etc was stored in my media gallery of the htc sync manager . if you want to disable the synchronisation of your phone on connect , disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab . in my case that tab was only available when you connect your phone ( probably to be able to use different settings for multiple phones ) . so maybe you should just try to reinstall the latest htc sync manager , because it should work for your phone too . just be a little patient .
the disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab did not work for me . even after this is unchecked , it still starts the program when i connect my phone . sometimes i am just looking for the charge . yet i have to wait for the program to load on each plug-in , then manually disable . real pain .
how do i root my device ? contains our collective knowledge on what devices can be rooted , with links to methods . it is incomplete , of course , so if anyone knows how to root this tablet please add the info to the answer there , even if you post it here . roms cannot generally be used with multiple devices . each device normally requires its own drivers and kernel , due to different hardware . rooting is also not standardized ; it depends on how android has been modified on your particular device , as well as how your bootloader behaves . there are , however , methods of rooting that take advantage of exploits common to most flavors of a particular version of android . for example , " gingerbreak " worked on most devices that had the original version of android 2.3 . how do i root my device ? contains a list of those generalized tools as well . the device looks like it is not google-certified , and from searching around it looks like very few people have it . information on it will be sparse and rooting that much harder if none of the common exploits work .
yes , you will lose root ( ota survival mode at root application does not always work ) . recovery loss depends on package , provided with upgrade ( it varies on availability of recovery . img ) .
i show the setting under Settings | Wireless &amp; networks | More... | Cell broadcasts  with three options to choose from : show extreme threats show severe threats show amber alerts ( android 4.1.1 / galaxy nexus )
it is Settings-&gt;Call-&gt; *uncheck* Cell broadcast -&gt; *click* OK to the confirmation question .
if you use a headset when listening to your music , and that headset has a button ( usually for accepting incoming calls ) , you might want to take a look at the many headset controller apps at google play . they allow you to play/pause with a short single press , skip forward/backward with double/triple click , adjust volume with holding the button , and much more . as not every app/headset/device combination works 100% satisfying , do not give up on the first try if it does not work out " ideally " -- but try the next one . took me 3 tries to find the perfect match for my device/headset : )
here are some apps to suite your needs : tactile player – control android music player using hard buttons " tactile player is my favorite tool which gets the job done and i must say , this one is a must for any music addict who wants to change songs using android’s hard buttons or play/pause the current playing song . when you are listening to music and don’t want to unlock android’s lock screen , simply enter the following commands press the volume up button two times to play the next track . press the volume down button two times to play the previous track . press the power button three times to pause or play the currently playing soundtrack . it works and the best part is that there are no settings and absolutely no configuration required on your music player app . the only catch is that the tactile player app must run in the background or else the default music player app won’t be able to receive your commands via the volume and power buttons . " simply lock screen – replace android’s default lock screen and add multimedia controls " simply lock screen is a wonderful lock screen replacement app for android which comes packed with basic multimedia features . you can show clock , date , time and media buttons on the lock screen itself , thereby allowing you to control the order of songs that is being played by android’s default media player app . simply lock screen adds three buttons on it’s lock screen , so you can play a previous or next track or pause the current one by tapping the respective buttons on the lock screen itself . this one is a good choice if you are looking for a better lock screen replacement with added features . "
for security and reliability reasons , private app data are stored in a directory that is only accessible by that app , unless you have previously rooted the device . the only data visible from an mtp connection are files that apps have chosen to share in this way by putting them in the " shared storage " . as well as stopping an attacker from circumventing the screen lock by doing exactly what you are doing , it also stops users breaking apps by messing about with their data files .
you might be able to use an automating app like ifttt or automateit , etc to tell your phone to take any contact you save to the phone and copy it to exchange . i have not found ifttt to be that good for anything other than automatic social sharing but i have not checked for what you want to do , and there are many others automating apps .
according to the manual of your phone , you can not set a default save location , but on page 49 , it is mentioned that if you use " people " , you are prompted to select the desired location for the new contact : from the home screen , tap " menu " > " people " . on the " all " tab , tap " add contact " . select the " contact type " , for example google or microsoft exchange activesync . this determines which account the contact will sync with . for more information , see “ways of getting contacts into your phone” in this chapter . in the name field , enter the first and last name of the contact , then tap ok . enter the contact information in the fields provided . press " back " if you want to close the onscreen keyboard first and easily scroll through the other fields . tap " save " .
android updates are given three basic classifications : major , minor , security . ( i am looking for a source for this , but i have been unable to find it thus far . ) security upgrades , at least , are supposed to be part of the core code and have the least disruption to customizations the carrier and/or manufacturer have made . however , it is still up to the carrier and/or manufacturer to take the update and incorporate it into their particular flavor of the os . some are better at it than others .
google talk was never on the android market . it should have come with your device if it was a " google approved " device , e.g. one that met their minimum requirements ( see this for the gingerbread requirements ) . the google apps that come pre-installed on devices are usually not listed publically on the market . an exception is maps , for example , which is not preloaded on some devices either . you should look under your app drawer for " talk " ( rather than " google talk " , it is easy to miss if you look for that instead ) . if it is not there it can probably be side-loaded if you root your device , but that is another issue .
i found this : http://ars.samsung.com/customer/usa/jsp/faqs/faqs_view_us.jsp?site_id=22pg_id=2prod_sub_id=557prod_id=558at_id=368733 and it seems to be working . i am not really sure now what that ota update was but i will ignore it .
odin-ing to 2.2 should be no different than odin-ing to 2.1 . if you flash pure stock no traces will be left in the system or data partitions of any rooting or custom roms or whatever . you may need to clean your internal/external sd to remove folders from apps that require root , just in case , but that is about it . this xda thread has 1-click odin for 2.2 . the non-rooted version is supposed to still be odexed , according to one of the messages in the thread , and thus should be pure stock . that said : why do you need 2.2 to return for a warranty ? they should not care whether or not you updated as long as your 2.1 is also official .
try checking this link out there are a list of media players that may work for you if you have not tried them already . top 10 media players for android phones
there is an app called " just playlists " that states the " none repeating shuffle " as one of its features : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/media_and_video/just-playlists_byqz.html
try trmp random music player . it has a great shuffle engine !
your best bet will be a third party solution as google is attempting to consolidate many of their services and apps together for a more streamlined approach . i can understand not wanting to muck with google messaging when all you want to do is send sms , but that is the way they are headed with hangouts being the messaging app .
you are not alone in wanting the old messaging app ! even though the old stock messaging app is no longer included in android , you always have the option of installing an alternative . in fact , people are recommending 8sms as a replacement for hangouts that is almost identical to the original stock messaging app . in fact , it is built from the source code of the original messaging app , with " some enhancements " .
no , even though android is based on the linux kernel , programs for gnu/linux need to be ported to the android user-space environment . they usually require some source code changes , and to be compiled linking against the appropriate runtime libraries . you can find some command-line programs that have already been ported to android on open-source sites like github , but there is nothing like apt . the closest thing to an apt repository is f-droid , but that is mainly for gui apps : it is an alternative to google play for downloading open-source apps . i have already searched there and there is nothing like ps2pdf .
no . you can not easily install linux native application on an android platform . in order to do so you will have to compile your files with the linux kernel and not the java virtual machine that runs all your android applications .
as of now , i have not seen or heard of anything free . you have already mentioned the closest alternatives in your question -- google docs or documents to go/quickoffice . something we may see in 2012 ( but possibly later ) is libreoffice on android . they are looking at creating both cloud-based and local mobile implementations . if these come to fruition , they will really kickstart the market for office suites on portables .
on the htc desire x the memory ( you would think you get 4gb , but you do not ) the partitions are as follows : system is 940 mb , data is 1 gb , ( this is what you get for your apps really ) ' phone ' storage is 1 gb 1 gb towards " internal sd " . basically you only get 1gb on the device for your apps . you could use a micro sd card to expand your storage and move your pictures/music/media to it , and some apps still support app2sd functionality . keep in mind chrome can run up to 300 mb no problem , so a cache cleaner may well help you with storage . lifehacker article on what to do if you run out of space . you can not really mess with the other partitions without rooting and then partitioning your sd card with an ext3/ext4 partition and a rom that supports link2sd to ' trick ' your phone into believing there is more internal memory . these partitions contain android , htc stuff , system apps , data partition etc . so you get 1gb in all ( you have 138mb left ) . Otherabove is the os , htc apps and other android related things , that you have no access to ( without a rooted device ) .
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
you need to install a custom recovery , which can back up your original rom so you can restore it later . the clockworkmod recovery is generally considered the best , there is a build of it with instructions for the zte racer at modaco .
2.2.1 was the big lag fix release on the galaxy s , that made a huge difference to the device 's speed compared to the previous 2.1 and 2.2 releases . to me , the gingerbread 2.3.3 feels very much the same to me as 2.2.1 did .
although they did not change the file system , they did make improvements and i am personally noticing significantly less lag on 2.3.3 coming from 2.2 .
from techie-buzz . com : [ o ] ne major disappointment with this firmware is that it still uses the rfs file system . the rfs fs is the major culprit behind all the lags and stalling issues which majority of the galaxy s owners face . if you want to fix your lag i recommend an ext4 lagfix . if you flash a kernel such as voodoo with odin , you do not even need to root first ( note that flashing it will void your warranty anyways though ) . this guide describes the process for an android 2.3.4 kernel for the sgs gt-i9000 . i use voodoo on my sgs vibrant and it is awesome .
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
android 2.2 also introduced a better just-in-time compiler , so the system runs quite a bit faster than before . features list here .
i think in many cases updates are to the system partition . the storage on your phone is split across different partitions , the system one is not where you download third party apps to and usually run out of space . so anything an update does on the system partition would not count against you , unless it repartitioned the storage to give system more room , which is rare and usually only heard of in bizarre cases where the device just could not support a newer version of android any other way . please make sure you have gone through the list of apps in your settings and moved any that you can to your sd card , by the way , if you have one . if your phone is rooted , there are other options as well , such as removing system apps that have been updated and are using space in the usual user partition for their update data , etc . .
this is possible , if the phone is rooted . and i suppose it might even be worth doing if you can get an old g1 off craebayslist , but probably not with the device that is your " phone " . normally when you connect your android device to a computer ( or the tv ) and enable mounting , it mounts the sdhc card or non-removable equivelent . but that is not the only possibility . with some root level reconfiguration ( replacing vold ) the usb storage driver on the phone can actually be pointed at anything that looks sufficiently like a disk - ie , a physical disk , or a file containing a disk image . since there are also ways to get the linux underlying a ( rooted ) android device to mount a filesystem served over the network from your pc , you could now point the usb storage driver at a file on your pc containing a disk image of a fat filesystem containing the media you want to serve . ( there are some potential shortcuts to merge the steps , but it will be easier to get the pc-to-android and android-to-tv parts working separately first ) you would still have to create disk image files on your pc much like you now copy things to usb sticks , but you could automate that and only eat up hard dive space having duplicate copies in the images , and you would not have to physically move the usb stick .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
if you did not already have your bootloader unlocked and tools in place to reload the android operating system ( ie , roms or disk images ) , i strongly suspected you are completely screwed .
on all my devices , if there are more than one app to be updated , i can see the Update &lt;x&gt; button above the apps list , in the header bar with the " updates " text . this will update all apps that do not require manual updates .
i understand this question has long since been asked . however i have useful information for google-fu students and teachers . from what i understand , iphones by default have the trrs 4-conductor jack . androids , on the other hand , vary in specifications . quoted from here : i am sure android and apple are the same kind ( i have used them interchangeably ) though samsung android phones have two rings swapped . more specifications related to android , specifically the nexus one , can be found here ( with wiring diagrams ) . however , the application is different than what you are proposing . still , this may help .
as per @chahk 's answer i guess it depends if swype came pre installed on your handset . in that case i do not think you can uninstall it . in either case , try going to settings -> apps and see if swype is listed . tap it and try to uninstall it . then you can go to beta . swype . com , download the installer , install it , run it , and follow directions to sign in and install the beta .
android allows downloading of any file type irregardless of size ( fat32 formatted sd cards however allow only up to 4gb per file ) . many file explorers come with built-in zip support -- and again , many also offer access to network ressources via ftp , sftp , ftps , samba ( windows network ) , and more . some good examples for these include : es file explorer file manager : compress and decompress zip files , unpack rar files , can create encrypted ( aes 256 bit ) zip files [ . . . ] ; samba , ftp , bluetooth , dropbox , box .net, sugarsync , google drive . . . astro file manager / browser : zip/ tar ; bluetooth and samba ( via addon ) , sftp , and ( explicitly mentioned ) a downloader total commander : zip and unzip , unrar ; bluetooth ; ftp and webdav ( via addon ) of course they offer a wide range of additional features . downloading then either takes place using the file managers network capabilities to browse the resources and copy the file ( as you are probably used to with file managers on your computer ; on windows , total commander is already widely known and used ) -- or , alternatively , using the web-browser , which then stores the file on disk . once on the local file system , the mentioned file managers offer you to open/extract the archives ( a zip file is an archive ) either when directly tapping on the file , or via its context menu ( usually opened on tap-and-hold the file entry ) . should be pretty easy and self-explaining -- though some of the file managers also offer tutorials / online help / inline help to guide you : es file explorer help topics es file explorer support forum astro file manager introductional video astro file manager getting started guide total commander beginners tutorial total commander advanced tutorial
yes , provided you have got an application to deal with zip files , you should be just fine : winzip for android by default there is already apps within your os to deal with zip files : best is access a zip file thru your browser , download an open one . a window should pop-up , with some recommended apps already on your system .
do you hear ringing when you receive a call ? if you hear nothing at all you might want to check your headphone jack , it has a little switch inside that is used for the phone to detect whether headphones are plugged in or not . these switches tend to get stuck from time to time causing the phone -wrongfully- to detect headphones are plugged in , and sending the audio to the jack instead of the built-in speaker . only try the below in case you hear no audio at all from your phone 's speaker ! first i would try by blowing some air ( either with your mouth or lightly pressurised air , like from those keyboard-cleaning spray cans ) . if this does not work you can try loosening the switch by poking around in the headphone jack with a toothpick or something , just be carefull not to bend any of the contacts or something .
in handcent you can set delay settings for individual contacts . i am pretty certain if you set this then the global setting will not override it so maybe you have set the delay to 0 on some contacts . hope this helps .
if you are happy with a solution that you can use on a pc , then superuser . com has this : how do i convert an animated gif to a youtube friendly video format ? for an on-android solution , none of the video coverters specifically mention this but as the ffmpeg library does support this ( as seen in the superuser answer ) , apps like video converter android or media converter and so on , being ffmpeg based , should be able to do it .
you can use this online tool to convert it : http://www.giftovideo.com/ regarding tools , you could use ffmpeg + imagemagick , but it is kind of tricky finding the correct options . there is some instructions here . i tried but some of the cases did not work .
sad to say , cyanogenmod is not working on this model and will not work in the future too . you could find enough help from communities like xda-developers . one link that might help is : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293155 there are some custom-rom developed by members of xda . never ever ever ever forget to backup your stock rom . there can be a lot of bugs in these customrom . common issues found for desire aka magni are screen flickering , wifi problem , sd-card not being detected etc . i would suggest you to first root your mobile and try installing safestrap bootloader as your first babysteps before taking a leap into installing the customrom . xda is the only place where you could get this done .
it is not possible to limit an account to not send emails . the only solution i can think of is to sync the main account ( the one for calendar and contacts ) and a second account for email . in the gmail application , you have to set it to default to the second account when the application is open . in the calendar , you have to set the application to open the calendar of the main account .
i am afraid that is something the android system does not provide by default . but you might take a look at e.g. zakus wifi profiles , which lets you create profiles by access point ( android itself has only global settings here , which would apply to all wifi aps you connect to ) : as i never used this myself , i am not sure whether it only deals with static ips , or can handle dhcp with special settings as well . the app description does not explicitly state this . alternatively , ip manager might prove helpful . it says to manage different ip profiles for different access points , but unfortunately gives no closer details ( and the screenshots do not tell that much ) . still worth a try , as it sounds promising .
apparently my phone is lte and that is not available where i live , so my cell was working overtime trying to connect and it caused an issue with my data connectivity when i updated to ics . i updated my profile , prl , and clicked off lte/cdma to just cdma and all is running perfectly !
believe it or not , the device is already rooted , and it is not documented anywhere . i do not think that starting it in recovery mode for an odd number of times activates/deactivates root , so i just believe the system carries su on its own . if my unit of measure of " rooting " is ad-freeness then i simply tried to run adfree from the device . no superuser warning appeared but adfree not even did not complain about absence of root , but updated the hosts file ! ! and the device was completely ad-free . i also tried to install es file manager , and found this magic file : /system/xbin/su
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
summing up from the comments : there are multiple possibilities . while not all of them might work , you still might give them a try : narayanan writes : some device can be flashed by booting through goldcard . read many questions that are related and find with google how you can prepare a goldcard for your device . according to lie ryan , this will not be feasible for you , as it only applies to some htc devices . recommendation from ce4: adb shell mount -t tmpfs none /sdcard then adb push update.zip /sdcard/ . after that you can install the update regularly ( maybe you need to enable adb first in the settings . this procedure creates a temporary tmpfs filesystem at /sdcard . you use it to just-in-time upload your update to it via adb , cwm will not notice that it is not the regular sdcard which is mounted and will be fine ) this should work fine for you , provided you have usb debugging active or are at least able to activate it .
your notes will be automatically backed up to sd card of your device , unless you turn off ' auto backup ' option . also you can manually back up notes to sd card . furthermore , if you sign up for online sync service , the notes will be backed up to the cloud storage as well . source : http://www.colornote.com/faq.html#collapse6 so you can check your sd card but that is about it . if you set up cloud sync ( which i think you did not since you mentioned you did not back up ) . . . checking your sd card is your only hope .
i would suggest you to mount your phone and use photorec tool in ubuntu . last time i did that to recover photos . . and it works ( assuming factory reset is as equal as formatting the device )
if you have the db files then the only way is to root your mobile and copy the corresponding db files to the location ( data/data/com . socialnmobile . dictapps . notepad . color . note ) .
as i know : factory reset => erase all data . it is good to make a backup . . but sadly the backup is not working all the time and is not working for all applications . i am sorry dude , you cannot recover your data . you could try at a gsm service . . . maybe some specialist can do something , but i do not think so .
you cannot do it without " replacing " parts of android . the file is not actually downloaded by the browser , it is downloaded by the download manager . you would have to set a " default " for pdf files ( pdf reader ) and then replace the download manager . replacing download manager could be done , without a custom rom , since it has " public " intent actions available that it fires when a download is completed . if that is a viable option , there is a question on stackoverflow that could be a starting point for replacing download manager with a custom one . the ipad opens the file right away because there is nothing else you can do with it . there is no " available file system " on ios . where on android , you can save files , and even install a file manager to browse to them .
have you tried pdf . js extension for firefox mobile ? it is a bit slow and unstable for now , but it should work as expected .
to easily toggle the portrait/landscape mode you can install the app power toggles from the play store . then add a notification toggle with the rotation control . once enabled when you click on the rotation control icon it allows you to choose between the two view modes ( port/land ) . being in the notification bar means you can almost always access it . i find it really useful !
it is not normally to do with the position of the phone , there is normally a " proximity sensor " on the front of the phone that locks the screen if the phone is against your face , and unlocks the screen a few moments after you take it away from your face . according to the galaxy pocket duos 's specs on gsm arena there is no proximity sensor built into that model , compare with the alcatel ot-991 or samsung galaxy s 's specs where you can see they do have a proximity sensor .
the adb can connect to an android device only if " usb debugging " is enabled in settings-> applications-> development . if this setting is disabled and a password lock is set for unlocking the device , there should be no worries . also there are many apps such ' lookout ' which provide the ability to remotely wipe data from a phone if it gets stolen .
you can install go contacts ex . one of its features is Quick find: by any letter, name, company, keyword .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
i have it for a week , and i believe i have managed to test most of its functions . wifi works , bt works , bouth sims works perfectly , camera 2.0mpix , flash works , market works , better to charge in external charger because small nokia or usb cable ( samsung ) not always works . g sensors works ( labyrinth ) . too slow for abduction or nfs . you can chose use gprs from sim1 , sim2 ar non of them . without microsd it is useless . tv ( analog ) works . generay its too slow for games , but seems a good phone .
no , there is still no dual-sim or multi-sim support in android itself . there is nothing to stop manufacturers extending their rom to support two or more sim cards , and several have done this . there are some phones where you have to reboot to switch sims , like in the old days with dumbphones , and some phones , such as this one , where you can actually be on standby on two networks at once . the only limitation is that third-party apps ( such as dialers you download from google play ) can only see one of the sim cards - because that is all the standard android framework can expose .
a3000 is a real dual standby android phone . it allows selecting a sim when you call or send an sms . and also you receive calls to any sim . when you talk to one sim , the second shows busy too . i have just got this phone ( this morning ) from alibaba . com and now i am testing it . hello from siberia : )
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
the lgpl license might be problematic for this use , but you might start with andpdf and strip the features you do not want .
quite easy : find / starts exploring at the file system root ( i.e. . the very top ) . so it comes to places you have no access to as normal user , and runs into permission issues . it sees a directory called /proc/19619 and , knowing this is a directory , wants to traverse into it . but it is not permitted to ( most likely the permission of that directory is something like drwxr--r-- , so everybody can see ( "r"ead ) it – but only its owner can change into ( execute ) ) . so your find sees it , but can not dive into it . as you have been running this command as root , permission problems should not be the issue . but taking a look at the directory in question pops up a different answer : /proc is storing process information . below this top-level dir , directories are created using the pid of running processes . so /proc/19619 stores information on process 19619 . most likely your find was seeing that directory , and at the same moment that process ended ; so when find finally wanted to dive into , it was gone : No such file or directory ( not anymore ) .
android supports the rtsp protocol ( i believe using videoview ) , i am not sure if this has everything you are looking for .
i can only wish for that ability @mahesh ( a999 ) . the image has to be prepared for a specific hardware as it involves lot of drivers to be accounted for . the chances are pretty bright if the two device share same hardware , which in your case is not . you can try cyanogenmod roms or other custom rom . visit this xda page , which is exlcusive for your device .
you can only use images specifically made for your own device . unlike common linux live cd images , android images usually comes only with the drivers for the particular device it was intended for to save space . it is highly unlikely you will be able to run an image designed for another device well , unless the hardware on the device is extremely similar to the original device . many modders compiles from source code and spends a lot of time figuring out the compilation flags that excludes the drivers they do not need while making sure it includes the ones they need , and tweaking the settings to optimize it for the device ; this may be difficult on some device if the manufacturers do not release all their source code or if they did not publish the settings they used in their own images . some modders swaps compiled modules from another device with similar hardware into a base image that is known to work on their device ; this is essentially trial and error though because there is no guarantee it will work at all . in some extreme cases , there has been times where modders felt that the manufacturer has done an extremely poor job on certain driver and rewrite the entire driver from scratch . in any of these methods , you need to be very familiar with both kernel and the hardware on the device . it is generally easier if the manufacturer released vanilla images and/or their compilation settings . unlike the compiled binaries , apks are generally interchangeable though , because they are compiled in dalvik instead of arm . often it is possible to get a sneak peak of later device 's feature by side loading the right apks . this is why it is often possible to install newer launchers and keyboards on previous versions of android .
this is a reported bug which has not yet gotten any attention . a workaround is to use long-press to add items rather than dragging them .
you can manually download the photo and in your contact manager click the placeholder for photo and chose that file . as far as automatically importing , your phone can not figure out which " john smith " is the " john smith " you want from the list of " john smiths " . the default contact manager can not do this .
just a thought : setup a google gmail account , filter the important emails to be send to this gmail account , attach the gmail account to your phone , and set up another alert when receiving an email from the gmail account .
according to this changelog the upcoming f-droid version 0.71 should support this . another mention of this is in : https://github.com/whispersystems/textsecure/issues/127#issuecomment-51065857
almost every f-droid app is signed with a different key , though all keys are in the same key store . in order for the switch to be bypassed , f-droid client would have to be installed as a system app and made to work safely as such . some code has been supplied for this to work , but it has not been integrated yet .
yes , you will " lose " those apps , since they are tied to the google account rather than to the device . as far as i know , there is no way to transfer a purchased app from one account to another . a factory reset basically clears the /data partition .
because , for the most part , htc does not try to lock down their phones . compare this to motorola : all their phones have locked bootloaders except for the original droid . however , motorola has been showing signs that they might be changing this behavior in the future . a lot of the htc phones can use the unrevoked method to root their phones ( except for maybe the thunderbolt ? ) .
in the past , htc phones have been the easiest to unlock , which directly translates to their hackability and therefore support from community developers . allegedly , newer htc devices are a lot more restricted , which will put a damper on custom rom availability . i believe samsung will soon take the lead in the " most hackable " category , and we will start seeing more of their handsets on the cm 's " supported " list .
you first priority is probably to clean-up downloaded files , cached files , old apf ( installation ) files to give yourself more room and operate more efficiently . you can clear cache individual applications through settings > applications > clear cache . use any file explorer to remove files no longer needed or no longer wanted from your downloads . each browser normally has its own downloads folder . " sd maid " includes a file explorer if you do not already have a separate application . you can clear cache files much quicker by installing " clean master " get rid of " junk files " such as cached files " sd maid " . some items within are " overview " help to see what you are working with . " corpslefinder " find and delete files sd maid believes belong to your old/deleted applications " appcleaner " is a premium feature so you can use " clean master " to get rid of cached files , would need to mount your removable sd card , and once mounted , you would have to unmount the card before you physically remove your card . settings > storage > external sd card > mount/unmount sd card . you have to set default storage individually per application . some applications would slow down everything if they used your removable sd card storage , such as " play store " , and applications that start at startup . to move an application to your sd card : settings > applications > choose application > " move to sd card " to choose applications : settings > applications > on sd card http://www.tomshardware.com/faq/id-1772970/set-default-download-location-card.html http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-galaxy-s-ii/137116-can-i-set-external-sd-card-default-media-storage.html
here is the way i used to do it ( make sure all of your contacts are backed up to google ) : delete all non google contacts . add contacts to phone that you do not want to appear . delete the contacts from google that you just added to your phone . in you contact book : menu button > contacts to display > google only now your contact book will only show your google contacts , but your phone contacts will show up if the person calls you . this is a little inconvienent if you like to use both your google and phone contacts for different things . note : this process can be reversed to get the opposite effect ( store main contacts on phone , store contacts of people you do not want to see on google ) .
this official google support page tells you how to access gmail from a normal email client using imap : you have to turn it on through the gmail web interface , then add the account to your email client like any other imap server . the standard email client on samsung devices supports having multiple accounts . press the + button in the email app 's settings to add an additional account . most third-party email clients for android ( such as k9-mail ) support multiple accounts too , but the set-up will be slightly different for each .
specifically for moving your aol contacts to your google account , this page explains how to do that for a number of different e-mail providers . unfortunately this is their answer for aol : aol : aol does not have the functionality to export your address book , so you will have to create a custom csv file if you use this service . so it looks like you are stuck typing them all out manually if you want to move them to your google account . i do not have a droid x so i can not dig around in the settings , but i would not be surprised if you did not have any automatic options with that method either . on the plus side you could use this as an opportunity to pare down your contact list . i do this every few months anyway , just to keep the people i actually need up to date and quickly available . edit : but wait ! i just found this page which explains a clever way around aol 's lack of export functionality . it is a little weird , and could be considered inconvenient for everyone you want to move over , but at least it would keep you from having to type out all of your friends ' and family 's e-mail addresses . it relies on the fact that gmail will auto-add anyone who you send an e-mail . edit 2: and yet another solution ! this page explains a way to create a . csv file containing just e-mail addresses that you can import into gmail without having to e-mail everyone twice .
go to settings , wireless networks , wifi settings then uncheck notify me for open networks . this solved the problem for me : )
tree command is not instaled by default . i do not know how to install it in android via terminal but you could allways use the ls command , but yes it does not show you a tree format that it is easy to understand , but still does the job . ls -d */  only list the directories in the current directory . ls -ltr  list all files by the time they were last modified in reverse order . in other words the last files listed are the most recently modified files . i will try and find a way to install the tree package . if i find something i will let you know . also install busybox to have more unix command avaible . reference
tree  is not even installed on ubuntu by default . that said , you can install busybox on non cyanogenmod roms that lack common utilites . ymmv , but on most " stock " roms seem to lack the utilities . afaik busybox does not include tree . always do a backup first !
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
the following was added as an edit to the question . it seems like it should be an answer . go to Setting - Wireless &amp; Network - Wifi settings press Menu button , and select Advance check Use Static IP enter IP adress , Gateway , Netmask and DNS Server 1&amp;2 of associated with your lan networks . eg . , for me , i use ip=192.168.1.100 gateway=192.168.1.1 dns1=8.8.8.8 dns2=8.8.4.4
like all things in android , there are apps to do what the os was not equipped with . in my case i use a handy little app called simi folder widget . it allows alphabetical sorting of apps along with many other options .
normally you click the power button to select items . that is how my galaxy s works , anyways . edit : according to this , try using the send call button . and end call for cancel . or according to this , use the camera button . i guess it depends on what recovery you have installed . try selecting something that will not do any harm -- a further menu , for example . not " factory reset " :p
if you are use the same custom recovery , according to this , on p500 to select item you press menu button .
what type of system recovery do you have ? on my p500 everything is fine . in amonra recovery there are such bindings : volup/voldown - moving through menus back - previous menu level , cancel action menu - select menu item , approve action also i have noted that from some time back button does not work every time as i press it . i think it is hardware problem . maybe i need to disassemble phone and make it maintenance .
to see what the device thinks is your current location , you can simply open the pre-installed maps/navigation app ( if there is any ; usually google maps comes pre-installed ) . if there is none pre-installed , simply install one from the playstore . or check another gps tool like e.g. gps status and toolbox if you do not need a full-fledged " maps and navigation " app . as for the status icon : this will only show when gps is used ( and not only " available" ) , i.e. when some app is accessing gps to determine your current location . it has nothing to do with reception quality -- which , in case of gps , is rarely location-dependent , but rather depends on other conditions such as clouds , trees , high buildings ( all things which hinder the free view to the satellites ) .
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
in my case , i am on android 4.2.2 so things should not be changed much on your environment . however , what i do , from settings> application/apps i get my all applications installed on my device . so , if any application supports to be moved on to sd card , i can simply move it by pressing the application icon> move to sdcard . if it does not help . try using link2sd . this should do your job .
you may want to try the following link : http://androidforums.com/htc-desire/177579-froyo-car-panel-desire-htc-navigation-panel.html the first post should have links to three different " car home " applications : google car home , google car launcher , and htc navigation panel . you will need to either go to this site on your phone and click the links or download the . apk and transfer it to your phone . after reading a little more down the page it seems if you choose the google one then you need to install both not just one of them . i have not tried these on my hero yet ( i will tonight after work ) but in my experience trying to install apks either works or it does not - so give these a shot and see if any of them work . if anyone has had different experience installing non-market apk 's please sound off in the comments . i also just found this page : http://geekfor.me/hero/downloads/fresh21removedapks/ these are apps that are removed from the fresh rom 2.1 for the hero . as you can see from the list the htc navigation panel is in there . however i do not know if you need to be on fresh rom for these to work . all that said , byran 's car dashboard look like a pretty cool replacement if you do not need the official google or htc car app .
take a look at some alternatives , such as car dashboard , which is a car home replacement app . discalimer : i am the developer of this application
check out the marketplace have a look at ' carui ' similar but not identical . might have to root our heros to get it , as it probably only compatible with 2.2 sigh
[ disclosure : i work for cosign ] i just viewed a digitally signed pdf in adobe reader for android version 10.6.0 . unfortunately , it does not appear that the app will verify the digital signature . it does display the graphical representation of the signature , but there is no signature panel and no message about the signature 's verification status . hopefully they will add that feature to the mobile version someday . please submit your own answer to your question if you find any android software that will verify a digital signature . in the meanwhile , you could roll your own solution if you are willing to write an app . see the signature api guide at www.arx.com/api for info . or you could use cosign web app , box or google drive . all of those apps work in mobile and include integration with cosign . by opening the doc in cosign , you had see the doc and its signature verification status . see screen shot below .
samsung devices are ' known ' for their excessive use of internal memory for android system files and samsung 's own programs ( bloatware ? ) . to free this space you will need to root the device and put a slimmer rom on it . rooting is a practice which requires some knowledge what you are doing and it will void your warranty . if you have no idea what rooting is , i would recommend you to stay away from this practice since it can not only void your warranty , but also render you device useless ( so-called ' brick ' it ) . if you do know what rooting is , then you will also know which sites to use for this , so i will not tell them here . hope you will understand i am trying to avoid inexperienced readers from doing things to their devices which they regret . good luck ! : )
an old question i know , but i have been able to use a verbatim store ' n ' go portable hdd with an otg cable without any power issue . the only disadvantage is that i can not power down the drive before removing it ( unlike on pc ) so i risk shortening the drive 's life . other than that , it is fine .
do i need a specific app ? my impression is that i need the nexus media importer , which is a paid app , but is that the only way ? some apps on google play have the ability to read usb otg data , however an app specifically made for the purpose would be better . which filesystems are supported ? most file systems that linux supports will be supported . can the nexus 10 deliver enough power through usb to use a portable hard drive , or does it only work with usb flash drives ? no , it cannot . it cannot as the micro-usb port would not be able to push out enough power , as well as the fact that the battery would drain very quickly if this were to happen . can i access the external usb drive without restrictions as if it was an sd card , or are there any additional restrictions ? you can access it like you would on your computer , through a file manager . the app you choose may restrict the access , however .
you would have to look at the pros and cons . pros of cloud backup off site backup ( you will keep your data if your house burns down ) cons of cloud backup make take a while to upload all of your data to the server make take a while to download the data again pros of dedicated backup app quick ( no upload ) quick and easy access ( on your sd card , so you can easily access it without an internet connection ) cons of dedicated backup app if your sd card breaks , you lose all the backups if there is a fire , you lose your backups if you lose your phone with the sd card in it , you lose both the phone and your backup you also have to bear in mind that my backup pro ( which you mentioned ) , has the ability to back up to the cloud as well as file backups . you can also set scheduled backups . with this in mind , i would say that a dedicated backup app would actually be better and easier than using a standard cloud service .
one more thing to keep in mind is privacy : while you mostly have control over your locally stored data , you cannot say the same for cloud services . for storing personal/sensitive information to the cloud , you should always consider encryption . a third option is to have your app creating backups on your sd card , and use another app ( e . g . foldersync ) automatically sync the backup directory to your local computer ( or nas device ) . this way you are a bit safer if your card breaks , and have more privacy . and you have both , a local and a remote backup -- plus even if you need the latter one , download is a bit faster as from the cloud . if you trust some cloud service , chances are also good that service is supported by foldersync as well .
one click root methods use a simple rootkit exploit package to gain root permissions to the android kernel . once this is done , they modify file permissions to make the rooting permanent . these exploits have been patched by google and device manufacturers for a long time now , and the vast majority of one click rooting solutions are outdated and no longer work . in other words - your firmware is too new . it has been patched against rootkit exploits .
from the main listing of games in the google play games app , you need to swipe the old konami code : ↑ up , ↑ up , ↓ down , ↓ down , ← left , → right , ← left , → right ( and then when the retro button grid pops up ) , b , a , ▶ start . you should then see an achievement notification pop up . here 's a youtube video that demonstrates how to do this . via android central
look at the no video player app .
this may be a silly thing to say , but have you tried loading a site with flash , and letting it play ? i would have thought it would just continue even if the screen goes blank . if it does stop when the screen goes blank , can you download it and play it using one of the audio players that supports . flv and has the option to continue playing in the backgound ? is there an app that can play . flv ? regarding playing non-mp4 or h . 264: chinese app called wuzhenhua player rockplayerbase coreplayer , but does not seem to support android ( it is got a mobile version :/ ) droidacir says it supports . flv-based audio streams another flv player here 's a so question about having trouble stopping flash when leaving the browser . hth
this is an old question , but there just might be an answer which someone might benefit from . take a look at uz media player https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.uzumaki.android.mediaplayer
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
have you tried using kingston class 4 ? if you can find class 10 , even better ! source
is the phone connected to a pc/charger while you were trying the call ? try to have a good ' earth ground ' at all times when handling a phone with capacitive screens . i had the same problem when my phone was connected to the pc/charger . if that was not the problem , try using a different dialer app from the market and see if that brings up the problem .
it has happened to me on my nexus s , running stock gingerbread and now stock ice cream sandwich , that occaisionally when i try to answer the phone the touch screen is unresponsive . i find that if i press the power button to turn off the screen ( which silences the phone as well ) and then turn it back on i can answer the phone .
had the same problem with an htc legend , and in my case , i think the screen was screwed . because i wa shaving problem when trying to write on the keyboard as well . at some point , whenever i was touching , it always acted as if i touched the top of the screen ! ! ! i bought a new phone
i have read the ics roms on sensation xe were buggy . hence they delayed the ics roms for ( original ) sensation to fix the bugs . ( assuming you are using stock dialer . ) update to the latest build of ics that is been released for your device .
its not android problem its htc problem . i have experienced same problem few times . all you can hope is an upgrade of htc sense from htc . ring was introduced by htc because there was problem with earlier approach of dragging up . try to kill few unwanted process in your cellphone so that your becomes even more responsive .
i had the same problem with my droid 2 . for me , it was a precursor to the hardware for touch interaction going haywire : it was registering other touches on the screen in a line on the right side . i was able to view them by opening a drawing program , or popping up the gesture screen in dolphin hd . random touches would appear up and down in a straight line . this happened more frequently when i would been outside working , or the phone got warm through other means .
it is an android problem . i had the issue on a samsung running gingerbread . i still have the same issue iphone . android is 98% there but when you can not answer a call then what the hell is the point of having a phone ?
your best option will be to root and use a custom rom and kernel . . . it is the touch screen drivers locking up
as user said my comment helped him and post it as answer . try to install the rocket dial and in settings try to make it default app for receiving calls . Settings&gt;caller ID also you can use free version of hd caller id which has option to overtake the default caller screen .
i do not think there is a way to do this with this phone . the droid razr m does not support mhl , and its android version is too old to have the feature of mirroring the screen to a chromecast . you could still use chromecast to send specific video ( i.e. . from movie players , presentation apps , or youtube ) to anything that has hdmi input , but not to mirror the whole screen . note that the phone 's screen itself does not use a high-level protocol like vga or hdmi , so you can not simply take the screen off , cut its ribbon cable , and wire a vga screen in its place .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
i have samsung galaxy pro duos ( ginger bread ) in which there is no feature like this , but my wife have xolo a700 ( ics os ) in which there is simmilar kind of feature by which phone can be switch off and on in scheduled time . i found xolo phones are more value for money in compare to samsung . btw ' phone schedule ' apps available in play store which can turn on/off airplane mode as per the schedule time given . but not found something which can turn off or on completely
. . setup a schedule for automatic device shutdown . . . i found an app named timerandroid in the play store . seems that is what you are looking for . but you need to have root access .
if you are rooted , disable your proximity sensor in a call . to do so , add following line to /system/build.prop file : gsm.proximity.enable=false . if you do not use proximity sensor other than in call , you can disable it fully . to do so , use hardware disabler app . but , make sure you have selected correct driver of proximity sensor , otherwise you will brick your device . to find correct driver of proximity sensor , you can either google or find it using android sensor box app . plus , make sure to make screen timeout period long . you can use widgetsoid app ( or , other toggle apps ) to make it infinite .
i do not think there is a way . the phone is like an app , it will run until it times out and brings you to the lock screen . it happens a lot in games and stuff when you are not active and the phone thinks you are away so it turns the screen off to save battery . it happens to me when i talk on the phone for a long period of time . you can either completely disable the lock screen , or keep it on . i do not believe that there is alternative . the lock screen does this for your own " safety " and there are no exceptions . you can , however , extend the time limit you have until your phone locks itself .
go to settings , applications then find the all tab . scroll down and you will find calendar storage and contact data . open each of these and choose clear data .
aosp video playback samsung 's touchwiz framework includes samsung 's own video player for android . it is a decent player and covers a lot of different video formats . aosp ( android open source project ) roms come with the ' stock ' video player , which does not seem to have the wide array of features that samsung provide . samsung video player apk : i found a link to the apk for samsung video player . here is the player as you said , you would have to install vlc , mx or an alternative player on aosp to enable more video formats . i think the trade off of downloading an app , vs reinstalling the laggy , bloated touchwiz is an easy choice , but it depends on what you prefer . it would personal choice really . galaxy s5 video player you can actually install galaxy s5 apps on your s4/note 2/3 as well . this xda thread has the apk files for galaxy s5 applications , including video player added bonus : other samusng apps : this xda thread has samsung apps you can flash via custom recovery . however , it requires a custom recovery , and the video player is not listed . here are the apps you can install , perhapst he samsung app store would have the video player : samsung apps store polaris office touch wiz 4 hd launcher touch wiz clock package samsung task manager memo ( not s memo )
you may need to remount your file system to enable write . i am not sure how that is done with root explorer , but from the terminal it looks something like : mount -o rw,remount /partition/name/  you can get the partition name by typing mount without any parameters .
if you are using the speed software root explorer application then you might be holding your phone wrong ! - guffaws no really ! when i hold the phone in portrait view i can not get access to the little button in the interface that puts that directory into r/w mode ( read/write ) : hold your phone in landscape view when you navigate to that folder . when you get there you will see the little button to ' mount r/w': remember to turn it back to ' mount r/o ' ( read/only ) if this does not fix your issue then i will wonder if you actually have root access . just saying . . . good luck ( :
i am using a htc hero and when i had to unroot my phone , i found the ruu for my phone . this in simple terms is a restore to your phone which the service provider uses to restore the phone to absolute stock . i would check and see if you could not find the ruu to your specific phone ! good luck !
sms works on any phone . on android , your phone will have an sms client built-in ( probably called " messaging " , but it varies between manufacturers ) , and you can also choose from many third-party sms clients . as well as plain old sms , there are many instant-messaging systems that work on android and iphone , and other platforms too . your iphone-using friends may well have one or more of these installed already . some examples are skype , jabber , whatsapp , google hangouts , and facebook chat . what you describe as " apple messaging " is probably what apple calls itext : it is the sms app on iphone . it also has its own closed chat system built-in , so that if it knows the recipient of an sms is an iphone , it'll silently send the message through apple 's servers instead of through the sms system . it still uses sms for people on other phones , so you do not need to worry about being exiled .
you mention imessage , which is important to understand that it is a proprietary solution from apple . there is no way to communicate with imessage from android , and there probably never will be . that said , there are a very large amount of third party cross-platform messaging apps , and if your friends and family would accept getting these ( they might already use them ) , you could communicate via these . there are probably hundreds of them , but some of the most popular ones include whatsapp and viber — both of which offer iphone as well as android versions of their software . the obvious strengths of any kind of im software like this , whether it is imessage , whatsapp or viber , is that all of your data is sent via your data plan , or even via wifi if available . you will be able to send images without paying an mms fee , you will be able to send audio without being charged for a call ( voip ) and you will be able to send text without being charged for an sms ( via e-mail or im ) . there are no drawbacks as i see it , except for maybe backwards compability with non-smartphones , sms definitely has the edge there .
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
sounds just like a simple bug in doubletwist 's app , and you should probably send them an email reporting it . programmers have access to system " events " ( for lack of a better word ) and we use these events in conjunction with the state of our app to trigger certain behaviors . like , if i created an app similar to doubletwist , i would handle the system event of you unplugging your headphones to check if an mp3 is playing , and then i would immediately pause it so that my app does not embarrass you by blasting your music out loud every time you unplug your headphones . they could be performing this type of check ( when receiving an alert from the system that the state of the user 's headphone jack has changed ) and either reading the state of the headphone jack incorrectly or evaluating the " are we playing audio " state of their own application ( or both ) .
have you tried using headset blocker ?
the stock live wallpapers are actually apps found in the /system/apps folder . user installed ones are in /data/app . you will need to be rooted and have a root explorer to access these folders .
i have a kindle fire i received as a gift and live in canada . the amazon app store is visible but you cannot download anything . it says " this service is unavailable in your region " the web browser works fine , as does downloading books from amazon . ca you can see the content for sale or borrowing in amazon prime , but get the same message .
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
in order for this to work for me on android 4.3.1 , i needed to actually disable the google search feature . i know this breaks other things but until there is an option to turn this bug off - and it is a bug if you ask me and in no way a feature , where you are required to do more to enact a simple thing that should be accessible out of the box , so to speak - then i will live without this . uninstalling the update and reverting back to factory did not prevent the headphone button from going to google now . but disabling the google search feature , gives me back control over the headphone buttons .
i do not know of a way to disable google now intercepting media button presess unless you have a rooted phone , as you did not specify that you did , i am going to assume you do not . the easiest way to do this would be to disable the google voice search app . go to your apps settings menu ( system settings --> apps ) . slide to the left until you get to the ' all ' list , scroll down until you find the app named ' google voice search ' , click it and click the disable button - now reboot your device . edit : as you have a rooted phone , you could install the auto starts app from google play , and use it to disable the ' media button pressed ' entry under google voice search . this is a paid app . google voice search will not act as if it is not installed onto your device .
same problem , i have found a solution : go to settings > applicationmanager slide right to all apps , then find the application called google search . if you have two separate applications installed ( in my case ) , with this name just tap the one with the google logo ( mine was blue . ) then tap uninstall updates and then hit disable . when you now hold the button nothing appears .
you could load a silent . mp3 sample as well .
the only way to mute group messages is to mute them for a time period , and the maximum duration is 1 week . to do this , open the group conversation you had like to mute , press menu and select Mute and then select the desired duration ( 8 hours , 1 day , 1 week ) . unfortunately this means you have to do this weekly and separately for all groups .
essentially , for backing up apps or sms , titaniumbackup works wonderfully . i have always relied on it to get my job done . but since you have already backed up your apps , i would suggest you to try moving your app data folder to storage/emulated/0/android/data/ folder instead of where it is now , and if it is a . obb folder , move it to /android/obb . it'll pick up your settings .
press and hold ( long press ) on the widget , then drag it to the remove/trash icon that will appear .
most often the phone simply recognizes that the flash needs to be completed , and refuses to enter most modes until it is . so , first check and see if odin will see the phone regardless of what is on the screen . otherwise : remove the battery , then re-insert and try to get into download mode again . if that fails , then remove the battery and , while holding the key combo for download mode , re-insert the battery . if that fails , plug into usb and try both of the above . if that fails , try all 4 of the above with different key combinations . the most common that might trigger something : home + voldown + power home + volup + power voldown + volup + power voldown + power volup + power
use titanium backup pro ( paid ) . it can restore individual apps+data from cwm backups ! it clearly colors data containers with green . and , names of container which keep contacts etc . vary as per android version and manufacturer , but they are generally human readable . keep green color in mind . if you find contacts which is not colored with green , its app . . not data container .
aha ! as edlarerathis commented , you can change this in awd settings . settings -&gt; ADW settings -&gt; system preferences -&gt; Home orientation  change from landscape to auto/sensor .
ok i was able to get it going by using twrp instead of cwm . twrp is much better !
the play store does have an option in its central settings for controlling whether shortcuts on your home screen are automatically created for apps when you install them : you can get here by opening the play store , pressing the menu button on your phone ( or the " three dots " menu icon if you do not have a hardware menu button ) and select settings , you should then see the " auto-add widgets " setting that you can enable or disable .
vlc is available for android already ! here are some best android players for you !
if someone gave me the choice of picking just one media player to take to a deserted island , i would most definitely plonk for videolan’s vlc media player . vlc , the free media player popular for its capability to play most media formats ( mpeg-1 , mpeg-2 , mpeg-4 , divx , mp3 , ogg . . . ) while , no-one seems to know much how to import and play blu-ray discs using vlc ( even you’ve gotten rid of the copy protection and can actually make a backup ! ) . no worry ! an approach is presented at this website . if vlc does not play your blu-ray movie , we can upgrade the vlc to the latest version , install it and replay it , but it seems to be a bit complex for us . and sometimes , our blu-ray was burned at 8x or 16x speed while the computer can only handle 2x or 4x media . on this occasion , we had better convert the blu-rays to videos for smoothly playback with a blu-ray ripper , which enables us rip and convert blu-ray to a common video for vlc for playback effortlessly .
the best player is dice player . . . you can play any format on it without your phone breaking a sweat . . my 3 years old galaxy s is able to play 720p videos perfectly and also 1080p ( though choppily ) . all the other players on the market failed to do that for me . the only other player that does all that was the default galaxy s player but as i installed cyanogenmod i lost it .
i use qqplayer mobile qq player . . . supports all the popular formats of videos on the market , including avi , flv , mp4 , 3gp , mkv , mov and etc . in addition , qq player also supports srt , smi plug-in subtitle and mkv embedded subtitle , as well as multiple audio tracks switching .
vlc for android is now available as beta .
mxplayer it supports most of the formats
i like moboplayer it seems the fastest on my xoom , and plays back nearly anything i throw at it flawlessly .
arcmedia is also a nice player . it is based on ffmpeg , so it'll play pretty much anything you throw at it .
you can get free storage space the same way you do on your pc : uninstall some apps you are not using . you might find it useful to go into the device settings , then apps ( or applications manager ) , then press the menu key and choose sort by size to see which are taking up the most space . if you have lots of videos , photos , or music in your internal storage , delete them , or move them to your sd card .
there is no way to add additional ram to your android device ( as you have tagged your question " ram " i assume you are meaning ram ) . so : sorry , you will not be able to solve this .
yes , it is a system process . other apps may use media storage to download , play , and stream audio/video . i do not know specifically which media apps actually uses them though . you might try to block it , and see if any functionalities in the media player you regularly uses stops working .
as of google+ 4.3 you can select which local folder are included in auto backup .
it is hard to say without knowing what specific model ( s ) you are thinking of , but by and large the antennas you are thinking of are probably designed for 3g/evdo , in which case the answer is no . sprint 's wimax network operates on a completely different frequency than it is 3g network , so the antenna for one will not work for the other . the evo itself has two antennas in it for this very reason . basically , if it does not support the 2.5-2.6 ghz frequency range , then it will not work . there are wimax repeaters/antennas out there , but i have never seen one from a major manufacturer ( or sprint/clear ) . someone over on android forums also managed to make his own wimax antenna .
i would first try updating the phone with official kies software . download it from here , install it on your computer , and run it . the program should walk you through the upgrade process . if the above fails , you may have to go the hard way and follow instructions from here . this post from xda-developers forum has links to various region-specific roms , as well as instructions for flashing it via 3rd-party tools : installation : - download appropriate ics rom , and extract the . tar file from the zip . - download odin , open it . - select pda tab and point to rom file . leave re-partition , pit , csc , phone tab unchecked . - switch off device , put it in download mode ( hold down Vol Down + Home + Power buttons ) . - completely close kies and any anti-virus applications if running - connect device to pc - " id:com " port should turn yellow - now click Start - after reboot , you will see screen showng android updating , then will install some application . * important note : all the links and instructions i provided are for the samsung galaxy note international model - n7000 . if you have a different , carrier-specific variant ( e . g . us at and t 's sgh-i717 or south korean shv-e160x models ) , you will need to search for kies and/or stock rom version applicable to your specific model number .
if you are adventurous and know your way around odin ( samsung 's firmware flashing tool ) , you can go here to get the correct regional firmware for your samsung galaxy note . important : make sure you download the correct firmware for your device and region . for example , xsa is the regional code for australia . next , download odin from the same site and use it to manually flash your device with a new firmware . you may also need the samsung usb drivers for windows ( if you are using this os ) . go here , or here to get the usb drivers . after you have downloaded all the required software , do this in order ( note : these instructions are only for microsoft windows ) : install the samsung usb drivers onto windows . extract the samsung galaxy note 's firmware . start odin . shut down or power off your samsung galaxy note . go into download mode by holding volume down + home + power simultaneously . ( note : do not press the " power " button first or the device will boot up ) . then , when prompted , press volume up button on the device to start the download mode . connect your note 's usb cable - one end into your note ; the other end into a usb port in your computer , or a usb hub connect to your computer . back in odin , you should see a com port highlighted in yellow - this is your note 's com port that odin will use to flash the firmware onto the device . next , click the pda button and locate the firmware extracted in step 2 above . in odin , ensure that only the auto reboot and f . reset time options are selected . then , click start button and wait ( for a couple of minutes ) . once odin signalled pass , unplug the usb connector from your note and let the device reboot normally . you should be able to regain access to your device after it has rebooted . you do not need to use samsung 's crappy kies application . if you have it installed already on your computer , uninstall this useless bloatware . just use odin for flashing any new firmware for your samsung galaxy note .
most android phones come with an app called " downloads " where you can find any file you may have downloaded from the internet . from there , you should be able to view the picture and set it as your background through the Menu key settings . another way might be to look in your Gallery application ( or any photo viewer ) . most of these will display the downloads folder ( or any folder that holds image files ) , where you can view the image and set it as your background . worst case scenario , i would look in your browser settings to see if you can find a folder path for where it is saving downloaded information ( again , ususally /sdcard/downloads ) and use a file manager ( like x-plore ) to find and open the file , where you will be able to set it as your wallpaper .
i use " wallpaper saver " to save wallpapers when i have thrown away the original . get it from play : [url="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree"]https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree[/url]
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
it sounds like your phone is defective . you should return it to the shop for repair or replacement .
adw launcher ex is a replacement launcher and it has the ability to have the " application drawer " in the 3d mode like you described . there is also a free version that may have that option as well , i do not remember if it had it or not . these can be installed on the device from the android market , and do not require rooting .
when i flashed a custom gingerbread rom , one of the launchers included has this menu style , but again , this includes rooting your phone and doing a data wipe at least once . launchers change the app menu style , but i do not know if this one is available without a custom rom , which will require a root and reflash .
i think its a bug . just try this it worked for me : first is tap auto rotation ( most important ) go to gallery > pick the photo you want > set as > home screen wallpaper tap the portrait like you did in the pic then keep tilting the phone until the blue box looks portrait . it worked for me .
try can try wallpaper wizardrii .
if your using cyanogenmod 11 , then the issues your having are very common . its still under development so there are things that do not work . some of the times something works , but then is broken again in the next release . right now your best option would be to either flash cyanogenmod 10.2 or just bear with it and wait for a release that fixes the issue .
essentially , a lower signal strength will lead you device to use more power that in turn drains your battery faster and causes the device to heat . the farther away you are from the closest cell tower , more your device needs to put out a higher power level in order to reach the tower . transmitting at a higher power level requires more energy from the battery . an elevated power level causes your device to heat in result of the extra effort being conducted . if you are in a really weak signal area , try turning off mobile data . you can still receive calls and sms ( but not mms ) .
why ? when the phone signals are weak , the android os constantly scan the area thoroughly . this requires more battery power . that is the reason your phone gets so hot when you are in areas with poor reception . could it be solved ? that is the reason it is advised to turn flight mode on when you are is low-signal areas to preserve your battery life . is it a hardware problem ? yes . and that problem is common to all the android devices . so nothing to worry . why not iphone ? for the comparison with iphone , the specs of android device of each manufacturer varies from one another whereas it does not in apple deceives ( not everybody get to produce a device which can run ios , thanks to the apple inc . patents . ) as the android specs vary from device to device , it is highly likely that the battery performance will differ from device to device as well .
i am also agree with the point mentioned by @sid when there is no signal or low signal then system continuously scan the network that require more power from battery and it leads to battery heat-up . that is why it is suggested that keep airplane mode off when it is not necessary .
i had similar prob . the solutoin is very easy . try these three alternatives . 1 . stop running apps which are not just using . you have to stop them from setting then apps manager . now try to open your gallery . 2 . if one does not work , simply reboot your phone and open your gallery to delete files . 3 . if these two does not work take backup of ur phone . , better to pc and restore the phone to factory setting .
an alternative way is to uninstall some applications that are huge in size . in this way the internal storage can be freed enough to open the gallery app without insufficient memory error .
if you go into your files , you will see a photos and videos sign . click on that and it should say delete . if it does , click it and choose which ones you would like to delete .
while several hints can be found in the insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you case seems a little special ­– as you report to still have ~75 mb free ( 3 times the limit this error should be triggered ) . this should even enable you to install a file manager ( if you have not already done so , or a useful file manager was pre-installed ) . so in order to remove some photos/videos , you could start the file manager and look into the " usual locations " . i have put that terminus in quotes , as different apps seem to place them into different locations . most photo apps save their images below /sdcard/DCIM , many use their own folders here . but as that is not related to your " phone storage " ( sdcard , whether internal or external , should never trigger that issue ) , there might be a similar folder on phone storage . irritates me a little , but i have read that before a few times . so make sure to use a file manager supporting this ( alternatives below ) . next to the DCIM folder , also check Pictures , Photos , Video , media , Music , and Documents , if they exist . a good alternative to " local " file managers ( apps that is ) , there is always the option of using adb ( if you have not yet installed it , check out is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . in case you are not used to the unix/linux command line , tools like qtadb might come in handy , offering a graphical file manager ( amongst other things ) . on a rooted device , and with the help of adbd insecure , you could even access the entire file system this way ( careful ! ) .
@al everett is correct . use a shortcut on your launcher , because i do not see any options within the chrome app to change your " home page " . go to bookmarks , add about:blank to mobile bookmarks , navigate there , and then click and hold on the bookmark icon and select " add to home screen " . presto .
there is another one : morse code keyboard
yes , there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rgam.morsekeyboard
opera mobile is a " full " browser performing all rendering activities on your android device . opera mini passes your requests through opera 's servers to render/scale/"tweak " for your device . opera mini tends to be faster . opera mobile tends to hit your device 's resources harder . security folk cringe about opera mini and your traffic going through 3rd party ( yet opera ) servers . think about that before doing your online banking with mini . . . read more in the comparison chart here : http://www.opera.com/mobile/features/
from my experience : opera mini is faster , opera mobile is slow . however if you are too conscious about security use mobile instead .
size : opera mobile is ~20mb , opera mini is barely 900kb . rendering : opera mobile downloads html from web server and renders the website on your phone , opera mini downloads an optimized version ( in opera 's binary markup language/obml ) of the website from opera 's proxy . opera mobile is more resource hungry , on opera mini many of the rendering task is done on the proxy server , which cuts the amount of processing , bandwidth , and memory requirement data usage : opera mini downloads a obml ( opera binary markup language ) from opera 's server , which compresses pages by up to 90% ( according to opera ) . opera mobile downloads the whole webpage from the original site , which can amount to quite a bit of bandwidth ( note that opera mobile can also use opera turbo , which can also reduce bandwidth usage ) . last i checked , zooming in and out and rotating the screen in opera mini would not reflow the text . opera mobile has full javascript support , opera mini only supports a very limited subset of javascript in short , opera mini is much faster and much leaner , which is especially noticeable on less powerful devices and on slow networks ; however opera mini is not a full-featured browser ( and is never meant to be ) . opera mini is much faster on slower network and slower phones . opera mobile is a full-featured browser . it has full javascript , it connects to websites directly instead of going through opera 's server , and it is usable to access intranet websites that opera 's proxy server cannot access .
i use nokia 5320 and i used opera mobile and mini opera mini is faster than opera mobile and low power consuption and less data usage opera mobile use more than battery and more than data usage opera mini is better than uc and other browsers so i suggest every one use opera mini when you have a limite data plan when you have unlimited data plan you used opra mobile .
if you are running net on 2g sim then i recommend you opera mini . but if you are running net on 3g or wifi , then opera mobile would be the best option .
you can not change this . simple solution : do not shut down your phone any more ( except when it runs out of battery ) . if you switch off your screen only , your phone will go to sleep and will not consume much power . if it still eats too much battery , consider disabling wifi , background data , sync or even switching to airplane mode . as noted in the comments the logo is only shown to beautify the startup of your phone and to not show you ugly boot messages as some linux systems earlier did and still do . showing a complex animation does require some computing power but will not delay the startup very much .
as others have said , the boot animation ( samsung logo ) you see during boot is only the pretty face to the bootstrapping going on in the background . that being said , you can in fact change that animation if you do not mind rooting .
it is easy . go to settings , and then tap backup and reset . tap reset phone . if you also want to delete media and other data on htc one , select erase all data . tap ok . you can check htc website also
the actual setting is : settings storage towards the bottom is the factory reset option
settings> accounts> backup and reset> factory data reset
there is no malicous intent you can safely use it . this app has been part of the android open source project ( aosp ) since at least android 1.5 cupcake and cyanogenmod only adapted it . here 's cm 's source code which shows it was only copied from the original aosp code : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_apps_soundrecorder/blame/cm-10.2/androidmanifest.xml here 's the initial aosp version from 2007 which already has the same permission grant : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/soundrecorder/+/e2118f54af4c5215bd988979769e383292b9c9cb/androidmanifest.xml now one may ask why it has this grant in aosp already : i do not know why , it is seemingly not needed .
you may try to install keepscreen application from android market and configure it to disable screen timeout when your timer application is running .
the tasker app should be able to do this as well .
in ICS 4.0.4: open stock browser , click menu , click settings , from the list , got to advanced section , about middle of page , click on default zoom and select medium . in other versions , if available , it is somewhere near that !
fastboot commandline utilisation as per elinux . org is shown below . update: what does update . zip need to look like in general , fastboot flashes only .img files . the update . zip generally consists of .img files which will be flashed to the particular partition . a typical update . zip file to flash via fastboot will have following files and more boot.img recovery.img system.img userdata.img radio.img etc...  flashall: where do the flash boot + recovery + system come from , what format , etc . flashall will flash the system.img , boot.img and recovery.img in the current/path folder . these images can be obtained from the update . zip mentioned above . boot: what is the format of &lt;kernel&gt; and what is the &lt;ramdisk&gt; option in fastboot boot , the &lt;kernel&gt; format is an .img file . i am not sure of the &lt;ramdisk&gt; option . my guess would be to boot a kernel with a modified ramdisk without altering the built kernel ( i am not a developer , sorry ) . this is what i have learnt fiddling with nexus phones . others can correct any obvious errors in the write up .
have you explored the layers option in your maps app ? your saved maps can be shown as a layer . in the following image ( courtsey : howto.cnet.com ) you can see the " my maps " section . expanding my maps will show all your saved maps . it requires a data connection to use this feature . update : while composing this reply , i cross checked my input with the google maps app in my mobile . my mobile is running v2.3.3 and having google maps of version 6 . x . i could see the " my maps " section in the layer and i could overlay one of my saved maps . when i saw op 's comment that " my maps " was not found , i cross checked it with my nexus 7 running 4.3.3 and google maps v7.3.3 . it has indeed no " my maps " at all . after some search , i understood from this page that " my maps " has been removed - may be in favour of google maps for business . update : i just found a new app from google at its play store named " google maps engine " which seems to overlay the stored ( though not the old ones , but only the ones that were created with new google maps for desktop ) maps .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
all the data stored by the app in the folder /data/data/app_name/ will be cleared . you cant specify which data to clear . the app would be like when it was installed or updated .
the trick here is to use a keyboard app with pasting ability . i had success using both hacker 's keyboard ( it has a ctrl screen that you can combine with v to paste ) , and swype ( long pressing on the + ! = key and then in the four arrows key provides a screen where you can paste ) .
in order to understand if the problem is of your phone or of something else , ask your boyfriend if he sees a double-check or just one check ( ✓ ) near the messages he sent you , but you did not receive . if there are two checks , the message was delivered to your phone , but for some reasons it is not shown up . maybe because of a malicious application ? if there is just one check , the problem is on the side of whatsapp as messages are sent to their servers but not delivered to you .
it is saved in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf file . you can open it with any text editor . if you have terminal emulator you can also do this : cat /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
you can also download the app " wifi key recovery " which is a lot easier .
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
opera mini 5 also includes the ability to save / remember a user 's login credentials . lastpass and keepass also have android editions that remember your logins / passwords , although they are not browsers .
the standard android browser does this for me on most ( non-banking type ) websites . when i start typing my username into the login box it shows a drop down of names used in that login box before . selecting one of those fills the password box in too . if you go into the browser and press menu -> more -> settings and then scroll down the settings window to the privacy settings section , there is a tick-box there for remember form data , then if you scroll down a bit further to security settings , there is a tickbox for remember passwords . make sure that both of those are ticked and you should be ok . i am on a galaxy s running the official samsung froyo 2.2 release , and i am sure my old htc magic running stock android donut 1.6 did this too .
there is a lastpass plugin for dolphin browser that is great . it will remember all of your passwords and sync with the desktop if you use lastpass there as well . personally i also prefer the look and performance of the dolphin browser to the stock android one .
i belive it is because you gained the data during the period wi-fi was activated , so when you swithced off your wi-fi , there was still some unread data you had not seen ( in the form of mail and g+ notifications ) . also i recomed , if you are seriously worried about this , and it perseveres , to turn off wi-fi via wireless communications in the settings app .
if you turn off wi-fi , but you have a data plan with your carrier , you will still be accessing the internet using your cellular mobile radio . opening the app and having it say that it is not connected to the internet could thus be because you have poor signal , or you have not used your phone in a while and it is been auto-disconnected from the mobile network to save battery/bandwidth by either the phone or your carrier . you can use airplane mode to turn off both cellular and wi-fi radios .
download the apk files of the stock keyboard and messaging apps and copy them to the current directory . you can also copy them from /system/app/ directory in the system . img file ( use magiciso to mount it ) present in the stock firmware file ( usually . tar ) start an adb session and execute the following lines : mounting system partition as read-write : $ adb shell mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  removing cm 's apps ( change the names ) : $ adb shell rm /system/app/CM_messaging_app.apk $ adb shell rm /system/app/CM_keyboard_app.apk  installing stock apps ( change the names ) : $ adb install stock_messaging_app.apk $ adb install stock_keyboard_app.apk  i would recommend ' hacker 's keyboard' ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboardhl=en ) over the stock keyboard apps though .
my apologies , i just found it . for the benefit of those who have the same problem : it should apply to the other galaxy tab 2 models , too .
in dropbox 2.0.1 ( and in pre-2.0 versions , iirc ) , you can tap on a text file and it can offer to open it in " db text editor " which comes with the app ( or some other editor which has been assigned to open files with . txt extension ) . note that this will not work on just about any other file -- dropbox does not recognize mime types , but rather uses the extension to pick a program to open a file with , even if the file in question contains text . this also works with other file types -- for example , i am able to open my password database from keepassdroid ( extension . kbdx ) .
the "32" in fat32 has nothing to do with the "32" in 32gb ! fat32 is file allocation table in 32 bit and is introduced in 1996 , when there was not any 32gb sd card . according to wikipedia : the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 ( 232−1 ) bytes . so you can not copy a huge 4gb ( or more ) single file to a fat32-formatted sd card . afaik , android os does support ntfs and you may want to use it , as it has many benefits over old fat32 .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
did you try to permaroot anyways ? i would try a factory reset and then try again .
you might want to use sygic if you are in india . it comes with free maps .
+1 for the question , i am really looking for a good answer here . take a look at the answers for a similar/identical question i asked once on forceclose . from the answers there , i think navdroyd will be my choice ( 5 euro only , seems to have ok coverage ) , but i have not tested it myself yet .
i have not had a chance to try it myself yet , but i have heard good things about maverick : maverick for google android - code sector there is both a limited free and pay version .
note : many of these applications use map data from a really cool free map project called osm ( openstreetmap ) , which anyone can contribute to . osm is constantly improving , but in many areas it may lack information like house/building numbers . free : google maps google maps does have some offline functionality , but there are a few catches : the size of the area you can download is limited ( you can not download an entire us state , for instance ) , navigation will not work offline , and some countries or areas are not available for download . instructions for google maps version 6: offline maps overview for version 7 ( available on android 4+ ) : get offline maps osmand open-source , uses data from osm . currently only has 2d navigation , but one of the better free options available . mapfactor osm-based offline navigation . fairly basic but promising . navfree allows you to download maps for offline navigation , also osm-based . there is a separate version for the us . osm has maps for the whole world , but for some reason navfree only has maps available for certain countries , mostly in europe and north america . many others based on osm here : android - openstreetmap wiki paid : copilot live premium copilot live is a very nice , full-featured app , which will let you download maps ahead of time and use gps offline . the us version is normally pretty inexpensive . just make sure you get the " premium " version that includes all the features ; if you buy the " standard " version it does not even include basic features like voice guidance , alternate routes , 3d maps , etc , and you will end up paying more if you buy them as add-ons later ( edit : the standard version does not seem to be available any more , but i will leave this in case they put it back up again ) . skobbler gps navigation and maps osm-based offline navigation with a clean interface . there is a free trial available , but it does not work offline . the paid version includes 1 map for free , other maps range from €2,22 ( for one country ) to €7,77 ( the whole world ) . there are detailed reviews of many android gps apps here : android sat nav apps
i regularly use locus . it does not have much in the way of navigation support ( although i think this is in the works ) , but for off-road and off-line use it is fantastic . it allows downloading of maps for off-line use , supports sqlite and gemf maps , which allow large map ( 2gb limit for sqlite , no realistic limit for gemf ) tile sets on your sd card without wasting masses of space . it also supports vector maps as well as bitmap ones ( more coverage , less disk space ) . it has a very good interface and is well supported . there is a free version with ads which does not support in-app map downloading ( i think ) , although you can use your pc to download the maps . the paid version is not expensive . that all sounds excessively glowing , so i should emphasise that i am not the developer and have no affiliation ; just a very happy user !
have you tried backcountry navigator ? backcountry navigator it has topo maps , open street maps , and aerial photography . it has a 16 day demo and a paid license .
if you are looking for north american maps ( and european maps as well i am told ) , than i can recommend copilot live . it is not free though .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
for england and much of europe , viewranger is great . supports ordnance survey and other official-type maps ; also some open street map projects . but it is absolutely what i would use -- and do -- if i am hiking with a phone . for android - viewranger
google maps 5.0 now supports offline mode !
i used navdroyd when travelling in europe . i did not have mobile service so i downloaded the maps over wifi before setting out . navdroyd successfully guided me from slovakia to croatia through austria and slovenia while driving . i found it less useful while walking , good for orienting oneself , but not on par with google maps for finding points of interest .
maps ( - ) allows to store maps for offline use from openstreetmap , from opencyclemap and from google maps .
have you tried maps with me ? it has a lite ( free ) version and allows downloading maps for an offline usage . also it is very fast : in my experience osmand is much slower even with maps downloaded , although it shows more information .
what are your needs ? just maps ? point-of-interest data ? navigation ? i use mapdroyd , which is free and lets you download openstreetmap data . i see that they have some other products . navdroyd ( paid ) , which is mentioned above by @ripper234 does navigation . traveldroyd , which has point-of-interest information , also seems to do navigation based on the screenshots , but i have not tried it out .
while i do not believe that there are currently any window managers available for android devices ( except where some manufacturers , like samsung may build this in ) there are some other options that may work for you , depending what you are after , by optionally floating some other apps or features over or alongside your current app . there are some third party android web browsers that can " float " a window over your current window , and can be dismissed or brought to the front very easily : overskreen ( formerly known as airbrowser ) , or floating browser flux there are some small utilities like calculators or terminals that can also be floated over your current window . quickdesk is an app that can put a floating toolbar over other apps , giving you quick access to other apps . if you are finding the keyboard is getting in the way , and you had rather it floated over other apps , then you may find some of this question 's answers helpful : how can i “split” the virtual keyboard when typing on a large display in landscape mode ? although it needs custom written widgets/apps , you may also find that the chameleon launcher can do what you want as it specialises in arranging tiled windows of information/apps alongside each other ( website ) .
tested on a samsung note 10.1 ( sm-p605 ) with android 4.3 i found some apps which are supporting multi window , e . g : my files ( * ) stock video player mx player stock email app gmail stock webbrowser ( * ) chrome gallery contacts phone google maps polaris office 5 whatsapp facebook watch now chat on ( * ) google play store but there are really very few apps capable to run with multiple instances ( from the above list only those which are marked with ( * ) ) . so , you can for example open My Files twice ( left and right of upper and lower half screen ) unfortunally , Polaris Office 5 ( pdf viewer ) is not capable to run twice . so if you want to view 2 pdf docs side by side , it seems that you have to install a 2nd pdf viewer app ( see here ) .
as of this writing , only a few android devices offer multi-window functionality out-of-the-box . samsung built this feature into 4.1.2 os version for several of their android tablets ( galaxy note 10.1 and galaxy note 2 , for example . ) there are some major drawbacks to this . first , it is a proprietary samsung feature that only comes with their touchwiz overlay , and therefore is not compatible with " vanilla " android os . second , apps must be specifically written to support this feature .
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
okay go to your home screen click on menu then go to settings , scroll down to manage applications or manage apps . . . click on that then u will be able to see downloaded apps , then apps on your phone storage , and more to your right u will see apps on your sd card go on to phone storage u where u will see all apps that are stored to ur internal memory/phone storage . . and click on the apps u wish to move to ur sd card and it will have all options saying , force stop , uninstall , move to sdcard/phone storage and then clear data . . . what u want is move to sd card so click that then verify by pushing ' ok ' and there u have it . hope this helped . : )
if you have your phone rooted and secondary partition , you can use link2sd . it is good alternative to use .
that very much depends on how you understand the issue -- and what is intended . in this case , using a single account for all devices definitly has one big advantage : managing its apps ( installs/uninstalls ) . if the devices are defined as " school use only " or even for a single class , same applies to the calendar : all class specific events can be defined here ( in the accounts main calendar ) , so noone can say he forgot to write it down . for personal events , each user can add his/her own calendar easily -- so no problem with this either . the contacts /address book can be seen the same way : it could hold the classes contacts , plus the teachers ( as far as needed/wanted ) -- which would make it easier to organize team work . as with calendars , it should be possible for each user to access her/his personal address book additionally ( i never tried this , so i cannot tell for sure ) . so to summarize : if i did not mis-interprete your question , the answer should be a clear " yes " . i use multiple android devices with the same google account myself , and never had any problems with that .
yes . if an app does not work the way you want , or you can not work out how to make it do what you want , it is always appropriate to contact the developer . you can do this via google play : every app has to have an email address or phone number for support , which you can find on that app 's page . many apps also have a " support " or " feedback " option inside the app too . even if the answer is that there is no way to do this and they do not intend to add it , at least you know that from the horse 's mouth , and of course if they get enough requests they may change their mind and add it . and going the other way , even if there was already a really simple way to do it , and they just tell you how to do it , it lets them know that they need to make it easier to find in future .
there is an option in the sipdroid settings ( that appears automatically the first time you start it ) saying whether it should be the default dialer or not . you will need to change that setting .
i do not think that this is at all possible . individual apps for android may be able to be moved to a sd card ( froyo and above required as well as an app that allows this ) but the entire os cannot live on an sd card .
i believe it is possible if your phone has an unlocked bootloader and you are capable of modifying it . i have no idea how to do this but you may find help on stack overflow . you can also check out how the devs that install android on windows phones do it . this site talks about installing android on the sd card for their dual-boot mod . this is probably more work than it is worth . another option , if you are going to be using it on the same exact model of phone and they are rooted : use titanium backup to backup all the apps and settings and then restore them to another phone . this can be done to the sd or to dropbox .
i think the code is 000000 but not certain . i read it somewhere .
can you leave the code blank ? i can . if not , the wii stuff controlling app can start a pairing without key from within .
i do not think it'll work out of the box , you will need an app that has the required code to work around the default bluetooth protocol of requiring a pin for devices to be paired securely . there is an app called wiiscale which allows a user to link the wii balance board with their android device , provided they are rooted . the plus point of course is that it is compatible with cm which you are running . :- ) alternate app : fitscales
try using josm and opendata plugin . to install it just go to preferences ( f12 ) -> plugins-> search " opendata " and install . after importing you can ( as far as i know ) save it as * . osm , and then use osmandmapcreator
as for using another app , google earth can help . as for still sticking to osmand , it depends on your program design . if osmand is your project , you may consider creating a file stream to open the kml files else , passing the intents with the kml file
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
i use gmap2gpx . it loads some javascript into the running tab to do all the work . it is fairly easy to use , just follow the instructions on the site . use " extract full " to generate a reasonably accurate . gpx file ( the basic file just has turn-by-turn instructions and little data besides ) . note : only use it in an incognito instance for added privacy . you must not be logged into google using chrome ( or it will not work for security reasons ) . just launch an incognito instance via " ctrl+shift+n " and do it again there .
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
i am afraid not . if you are not happy with the permissions it uses , do not install it .
you can use a vpn such as hideninja free / paid on google play . it will bypass geo restrictions .
it is because your e-mail was created using a philippine ip address . if you have a android phone , root it . note that this voids warranty , and may have a chance of bricking your phone .
a quite close profile is described at tasker-profile ( google-translate english variant here ) . i will try to give an abstract here : basic data on/off tasks you will need two tasks for this : enable mobile data : net -> auto sync ( set on ) net -> mobile data ( set on ) disable mobile data : net -> auto sync ( set on ) net -> mobile data ( set on ) you may probably skip the " auto sync " part ( especially if wifi comes into play ) , i mentioned it just for completeness . also , the tasker -> psafe variable can be utilized to check whether the device is in power-safe mode ( ~ 1 ) or not ( ! ~ 1 ) . conditions these are the harder part . as for screen on/off , it is easy : event -> display -> display unlocked for active display , event -> display -> display off for display being switched off . the harder part is to check for still running transfers -- i do not know how to do this explicitly , but it probably can be done implicitly via above mentioned %psafe tasker variable : with a running transfer , the device is less likely to be in power-safe mode . you probably need to experiment with this . connect these conditions with the appropriate tasks to create profiles . periodical checks for these you need to add a variable to above tasks : %lcd , giving us the state of the display . so in variable -> variable set name=%lcd -- in 1 . set to 1 ( on ) , in 2 . to 0 ( off ) . now create an additional profile : time : repeat 15min state -> variable value %lcd ~ 0 state -> variable value %psafe ~ 1 so it runs all 15min , but only when the display is turned off and power-safe active . we also need an additional task : net -> mobile data : on net -> auto sync : on tasker -> wait : 1min net -> auto sync : off net -> mobile data : off adjust to your needs . checking for possible transfers in progress again , i am not sure how to check whether there is an ongoing transfer . a possible solution can be found in google groups , but i could not verify this . though , as you might want to try it out , this is the basic extract : it is a profile i created on my droid to experiment with the concept of watching 3g traffic levels . %tg_rx_rate will contain the kb received in the last 10 minutes , and can be used in a context condition . if my phone is just sitting around , the background level network traffic is less than 20 kb per minute . surfing the web , it is 100 kb or way more per minute . your mileage may vary . since /sys is really a virtual folder , the /sys/class/net/ppp0 folder only exists when the 3g interface is turned on . when i turn on wifi , the dir /sys/class/net/tiwlan0 is created instead . ( so by changing the dir path , i can also watch wifi traffic too . )
you need to root your phone and use a file management app that supports root access in order to copy and delete files from /storage/emulated/0 .
well , after much testing , found the destination microsd card had file structure corruption , causing the problem . it was resolved by mounting the microsd card on a pc , copying all the good files to a desktop folder , running gparted to unmount and reformat the microsd card , and copy the files back once the formatting completed . rooting was not required to access /storage/emulated/0 .
while i am not 100% sure , i do remember that this was a thing that would happen , either a function or " bug " . the issue , if you want to call it that , lies within ad ( active directory ) , or the authentication process of your account . exchange server will get your credentials from ad , and ad might let you use your old password for a while after changing , before it finally will reject your old password . of course , this will likely boil down to what server systems are at play , but it is a known " bug " that we have experienced at work . it should however not be a security issue as long as the user is the only person who know the passwords .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
android os updates can be region specific . it depends on the oem builds . in case of samsung , yes . you can update through odin , but other region binary may not have the required operator information or other settings related to your region . i suggest you wait for an update in kies . should be available soon .
typically yes , but i do not know that you could definitively say " always " since there is of course potential that some devices i am unaware of do not follow that pattern . usually , though , there are different firmwares due to regional differences in carrier bands/settings , wifi channels , and other considerations ( localization , possibly ) . as an example , though , take a look at the stock firmware listings for the motorola xoom . there are a whole bunch of different images available , divided up by both model number and region . there is also a thread here where people discuss how you could try to go about flashing a firmware from a different region via odin without affecting your connectivity . i do not know much about the process myself , though , as i have never done this .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
unfortunately , i do not think there is a simple solution . your simple options seem to be : use google music and select a subset of music to keep offline do not use google music for offline tracks ; instead sync them yourself use the " fix incorrect match " button on the web interface to force your low-quality songs to be uploaded ( you can use gmusicapi to automate the process ) make enough noise that google devs take notice ( i am willing to bet their servers support this feature ) one last thing : i was under the impression that matching a song did not automatically get you access to a 320kbs copy . when uploading , the music manager actually provides the bitrate of your copy of the song ( here 's my code ) ; i have seen low quality ( eg 128kbs ) local copies matched and then produce a &lt ; 320kbs copy when redownloaded . so , if you have got time to burn , you could conceivably use this to your advantage : re-encoding to poor quality locally and reuploading may result in lower-quality server matches .
assuming usb debugging is on connect it to the computer via usb and wipe it with adb . if that does not work you could throw it in the microwave .
go to recovery mode of device and wipe data from there . in recovery mode , you need to work with physical keys ( touchscreen does not work in this mode even in normal situation ) . generally , volume keys are used for navigation and home key for enter/ok . how to click wipe data option when i can not see it . see youtube video of your recovery mode or check it in your friends ' device . you can really do it after learning series of keys which needs to be pressed . e.g. down key 5 times , then home key , then down key 3 times and again home key . how to ensure i am in recovery mode when i miss it many times even after proper key combination ? after you think you should be in recovery , leave device idle . if you hear boot music , remove battery , re-insert it and try again . how about ssh/ftp ? its very difficult without working touchscreen because it needs particular app/service running on device . what about other physics based methods like magnetic wiping ? what you see in hacking movies can not be applied in real world . particularly , powerful magnets can affect data on hard disks . device storage does not store data using magnetic attributes . even if you find something which could wipe data such way , i would strongly not recommend it because there is no reason why it can not damage hardware capabilities if it can wipe data from flash storage . in the last , this part is off-topic on this site .
i will assume you actually want to know what ways are there to increase battery capacity of your android device . there're three approaches to this problem . approach one is an internal battery with higher capacity . i do not have any details on whether anker is worthwhile , but it is capacity for say htc desire s is 1600 mah and standard battery capacity for the same htc desire s is 1450 mah , so that does not look like a huge improvement to me - it will be drained in one day of usual use anyway . what is really important is battery reliability - you want a reliable battery with long lifetime ( number of charge-discharge cycles and capacity retainment ) and good safety so that it does not explode in your phone ( that actually happens once in a while with cheap batteries ) and you have to look for such information elsewhere , not on this site . approach two is a spare battery . it is not very convenient - phones are not designed to allow for fast battery swap and phones lose power and their state when a battery is swapped and also charging the spare is a problem , because you either need a charger craddle for that or you use your phone for that and the latter means more battery swapping . approach three is an external battery - there is a lot of such stuff , anker sells that too , they come in a wide range of capacity , some can even be used with netbooks . basically it is a box with a battery inside and a usb cable . you charge the box either of usb ( your computer , laptop , usb hub , phone charger , whatever ) or of mains - that depends on the model . then you can use the box to power any usb device , phone included - the phone will think it is connected to usb and charge through it . this is a rather convenient option - you can temporarily connect your device to the box and charge it fully or partially , you can carry it conveniently in a bag or a pocket and have the device connected to it and use the device at the same time . one big advantage of this approach is that the box can be used with various devices , not a specific model only . one big disadvantage is the thing is relatively expensive . again you need good reliability , lifetime and safety , you should search for that information elsewhere . another disadvantage is that the box itself can be slow to charge - its battery capacity is usually rather high and usb does not provide lot of power , so charging current will be rather low , this might be important for your convenience .
as google 's web frontends get worse each day currently ( there used to be a nice way to merge contact with gmail , but with the latest re-designs i am not sure which features are still left in working order ) , you might wish to take a look at a few app-based solutions : contact remover plus : other than the name might suggest , the plus version also offers to merge contacts , copy contacts between accounts , and move contacts between accounts contrack mentions some " linking " stuff ( but not much details ) the first one looks the most promising in your context . not sure about facebook etc . though , as i do not use those networks .
kadlancer - check out http://www.fullcontact.com . ( full disclosure : i work for them , so i am a bit biased . but the issues you mentioned are exactly the issues we are trying to solve ) . we currently have a web app in private beta that pulls in contacts from various google contacts/gmail sources , as well as facebook , foursquare , linkedin , twitter , etc . it then adds social profile data to each , normalizes and de-dupes them , and syncs them back in real-time . within the next month we plan to roll out our public beta , which will support the linking of all of the above sources - meaning you can unify contacts across all your social networks/google accounts and have all your contacts in one place , automatically up-to-date . because we offer two-way sync in real-time , changes made in google contacts sync to fullcontact , and vice-versa - meaning that your data is your data , and stays where you want it ( no walled gardens ) . again , i work for them , so you had probably be right to take what i am saying with a grain of salt . but based on what you posted , it looks like the fullcontact address book will do almost everything you are looking to do ( with the possible exception of xing , which is currently not supported , but on the roadmap ) . i am not aware of any other app out there that does quite what we do , save smartr - which it sounds like you have already tried . good luck !
found out that the issue is not persisting on nexus 4 and only in nexus 5 . ( thats very strange . ) temporary solution until google fixes this . just root your phone and freeze android system update . that will fix the mysterious data consumption issue .
you could try going to settings→data usage , define a global limit ( can be imaginary , e.g. 5 gb ) , and then scroll to " suspect apps": open their entries , scroll down , and check " limit background data " . then those would not use background data while on mobile data , while working as usual when on wifi or in foreground . that is what i did with e.g. google play ( to keep it from always checking for updates in background ) about half a year ago . no side-effects seen yet . for details , please see my answer here . you might also want to check what will not function properly on device if i disable background data usage for google play store ? other related questions include : “restrict background data” with jelly bean on tf300t asus tablet selectively block 3g access to certain apps how do i enable mobile data only for select apps on a rooted phone ? preventing mobile data use for select apps on non-rooted phone ? and probably several more .
go to settings , scroll down to accounts , click your google account ( s ) , and turn off all the syncs .
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
you can also try double twist .
isyncr works over usb ( mass storage or mtp ) , mac or pc , and also works over wifi . it handles the galaxy nexus just fine . in full disclosure , i am the developer .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
. hbk is htc messages backup extension : you can " write " them only via backup from phone and " read " only via the restore option . see this for more information about how to open or write these files
there are many apps that can backup your smses to your email account or to an xml file . the one i use , called sms backup+ , would upload your smses to your gmail account under an sms label , which can then be printed from your mailbox . there are probably apps than can export to text file as well . edit : or in fact , there are apps that can print your message via google cloud print , e.g. cloud print by paulo fernandes or printer share by mobile dynamix .
one nice alternative to the ones you already have is group sms by tur han available from google play store . it allows you to compose the message and : add first and/or last name to the message text ; select the recipients individually . works pretty good , it is a free app ( small publicity banner ) , with no bugs on my end . shows the progress of each message being sent . if you go to the pro version , things just keep getting better and better : create groups of contacts for quick sending ( friends , family , work . . . ) history keeping and management enhance search bar select/deselect all your contacts with 1 touch template management history track of all messages with statistics add free
if your question is about global language support , you might want to check how do i add a new language ? if you however simply refer to keyboard layouts : this very much depends on the keyboard/ ime used . there is e.g. touchpal keyboard available on the playstore -- and also a lot of language packs for e.g. hebrew , spanish , russian , or even handwriting . same applies to some other keyboard apps , like e.g. anysoftkeyboard ( which even offers a pack for bb-codes used in forums ) , ice cream sandwich keyboard , perfect keyboard , and others . though your question says you are probably rather looking for the former : if it is just for the keyboard , the latter is the easier approach . while installing a complete language pack may provide you with support for your language in other apps , you should be aware the language must also be explicitly supported by that app itself .
first of you need to be clear that cyanogenmod is a custom rom based on android . so versions of cyanogenmod are based on versions of android . e.g. cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 so now straight to your question . yes you can basically do that . once you have downloaded and flashed clockworkmod or twrp recovery for your phone , go in recovery by pressing a combination of hardware keys ( check samsung website or search on google ) . go to backup and restore option and do a backup of your " stock rom " i.e. the original software of your phone . each and everything will be backed up . but also consider doing a backup in samsung kies of your user data . now after backup you are set , go to cyanogenmod website and select the rom for your device and install or flash it as per instructions . ( besides rooting you will also need unlocking your bootloader which will void your warranty ) and anytime when you wish to remove cyanogenmod and go back to original rom go in recovery and select backup and restore and press restore and select the backup file . your rom will be restored as you left it .
usually , this is possible the very same way as you put cyanogenmod on your device : by flashing a rom . so before you start , make sure you either . . . have a stock rom available to flash ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) have created a nandroid backup of your device immediately before you start flashing ( requires a custom recovery , see recovery-mode ) in both cases , you can return to stock rom : either by flashing a stock image ( and then start like after a factory-reset ) , or by restoring the nandroid backup ( and take off at the time you have created it , including all your apps and data ) . two things to consider : there might be dependencies between device-firmware ( rom ) and radio-firmware . so if installing cyanogenmod ( or any custom rom ) goes along with a different radio image , a return might be different ( you might need the original radio image as well ) or difficult ( in case downgrade of the radio is not possible ) . however , cases where this applies are rare . nandroid backup does not take care of your sdcard . so if you have apps installed on sdcard , you need to deal with them separately .
i do not think it is possible to open this file on your computer . it can only be read by the htc sms app . if you still have the sms on your phone you could install sms backup and restore which will allow you to back them up as xml which you can then print from your pc .
in case you no longer have a copy of the sms on your phone , but have backed-up the sms to your pc or email , you need a combination of t0mm13b 's comment and bmdixon ' s answer . as mentioned , it is not possible to open . hbk files on the pc . what you can do is : restore the . hbk to your phone as sms in your sd card , make sure you have a folder called sms_backup . if this does not exist , create it . this will be in the same level as the Android folder . copy the . hbk file to the sms_backup folder restore the sms from the sms settings export the sms as . xml using sms backup and restore email the . xml file to your pc after downloading the . xml file , open it from a program like notepad or microsoft word , and print . take note that xml has a weird structure , so expect to see a lot of tags ( in greater than and less than signs ) .
it is not a problem with 2.2 in general , although it may be specific to 2.2 on the optimus . ( did you ever have 2.1 ? ) this should normally only happen when the sd card is manually dismounted from the phone settings or by connecting the device to a computer . it might be an app causing this problem -- you could use titanium backup to " freeze " your apps one by one until you hopefully discover the culprit .
i suppose this might happen if the sd card is losing its connection , although that would be more troubling . have you checked to ensure that the sd card is well-seated in its slot ? ( this assumes , of course , that you can access the card . ) another worrying possibility is a flaw with the card itself .
i had a similar problem that was fixed by formating the card in the phone . settings -> sd card and phone storage settings -> unmount sd card . then format the card on the same screen .
i just discovered that this is not a random error . it occurs with some sd cards when you touch the proximity sensor of the phone . the screen becomes black and inactive and then the sd card is removed from the phone . i hope this will help to solve the issue
the problem is resolved with the new update available from lg
if your phone is on the same local wi-fi network as your computer then you could use airdroid for this . if it is not , then remote desktop offers a terminal emulator , so you could use that to uninstall the app from the command line : pm uninstall app.package.name  alternatively , you could set up an ssh server and then use the above pm command . is there some ssh server for android ? is a good place to start if you need ssh server software . also note that using pm uninstall from outside adb shell - such as in a terminal emulator - will require root . i am unsure if airdroid requires root for its uninstall feature .
appbrain provides this feature . but you have to get an account and install the appbrain app .
though it went unmentioned during today 's google i/o keynote , the google play website now offers the option of updating and/or uninstalling apps from android hardware directly in the browser . by heading to the " my android apps " tab of the play portal , you will see a list of all applications that reside on your smartphone or tablet ; users with multiple devices can view a breakdown of what apps are installed where . though sorting is alphabetical , apps with pending available updates will be listed first . clicking a gray update button will immediately start the download on the target android product , though sadly there is no " update all " option just yet . uninstalls are equally as simple : selecting the trash can icon underneath each app first brings up a warning dialog that acts as a nice safeguard against unintentional deletions . clicking through this leads to the immediate removal of the app in question from your device . source : http://www.theverge.com/2012/6/27/3121959/google-play-website-update-uninstall-android-apps
just a suggestion : is it possible that you have swype on the kill list in your task killer ? ( note : i have a droid as well , and have not experienced this . i do not run a task killer though . also , i could not live without swype . )
good question . . . i am experiencing this currently although the app is already living on my phone . a quick fix for me seems to be un-selecting swype as the alternative keyboard ( see steps below ) and then re-selecting it . then i will then have to reset swype ( i.e. . long-press in a text field , select input method and select swype ) . Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard &gt; Swype 
try relicensing it . that has worked for me in the past .
i believe this problem was caused by having swype installed to the sd card . moving swype back to the phone 's internal storage seems to have fixed the problem . Settings--&gt;Applications--&gt;Manage Applications--&gt;Swype--&gt;Select "move to phone" 
your restriction ( no 3rd party apps ) will keep a better fitting answer away , i would say . what you describe is a task not for tasker , but for . . . oh , i shall not mention it you wrote . . . your problem is most likely that tasker very well catches the boot_completed event , but the apps to kill have been waiting for the same . so when tasker looks to kill them , they are not yet started . your task thus finishes without anything done , and whoop ! then the unwanted apps start . so if you really want to do this via tasker , i would insert a Tasker -&gt; Wait at the very beginning of the task . play with the values , start with 15s and increase in 15s steps until either it works or your reach a point where it is unlikely to work ( say e.g. 2 min , or you see the apps have started and your task did not kill them ) . if that still does not work , combine it with switching the condition : in case tasker really cannot catch the boot_completed ( well , tasker itself is started then ) , switch to " monitoring start " , and start over with 15s wait again . finally , though you did not want 3rd party apps , just in case you re-think that : autorun manager does this job quite fine , without any hazzle . on rooted devices , it even can disable other intents than just boot_completed listeners .
after using mobile network and you disabled it , you will receive a notification in black background about your balance internet gb/mb or charged price for internet usage ( as like what you received now in the picture )
airtel system has some bugs . the usage is not shown properly and i will advise to install an app that would manage your data account . which can show your real usage .
install greenify . it will stop all background processes and save memory , battery and unwanted network connectivity .
from your screenshot , it is apparent that you are using a dual sim phone and that data roaming is enabled on one of those sim cards . i have never used a dual sim phone but i read on a forum that at any point of time only one of the sim cards can be used for data while the other is on standby or being used for a voice call . make sure both your sim cards have data disabled . also disable data roaming for both sim cards . use these screenshots for reference : check your data usage in Settings&rarr ; Data usage to see what is using your data connection make sure Data roaming is disabled for both sim cards
several . you have opera mini . you have firefox 4 beta version ( the newest ) . you have skyfire ( great one , and fast ) and dolphin browser . all of them with pros and cons . you have them in the android market
the default browser is , as far as i can make out , simply called ' browser ' , and is based on the webkit rendering engine . android 2.2 and above use the v8 javascript engine . the combination of webkit and v8 make the browser very similar to desktop chrome . there is a similar question here : which is the android 's default browser ? .
it is an android version of chromium , which is what google built on top of webkit . the browser we call chrome is built on top of chromium with separate versions for windows , os x and linux . some functionality was removed or slimmed down for the android version . it is similar to safari and mobile safari in the sense that much of those apps code are webkit , and on top of webkit there is similar/identical code between the two , but they also have many parts of the code that are completely different . google was just up for open sourcing chromium http://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/home
the web browser utilizes webkit for rendering . webkit was originally forked by apple from the khtml rendering engine , which powers the konqueror web browser/file manager . the webkit engine has been open source from the beginning and is used in many browsers including apple safari , google chrome and a few other smaller browsers . the android browser 's javascript engine is google 's v8 engine , which is also used in chrome . however , i disagree with the previous two answers above . chromium is the open-sourced code base from which google chrome is derived , but i believe the android browser has it is own codebase . i do not think the android browser derives from chromium , which contains code for integrating with window management , tabbing , extensions and many other features that are well-suited for a desktop experience . browsing on a mobile phone is a different experience and i believe that google android browser application is not derived from the chromium code base directly , though it does implement components that are built into chromium as well .
the default browser is based on webkit ( same as chrome ) . it also has the same v8 javascript engine . so i would say android 's default browser is a modified version of chrome .
every version of android has a " android browser " that is basically a cut of the open source chromium browser . for example , the android browser that lives in the aosp v4.4 ( kitkat ) is based on the same code as chrome v30.0.0 . applications that use webviews use this android browser ( not the user 's default browser ) . https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/webview/overview http://decadecity.net/blog/2013/11/21/android-browser-versions
make sure that your facebook account is set to sync contacts ( settings -> accounts and sync -> facebook -> sync contacts ) . then in the contacts app , select a contact -> hit the menu button -> join contact -> select the contact to merge .
first , in the facebook app , go to settings -> sync contacts -> check either sync all or sync with existing contacts . then in the contacts app , go to display options and find your facebook account in the list , then check all contacts . they should show up in your contact list then . to join them with existing google contacts , go into one of the contacts , edit it , hit menu and select join , then find the other contact and select it .
for this to work seamlessly you would need an smb server on your phone . there is such an app , available via this forum thread . it needs root , and it looks like results vary by device . at least one reason why root is required is that normal users are not allowed to open ports below 1024 , whilst by convention , smb servers use ports 135-139 . an alternative is the on air ( wifi disk ) app , available in the market . whilst not quite seamless , this does give you access to your sd card via appletalk , webdav or good old ftp . i have just tested with an htc desire hd and windows xp over webdav and it appears to work well . the windows xp webdav client is a bit ropey , but that is not really the fault of android or on air : ) the on air app itself warns of issues using the built-in webdav clients for vista and windows 7 , and recommends a standalone client .
well in that case u can use software data cable in your android phone . it'll install the ftp server on your phone and you can get access to your phone storage from the browser . . remember they should be in the same network . . . .
only the root user can set the date . if your phone is already rooted , just type su enter to get into a root shell , then the command you want to run . if your phone is not already rooted , you will need to get root access first . see how do i root my android device ?
1 ) what is the code name for the sprint nexus s 4g which is a cdma phone but not a the verizon codename ? the crespo codename is the gsm variant of the nexus s ( verizon never carried it ) . sprint 's ns4g is simply codenamed crespo4g . 2 ) does that link have the proper roms for this phone ? no , those are all for the gsm crespo version . 3 ) other options ? i need to flash this back to 2.3.6 where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? covers your options pretty well . in this case , the first heading of the answer will be a good start : google flagship updates google hosts update packages for the flagship nexus devices at http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ . you can not browse that link directly , but web search is your friend here . search for that link plus the code name of the device and the version you want ; for example , searching android.clients.google.com/packages crespo ics results in a lot of pages with this link -- the ota ice cream sandwich update for the t-mobile nexus s . searching for android.clients.google.com/packages "crespo4g" gingerbread returns a number of results . one of them is this xda thread , with a collection of links to stock firmwares .
for information about seeing log messages , look at the answers to how can i view and examine the android log ? note that the behaviour is different between 4.1-jelly-bean and prior versions . android users do not work like users on a normal gnu/linux system , so unlocking the lock screen is not a " login " in the same way that logging into a terminal session , through an x display manager , or via the network are on a gnu/linux box . failed attempts to unlock the lock screen are not logged . the log is meant as a debugging aid , and log messages are not stored forever , so the lock screen application would have its own way of storing failed attempts . in general , the android engineers at google like to keep the logs quiet on production devices , so system apps have a lot of logging that is turned off in the official build . there is nothing to stop a device oem , or an unofficial rom , having more logging for failed unlocks ( or any other events ) . you could compile your own rom to achieve this , but doing so is way beyond the scope of this site .
if the application has been downloaded previously , and the certificates does not match , android will display the same error . make sure you have uninstalled any previous versions of the application and then reinstall the application . if you can not find your application in the app drawer , you should go into setting-> application manager and then uninstall the application . or the second reason may be that the app is not compatible with your android version .
have you tried going to your contacts - menu - more - display options ? you should see your various accounts where there is an arrow to expand and check boxes for those particular groups ( well , there is on mine ! :- )
after reading and trying a number of internet tutorials on the subject , i found a simpler answer . the screws were loose . turns out the nexus s gps antenna is dependent on getting a good connection between the two halves of the case . tightening up the screws in the image did the trick . these screws control the pressure on the antenna contact and provide a ground connection between the two case halves : loosening the screws resulted in poor gps performance again . other tutorials have you bending contacts , soldering and/or adding a second internal antenna . it is possible the writers simply screwed the case on tight after making otherwise ineffective changes . opening the case to clean the contacts may also help .
use partition manager . make partition in un-allocated space of pen drive then save the same . now pen drive works .
mine works . . . i have loads of passwords saved on my work computer and they are available on my tablet .
did you try whatsapp ? it is available on both ios and android . google voice is the best option though if available in your country .
two ex-googlers created the app mightytext . give it a try : " send and receive sms and mms from your computer or tablet , using your current android phone number . messages stay in sync with your phone 's sms inbox . " " sms directly from gmail on your computer . " " text from [ your ] phone as [ you ] normally would . . . in the u.s. or international . " disclaimer : i have not actually tested it in australia ; ) but i would be happy to hear if it works for you !
since you are in australia , i would suggest trying t0mm13b 's suggestion of viber . you will have to " validate " your account with viber in a location that you have mobile data connection , according to this article , first , but then you should be able to use the service just fine on wifi . if available , google voice is a good option . you will be able to send and receive sms from it on both mobile network and wifi . it is probably your best option as it does not require the other person to have a different application to be able to receive the messages . most of them will require the person receiving the message to have the same application . google voice does not require the other person to have a special application . it will send the messages as sms . it will , however , require you to use the google voice application to send the messages .
try bluestacks app player on your computer . you can download any android app in it and use it on computer .
you generally do not need to edit the boot . img to root your phone . what is your phone model , so we can give you the instructions ? edit : to root a galaxy nexus , first you have to unlock the bootloader , which is really easy since the gnex is a dev phone , just google how to unlock the bootloader , and follow the instructions . i recommend droid-lifes tutorial , but anyone should do . then all that is left is the rooting . first you have to download this zip file then unzip the file anywhere on you computer , like c:\gnex\ install the samsung drivers that are in the zip after you have installed the drivers , turn the phone of and connect the usb to your computer and phone . open a command prompt from the start menu , then move to the directory you unzipped the file to ( e . x . cd c:\gnex ) now you have to boot your phone into fastboot mode , by pressing and holding both the volume-up and volume-down buttons and then press the power button . next , type fastboot devices into the command prompt you opened earlier , and check that your phone is in the list . now we have to soft-boot an insecure boot image by typing fastboot boot boot.img into the command prompt when the phone has rebooted , open settings , and go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and check in the USB debbuging option . now execute all of these following commands , after each other , in the command prompt : adb root adb remount adb push su /system/bin adb push superuser . apk /system/app adb shell chmod 06755 /system/bin/su adb shell chmod 06755 /system/app/superuser . apk now your device should be rooted and ready .
go to settings -> backup and reset . then check ' backup my data ' and ' automatic restore ' . an alternative is to use an app like ultimate backup or titanium .
the google does not saves your apps . i have tryed that . i was downloaded 380 mobile security and it detected 40 viruses . i pressed clean all and a rescaned : the viruses was not removed . i performed a factory reset and the viruses was removed . this is the solution when you have many viruses on android . my tablet model is:maxwell maxtab h10
forget the wifi network you are trying to connect to from your mobile . turn off your router and turn it on . try connecting to this wifi network again
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
nope you can not . android phones are a bit " blocked " for other oses to be run and installed on the device . . . by the way the first approach for this can be found at hd2 toolbox and hot bootloader , which may help developers to build boot some other oses on top of android . different from the windows mobile era , that for example my htc touch pro2 can run android ( fully featured ) and ubuntu ( with some restrictions ) , not to mention al those oses that have been ported to the htc leo ( hd2 ) .
remember the milk . ( rtm ) at least adding a todo from the widget is possible . you can use the widget to open the list of todos the widget is configured to display and then delete / mark as complete tasks . you can share tasks with other rtm users ( i.e. . your wife ) . tasks do not automatically go away from the widget ( unless you configure it explicitly via a smart list ) .
have you considered todo . txt touch ? ( while it is $2 in the market , if you do not care about getting automated updates , you can download it for free from the author 's site . ) it expands on the simple philosophy of todo . txt where your to-do list should just be a simple text file . while you will need to use dropbox and share the file , once it is set up you do not really need to touch it except on your phones . here 's how you had set it up ( assuming you and your wife share a computer ) : set up your todo . txt in a todo directory in dropbox ( basic dropbox is free and is a great tool ) install todo . txt touch on your phone and give it your dropbox credentials repeat step 2 for your wife 's phone now you have a shared , as-powerful-or-as-simple-as-you-need to-do resource here 's how you had set it up ( if you and your wife do not share a computer ) : set up your todo . txt in a todo directory in dropbox share your todo directory with your wife 's dropbox account install todo . txt touch on your respective phones , using your own dropbox credentials now you have a shared , as-powerful-or-as-simple-as-you-need to-do resource it seems like it might be a lot of work , but it is not . further , you only need a simple text editor to work with your todo . txt file while at home .
i think this could be a problem with your apache configuration . maybe the server is not listening on the correct address ? check that the server is set to listen to all relevant ips or all of them with a wildcard if necessary .
best thing to do would be to check your apache logs and see if you are indeed getting a http request from your phone . if you seeing entries as requests from the phone then it could be an issue with the apache setup . if you are not getting any log entries then most likely the issue is from the device 's side .
it needs to be a google contact . your voice request is sent to google 's servers to be parsed and it looks for the information in your google contacts . the server can not query your phone . see this google help thread .
this says you should be able to use the " google drivers " after some minor tweaking . if your device came with any software for your pc , it will have the " official " drivers though , and i recommend using them . you must have android sdk installed before you can proceed . if you don’t have it already , proceed to our guide on what is adb and how to install it . make sure you download the google usb driver package as well . open the google-usb_driver folder that you will find inside your android sdk folder . open the android_winusb . inf file in notepad or any text editor to edit it . add these lines under [ google . ntx86 ] or [ google . ntamd64 ] depending on whether you are using 32 bit or 64 bit windows . if unsure , it is safe to add these under both these sections . ; nvidia tegra %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_0955 and pid_7000 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_0955 and pid_7100 and mi_01 don’t edit or replace any other text that is already there ; just add these new lines and save the file . open a command prompt window and enter this command : echo 0x955 > > "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini " you will also have to enable usb debugging in settings -> applications -> development . edit i would try this first : this site has the " official " drivers for the tablet . you will still have to enable usb debugging , as i mentioned above .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hélène=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
when you are in the browser , open the menu , choose More | Settings and select " set home page " .
not a direct answer , but there is an effort underway to improve the mobile versions of the stack exchange sites . stackexchange-url i have used my android browser to interact with the stack exchange sites and it works pretty well .
there is " droidstack " which allows to browse the questions , users , tags and monitor for statuschanges , but it does not allow you to question yourself or write an answer . but you can open the current question , user , whatever in your favorite browser anytime . this comes closest to writing . there are other tools , with similar restrictions , but i think droidstack is the best of the ones i tested so far . the problem is , that writing to any se-site is ( currently ) not allowed via api , only via webinterface . writesupport is planned for api-version 3.0 , and will be bound to other reputationlevels then via web as stated in " announcing api version 1.1" on stackapps.com?
stack exchange app is there in google play . you can ask question using this app .
with audio muter you should be able to set the media volume to silent , however it is a paid app .
realsilent may do the trick for you : there is a bug report for this issue , but it has not been acknowledged by google .
do you have an ics rom installed ? i have that same issue with t9 keyboard on the galaxy nexus . i reported the issue to nuance but they claimed the t9 does not support ics . you can fix it by holding down the backspace key until the whole field is cleared , then switch to a non-sliding keyboard to enter the info in the To: field .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
you can extract the apk file ( which is just a jar/zip file ) and find the folder where the app stores the images , it is usually in the res folder , but it may be different place . if the app use apk expansion , then the image may also be stored in the expansion file . note that you may be violating the copyright of the developer by using these images , it is better if you contact the developer and request permission to use these images .
you should be able to see them within gmail or your google account here
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
the app is most likely asking you for ps2 's original bios files . usually bios files are copyrighted by the manufacturer , and are illegal to distribute . you will have to do your own research on how to obtain them . your best bet of getting developer 's support is over at their sourceforge site , which seems to be the origin of the app .
the best answer is that you can not . apps act on their programming and unless you plan to modify significant parts of android , what you want is not easily done ( if at all ) .
if you search for has:attachment within the gmail app then you should see emails which have attachments .
gmail attachments ( i think ) are stored on the server until you download them . when you do they end up in your downloads folder on sd/flash , so you can open the folder with file manager .
there is a free app called attachment inbox free which searches through your mail applications cache for attachments and provides a great search engine for your attachments , including filtering by type and search result ordering by date , type , size , name .
strange issue , due the fact you have a custom kernel it might be a better plan ( hope you do not have any important things on your phone ) to completely wipe your phone and reset to stock . so from cwm just wipe system , ( dalvik ) cache , install fresh . zip from the internal sd ( suppose you can mount the usb in cwm ) and ( re ) install a clean rom , install gapps and modem [ optional ] , fix permissions , boot phone , good to go . if you can not grab a proper logcat/last_kmsg it is difficult solving this issue to be honest . if it is solved just be sure to make a nandroid backup and then flash a custom kernel , if something goes wrong you can just reset it back to the current ( working ) state .
i cant find that option in my nexus 7 . it seems they have removed this in jellybean or kitkat . this is what i do . settings> apps> all> contacts> clear data , clear cache settings> apps> all> contacts storage > clear data , clear cache this will clear all the database of the people app .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
as eldarerathis already mentioned : on many ( if not most ) devices supporting an sd card , this card is mounted with the noexec option -- which means as the name suggests : " no exec from here " , i.e. you cannot execute anything from the sdcard . again , one solution was already mentioned by eldarerathis : try a different storage . you have got the power , your device is rooted . a second approach would be to re-mount the sdcard without the noexec option . but there is a good reason why noexec is used here ; it at least offers an additional level of security . so before using this approach , you should research a bit whether it might trigger unwanted side-effects .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
i do not know for sure if this is your only problem , but i am posting it as an answer just in case . you seem to be confused about adb commands . adb shell foo  is a command that tells adb to open a shell on the device , and run the command foo on the device , whatever you say there for foo . therefore , the command you have been running , adb shell recovery  does not tell the device to go into recovery mode : it tells the device to run a command named recovery , while android 's still running . from your description , it sounds like this is the same program that the recovery mode uses , but it is not intended to be run while android is running . it is writing to the screen directly , without going through android , which is why it keeps disappearing and can not accept input . it is actually pretty sloppy work on the part of the manufacturer that you can run this program at all from within android . in the same way , the command you want to use to reboot into the bootloader is adb reboot-bootloader  ( on newer adb versions you can replace the hyphen with a space if you like . ) there is no shell in the command , because this is an instruction to adb , not a command to run on the device .
from a developer 's point of view ?
similar to this question which asks about 2.2.1 , there do not seem to be any real " changelogs " made available for android updates . however , you can look at their git repository to see the commit log . here 's the shortlog for the 2.3.4_r1 tag . the summary : mostly bugfixes , and the addition of video/voice chat for the google talk app . apparently this is only enabled on the nexus s since the nexus one does not have a front-facing camera , but i do not know that for certain . in any case , the video/voice chat could probably be made to work on the nexus one somehow considering that it has already landed on the cyanogenmod codebase ( and the latest nightly builds ) , so it is more or less working on other " unsupported " phones already . i know the evo has a working implementation in the latest cm7 nightly build , though it did crash when i tried to switch to my rear camera ( not that i would really need to do that ) .
mobile data does not have anything to do with the gps . go to your settings , then go to location access under Personal , and then turn both " wifi and mobile network location " and " gps satellites " off . that should turn your gps on the phone completely off . you can also look in your settings to see if you can set up a toggle to quickly turn the gps , as well as many other services on or off just by swiping down from the top notification bar .
in this link they provide you with some usefull commands to try to get the contacts . basically , you need to install the android sdk , but i think you need to have the usb debugging option on in your phone . not sure if you need root also . the path to the contacts database might vary from manufacturer to manufacturer .
are you sure you are rooted ? if so , have you tried su -c chmod 0644 /system/build.prop ? or you can also try entering su first and then the chmod command next . to pull the build . prop : adb pull /sdcard/build.prop or maybe you can just replace the one in /system with the one on your sdcard : su cp /sdcard/build.prop /system/build.prop chmod 0644 /system/build.prop 
for future reference , this was my related case ( involving a nexus 4 ) : i tried to bring my phone back to the original state ( bootloader locked + stock rom ) . now fastboot devices did not show the device where adb device did , until i put the phone in fastboot mode ( this makes sense , but took me a while to figure out . . . ) to put the nexus 4 in fastboot mode : power off the nexus 4 . press and hold the volume up , volume down and power buttons now fastboot devices found my phone and the restore could continue :- )
to make the system reconize the android device , in their several modes , one needs to set permissions for his user in udev . you need to repeat this process of loading android udev ids , for every mode the phone has ( operating system , bootloader or recovery ) because they have different usb ids
personally i had to run fastboot as root/sudo for fastboot to detect the device . i tried this on linux as i do not own a mac , but it is *nix anyway ; )
i had the same problem with infocus m512 , recognized by adb but not by fastboot when in download mode . i have found that specifying vendor id with -i works ( 0xid ) fastboot -i 0x0489 worked for me .
i have htc desire too . i do not know what causes this problem , but i fixed it by mounting it on a windows computer and checking the filesystem on the card . i tried it on a mac first , but osx disk utility could not fix the problems it found .
i had the same problem with stock 2.1 rom . after the ota update to 2.2 , the problem vanished .
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
in htc wildfire there is option in Settings -&gt; Sound &amp; display Quiet ring on pickup Reduce ring volume when I move phone ) . it might be the same option or similar in nearby .
if you are looking for adb logcat output , it is not necessarily stored on a file in the android sdk directory . in order to access it , follow the following steps ( assuming you have the sdk installed correctly ) : 1: plug in your phone . 2: type adb devices in your terminal or cmd prompt if you get a result like " command not found " , you may need to navigate to the platform-tools/ directory inside the sdk folder using the cd [directory] command . if you get a " list of connected devices " result , but the list is empty , then you have a configuration error . you may need drivers for your phone , etc . . . 3: type adb logcat . the terminal/cmd prompt will begin to output logcat messages in real time . you can do what you want with the output , including save it to a file .
i believe this is a combination of two things , as i used to experience this with my evo as well . crappy charger as ce4 stated , car chargers are often usb trickle charge , and will not do much . going for the good , sometimes more expensive powered car chargers or dc/ac converters might help you out there heat my phone would get so hot just from being in the car and being on ( i do live in florida . . ) that the battery would function very poorly . heat also degrades the battery in the long run , so bummer there too .
it is probably your charger . i tested my nexus s with the following : dumb charger ( only had +/- lines connected ) , capable of 2amps ( 2.000ma ) inlined voltage meter to measure currents brightness maxed , set cpu to 1.2ghz , performance governor , benchmark running the device adhered to the usb standard and never draw more than 500ma ( 0.5a ) , although the charger is capable of 4x more current . it lost 2% percent during &lt ; 5mins when the benchmark ran . i know that apple encodes power settings into their wall chargers by setting voltages to d+/d- pins of the usb connector . i am not aware of how to tell the phone to just draw more power and dismiss the usb 's 500ma safety regulation . if you have such a charger , give it a try . edit : i could fix my own nexus s ' charging behaviour by using a kernel with force ac fast charge option enabled ( for example trinity kernel for nexus s / android 4.0-ics ) and this fastcharge widget .
i have had this happen to me . what i did that helped a bit was to turn the screen off when i was on a long stretch and did not need to see my next direction for a long while .
it might just be the cable you use , i recently got a powerbank and i found out that my device charged slower when i use a regular usb cable with it ( even drains faster than it charges when using the phone at the same time ) but when i plug in the cable supplied with the powerbank it charged as fast as it does when i use a regular ac charger , i tried the same thing with my computer and the result was the same . i would suggest you swap your usb cable ( which supports data and charging ) for one that can only charge the device .
i just noticed , after a recent update to google maps , that there is now an option for screen dimming when in navigation mode . the description reads : screen dims between instructions to conserve power i have not gone on a long enough trip to test the functionality , but it looks promising . update this feature appears to only be available when not plugged into the charger , so not very useful in my scenario .
the standard fmradio is designed specifically for that chipset employed by the htc one , you will have difficulty in finding support for that said chipset hence the radio fm apps you see on the play-store may not have the support for it . vital questions : which htc one model are you referring to ? after consulting pdadb .netthere seems to be a few of them ? what android version are you referring to ? do not forget one important matter about the standard fm radio , more then often , if not likely , it will have supporting libraries found in /system/lib and commonly enough , if an attempt to copy the apk of the app and install it elsewhere will fail either due to missing dependencies on the libraries in question or the chipset does not have the kernel support either . the mileage will vary depending on the above .
free option : nextradio by sprint says specifically it is not a streaming services , but uses the fm tuner in your phone . it says it is only for a few sprint phones , but appears to be installable on my galaxy nexus and moto x , so it should be available for your htc one play edition . about : key features : tune in to local fm stations on your phone find radio stations by genre or frequency in the guide uses 90% less data than streaming music get 3x better battery life compared to streaming music note : for another possibly free option , see the conversation below . paid option : as stated on android central , the spirit fm app will do the trick on the htc one play edition : if you are an average phone user , and do not know what android " rooting " is , spirit will likely > not offer you much more than your stock fm app . if your phone does not have a stock fm app , > it is unlikely that spirit will work on it . spirit is mostly for android enthusiasts who " root " and " rom " their phones . but it also works > on many stock , " store bought " phones . . . . this works with : . . . htc : one stock , google play edition and aosp one x lte ( at and t ) lte / one s . . . this is a paid option , but has been quoted to work on your device and you can always refund within 15 minutes if it does not . i had a conversation with an htc representative and while he said it should be possible , he could not give me any specifics . the conversation is below . wes : thank you for contacting htc chat . hello jacob . yes y ou can but y ou may need to download as a third party app . jacob : do you know of any ? the only ones i can find are internet radio ones , i would like to utilize the fm tuner hardware jacob : or do you know of a place i can download the app from the non-play edition ? wes : i really am not sure what 3rd party app that would be workable . wes : sorry for the inconvenience . jacob : would htc be able to provide the app from the original htc one ? wes : that would be a pre installed app . there isnt really a link for them . jacob : i know . that is why i wanted to ask an htc representative wes : i am looking into it at the moment . wes : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=fm%20radio tell you the truth though , the second is simply fm player and it looks promising , but states it is only for motorola devices .
i will put this altogether here . google and some oems do not seem to be supporting fm anymore , as evident in the nexus 4 and 5 not having any fm hardware built in . the samsung galaxy s4 also are carrying on this trend . the theory being that there are internet raido services that can stream thousands of channels . which does not suit everyone . the theory is that it saves space for the hardware and cost in manufacture . android forums discussion on the lack of fm on nexus 5 this xda thread suggests it is not possible however there are fm apps out there . this is a very lowly reviwed fm app on the play store that claims to use the tuner . update : does not work on htc one . this xda thread has an attached apk for an fm tuner that may work . i have not tested , the usual warnings about unknown sources applies , of course . another xda fm radio for rooted devices there is one more here the one that is most recommended that i have found is spirit fm which specifically states that no internet connection is required . try them out , see what works , and most of all be wary of permissions and apps you are not confident about .
if you still have the warranty left it is best to change the battery , but the problem could be because of overcharging and discharging of the battery it has happened to a friend of mine who had a samsung galaxy s3 and after 3 months after purchase he had his battery replaced by warranty . the reason they gave was that he was using the charger on for too long and it had affected the battery . personally it does not occur a lot but if it does its better to check it at a service center and get to know the problem clearly instead
it should not matter whether you are looking at it in the android browser or the facebook application as either way on someone 's timeline at the top there is a photos link with the latest picture of them as the thumbnail for it . clicking on this will take you their photos . the person 's albums will be displayed at the top of the photos page and the photos of that particular person below that .
there is a default aosp email . apk that is easy to setup with exchange--- i suppose you would have to be rooted in order to get the email . apk into your /system/app but you can get one from : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/latest_version/google_apps and http://goo.im/gapps/ but you do not necessarily have to be running cm-- just make sure the base version matches up to yours . most rooted roms come with a good exchange app--- if you prod around forum . xda-developers . com , you could probably find one that does not require root access to install .
the stock email cient is not working after i updated ics 4.1.2 cyanogenmod 10 . i am using nito desk touchdown and its very reliable .
though i know of no definite way , i would suggest looking them up on appbrain . additionally to the " permissions " tab we had in playstore before their " win-8 relaunch " , that site offers a tab " permissions and concerns " , where some things are pointed out . it might also be worth taking a look at their search results : spam apps are " filtered " at appbrain , so they show up single-line instead of full-heights in the result list . while all that might only give indicators ( and no definite answers ) , it is one step in the desired direction at least . a second step would be searching the web for reports . including the app names ( with links ) in your question might also give you the chance somebody here recognizes the one or other .
the app does this because you are not in navigation mode , you are browsing the route . it zooms out to fit the entire route on your screen when you reorient the device . if you do not want it to zoom , press the navigation button in the lower right corner and optionally switch off voice navigation .
im able to get samsung apps market app on my phone with no sim card it can etect country via wifi , works on galaxy s3
no , the samsung apps market will not start without a sim card , because the card is used to determine the country of the user . there is an app called " kies air " which allows you to connect your device to the kies app installed on your pc over wifi . but i doubt that you are able to upgrade the os this way . it is more meant for synchronization ( calendar , email , . . . ) use . imho you need a usb cable to update the sgs , either with kies or odin/heimdall .
there is probably no kies app for android , as @onik notes in the comments . i was mistaken probably when i thought that there is one .
take it to the samsung care and fresh install the kitkat rom all your problems will be solved . if you don wana go to samsung care go to sammobile . com find the suitable firmware and flash your device using odin .
i was surprised there was no official google app . i am using cloud print on my galaxy s3 .
i had an issue connecting with esfe to a win7 pc . this did the trick for me : go to network adapter configuration -> tcp ip 4 settins -> wins -> enable netbios over tcp/ip . esfe is looking for netbios over tcp/ip because android probably does not natively run netbios protocol .
when you input the username , use host\shashi where host is the netbios of the windows machine you are trying to connect to : that is , the name that it is listed under after you scan for machines to connect to .
as far as i know this is not possible . imho , it contradicts google 's incentive to have an as best as possible geolocation service . some background information : google maintains a huge database for its geolocation service ( "access coarse location " permission ) . it consists of : wifi access point mappings : wifi mac address resolve to a geolocation cell tower mapping : cell tower id 's resolve to a geolocation this database is " community " crowd-sourced by the huge android user base , aka . everyone that has google 's location service enabled ( see below ) google is interested to have a high quality database , i.e. convince you to opt in to allowing your phone to be part of the crowd-sourcing hence : if you want to use ' coarse location ' services from google you opt in to constant data mining as long as it is enabled ps : disabling wifi only cuts you off from one of the possible information sources . having cell tower id 's will still give you coarse location , but with lower accuracy some may recall the skyhook vs . google dispute where google seemingly pressured motorola and samsung to prefer google 's own geolocation service over that of skyhook ( out of fear for losing part of the crowdsourcing community if those two big players would have used the 3rd party skyhook service ) . source : theverge
it must be user error , because nxp tagwriter and tagstand writer both let me select fields from a contact to include now . i did switch to a contact in the phone as opposed to browsing for a vcf file .
i have found nfc tools to be a good app for this . you can write several default tag types , but they also offer a " raw " format , where you specify the mime type/header and content directly . i was able to make a version 3 vcard with a small png image included which worked well on several android devices . just be sure your vcard format is in spec when you do that , and be careful of space issues . most nfc tags can not hold more than a few hundred bytes , most on the market are under 1k .
yes , such apps are genuine . i am not familiar with kik , but assuming it is similar to way2sms , they gain advertising revenue from page views . kik mentions having over 120 million users and way2sms has 40 million+ users . for example for the 40 million users of way2sms , assuming that the advertising rate is $0.01 per 1000 page views ( i am not sure about the actual rates ) . and assuming an average of 10 page views per user per week . which gives 400 million page views a week . then the advertising earnings will be $4000 per week . ( the above is just an example , i am sure i made a lot of wrong assumptions ) so the way2sms business model is to buy messages from network operators and give these messages free to the users , and recoup the cost from advertising revenue gained from page views . i am assuming kik does somethig similar . a brief interview with the founder of way2sms can be found here . and another article here . edit : i did some reading up on kik , i did not find much but i think they use a freemium model where their app and basic services are free but they charge for some additional services . for example , they charge money for some stickers .
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
i just went to market | downloads and selected the app . the " allow automatic updates " checkbox is at the top of the page and checked , allowing me to uncheck it . i also have a motorola droid running 2.2 . is there a particular app with this behavior ? maybe it is a system app that requires automatic updating .
i just had this happen to me ( htc incredible , android 2.2 ) . an app updated automatically , i decided to turn auto updates off , and the checkbox was gone . happened with two happens , my tracks and maps , both from google . i found that if i pulled down the notifications panel and tapped on the " successfully updated " message for the app to make it go away , then returned to the market page for the app , the checkbox had reappeared and i could disable automatic updates . tapping the notification also starts the app , so it could be either removing the notification or opening the app once after the update that made the checkbox reappear .
i had the same problem and found this post . the check box finally came back after i force closed the market and reopened it . i think this is the primary reason it will not let you change the " automatic update " option . hope this helps : ) epsilon
no you can not flash an international rom on your device . because your phone 's configuration is different than international version . details are given below : chipset : qualcomm msm8960 snapdragon ( at and t ) ----- nvidia tegra 3 ( international ) cpu : dual-core 1.5 ghz krait ( at and t ) ----- quad-core 1.5 ghz ( international ) gpu : adreno 225 ( at and t ) --------- ulp geforce ( international ) if you flash this , it may brick your phone . see this
you can take screen shots with ddms and the android sdk . it is not hard to set up . see http://www.thefireblog.com/2011/11/16/houston-we-have-screenshots/: so , here’s a quick summary people : install the android sdk tools , then the platform-tools edit your adb_usb . ini file to add the 0×1949 vendor id at the end ensure that adb is running properly check that your device is online run ddms start taking your screenshots using the device > screen capture option .
i have not tested since i do not have my fire yet , but it can be rooted with superoneclick , which means you can probably take screenshots with an app like shootme or screenshot er 2 . i would think amazon would advertise it if it could take screenshots without root , so i would suspect non-root users to be out of luck . that said , shootme has been known to work on some unrooted phones . nobody knows why , but you could try it and hope :p
this might help : how to take a screenshot with an android phone ? basically android does not provide you a direct way to take a screenshot the way ios does . but android 4.0 ice cream sandwich will .
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
as i siad in question i tried all them of these shortcut . none of them was fix it ?
there are some hotkeys listed for ics , which hopefully still work with kitkat : rotating the screen : ( to get that operate we must to have activated “auto-rotate screen” ) press f12 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 90º to the left . press f11 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 90º to the right . press f10 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 180º . press f9 two times in less than 2 seconds = normal view 0/360º . so i would say try hitting f11 twice should solve your issue – after activating screen-rotation .
chrome 's tab switcher view is only available on phones , not tablets . this is by design , since phones do not have space for the tab bar that tablets have . the chrome documentation describes the differences between phones and tablets in how you work with tabs .
solution as per link provided by op : vijesh finally was able to solve his issue using the all-in-one toolkit , following the instructions from this xda thread . this toolkit requires windows . not explicitly mentioned in the xda thread , but most likely this means you have also to install the appropriate device drivers for your smartphone . but it looks like the toolkit offers to do that for you as well , see the item i - install apx drivers in below screenshot : the all-in-one toolkit ( source : xda ; click image for larger variant ) the tool seems to be pretty self-explaining . for the installation , you simply run the self-extractor , which prompts you for a target directory . then you start the tool , and select the wanted item ( here probably 6 - lg update tool ) . again , everything runs almost automatically -- simply follow the instructions given . the .kdz file should be flashed then to the device , and you will end up with the fresh rom installed .
there is no way to tell if the call is coming from google voice unless you change your settings to show the google voice number , but then as chris stated , you wont know who is calling . the reason , it is not the google voice app that handles the incoming call , you can actually receive google voice calls to your phone without even having the app installed . the google voice servers forward the call to your number ( s ) , and based on your settings , they send either the callers info or your google voice number with the " caller id " info .
with the stock keyboards , no . some 3rd party keyboards may allow this , but i do not know any . there are some keyboards that have additional options too .
. srt is just text . so , i am sure you can edit it using any text editor like jota+ . give it a try , and let me know if it works .
with subtitle editor free you can edit your subtitles in your mobile phone . application support several different encodings and you can edit time , text , re-sync subtitles and app has a lot of other functions . try this app ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mixedapps.subtitlescreator
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
the clock icon means that you have not sent the message yet . if you see a single tick mark it means that you have sent the message and it has been received by the whatsapp server ( but not the destined user ) if you see a double tick mark , that means the message has been received by the recipient too . if a message has a single tick with it , it can not be stopped from getting to the user . but if you sent a message when offline and deleted when the phone was offline i do not think the message will reach its destination .
you might have an app that is adding spurious records to your calling list . do you have any " alternative phone " application ( i had problems with an app called amivox ) . i created a small app to fix the problem for me , the code is linked below . edit : the app source code : https://github.com/gardarh/android-callogfixer ( removed link to binary )
well it starts because that is how dev coded it . you can try programs like startup manager that will kill the program once it starts .
i do not know for sure as i have not seen a philips phone , but it sounds like philips have put in their own sms app which does not use the standard text entry field . the little tab to help you position the cursor accurately is part of that , not part of the keyboard . if this is the case , then using a third-party sms application instead will make it easier to use . there are many on google play , so just try one out and see if it helps .
are you sure you have android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) ? because i think this is a feature that was added in this version of android . i know i got this when i upgraded my htc desire from android 2.2 to 2.3 . you can see some images below showing this feature in action . click the images for high-res . the first four images show this feature in my sms messaging app , and the last one shows the same feature in my browser . i use the stock apps for sms and web browsing that came with the phone . but like i said , i did not have this until i upgraded to android 2.3 . now from what i understand this is probably what you get when you try to do the same on your phone . something like that ? and maybe a magnifying window ? you need to make sure you have android 2.3 ( or higher ) also known as gingerbread . if you do have android 2.3 ( at least ) then it probably has to do with your sms messaging app . in that case you need to try a different sms app . here are some sms messaging apps you can try out . chomp sms handcent sms go sms pro
have you tried ringdroid ? lots of people seem to have success with it . create your own ringtone , alarm , or notification sound from an existing audio file , or record a new one directly on the device .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
i had a similar issue ( new device can install from google play , but from the website it was not being shown as a device under my settings ) . what i had to do was to go into settings/apps/google play on the device and then clear the data . once that is done , when you next launch play , it will ask you to accept the terms and conditions . then i just downloaded an app ( any app will do ) on the device . this seems to alert the web settings that there is another device . i then checked my settings on the play website and the device was now listed ( no delay , it was there straight away ) . note that i never logged out of the browser , or cleared any browser caches etc . effectively the step are : clear the google play app cache on the android device . start play and accept t and cs download any app from inside the play app . hopefully this will work for others too .
have you tried singing out on both pc and device google ( ever stuff ) accounts then history / catch erase un sync old device from the gmail address via your google dashboard settings then on device delete and re associate new device by add account on sign even though the device is new and listed as compatible you may need to go to ' market ' to download ' google play ' app . yes i no sounds silly but true story . . go into device settings -- to applications and sync ---into device accounts / add account---ensure weather or not the data background is on if it is green or enabled try this back out to network n wifi and go to airplane mode enable then disable remember upon completion -- to enable sync or turn on sync across platforms . . . . . . . . . . . . . the only reference to the suggestions above is personal experience . . . first 1 should work tho good luck ; - )
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
rooting your phone gives you root access ( duh ! ) , but that does not mean accessing a shell requires you to root your phone . you can use adb to connect to your device and gain shell access . you can also use connectbot to access your device 's shell on the device itself . this will give you normal access to your device and you will not be able to run su to gain root access . you can , however , modify and play with files to which you have access . vim is available without root access , so , so far you still have no reason to root your phone .
if you have not done so already , try going to settings-> data usage , then press the menu key and choose " restrict background data " . this sets all sync functions to only work on wi-fi , maybe it also helps with your play-store problem . be careful though , if you rely on sync to work even when you are not on wi-fi ( gmail for example ) , this is not the right option for you .
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
if your device has a directional pad ( or a trackball ) , then when you press down , the previous search key would show up in the search box and is editable .
go download poweramp . best $5 i ever spent on an app . it includes lockscreen controls and i am pretty sure you can set up lockscreen gestures to do whatever you want . i will confirm this real quick on my installation . edit : confirmed on the lockscreen gestures . swiping left and right over the album art will skip the track forward and backward by default , from anywhere in the app or on the lockscreen .
i can only speak from personal experience . i have updated my droid x and since then i have had many issues with it . it seems to be unable to send texts or make calls that require a battery pull to fix . i have to pull the battery at least once a day . it will not find the gps , it is constantly searches for gp s . any videos i had played previously through the gallery will freeze if i try to skip . i got the mobo player and must use softdecoding in order to play movies where i can ski . some positives i like the darker look of the os . the quick text when you are ignoring a call is very nice it seemed a little faster personally i wish i never upgraded . i am really close to going back to 2.2 , but i do not want to go through all the work involved with downgrading .
now , to be fair , i never took the official ota , i was on the leaked gingerbread back in april ( or maybe march , i forget ) . i never saw a reason to go to the official build . and now i am running cm7 , which has it is own set of customisations . anyway , the downsides from what i have seen ( remember that this was an early build ) : it seemed like there was less memory to go around . i would often listen to a podcast while playing a game on froyo . occasionally , in gingerbread , the audio from the podcast would just stop , and i would notice that android ran out of ram , and killed google listen . i found certain bits of the ui to be a bit ugly , namely that menu items where black , but the background if there was not a menu was white . this was really jarring for apps that used listviews as their main interface , expecting black on black , or at least two matching colors . and now some good things : it certainly seemed much faster than froyo . but to be fair , i jumped from the leaked froyo from back in august , to this version of gingerbread . the built in launcher seemed like it was almost usable ( as opposed to the launcher in froyo and eclair ) . however , i still put adw on top of it . more apis obviously . while as a consumer you probably will not use it , developers will . and while there is not too many gingerbread specific stuff out yet , it is coming . i especially see game devs using it more and more , now that they can make games entirely in c/c++ , and do not have to touch java at all . i never had any problems with the gps , calling , or texting , like david basarab seems to have , but i guess those could be side effects of either an app he had installed , or just that he was on a later build than me .
there is an option to do this under ice cream sandwich and later , go into settings tap on data usage ensure that mobile data is activated , if not , a check-box stating set mobile data limit will appear underneath , checking that will bring up a informational dialog box stating limiting data usage . now the graph chart will have two sliders active amber ( warning ) and red ( maximum ) , by moving the amber coloured bar , that is your warning limit set . and moving the red coloured bar , is your maximum limit , set that to 250mb max as per your case , and set the amber bar to around 230mb as a warning and ics/jellybean will remind you that you are hitting the limit .
if you are connected via wi-fi , your phone will only use that connection . the only sort of data that would be required to use mobile data would be mms ( aka multimedia messages ) everything else will operate with wi-fi if you have it . one thing you will also want to look into is the wi-fi sleep policy , to ensure you phone never disconnects from wi-fi if it is in range . go to : Settings \u2192 Wifi \u2192 Advanced (via menu button) \u2192 Sleep Policy  set this to " never " , so your phone will always use wi-fi ( if available ) when it is asleep . this also saves battery as the distance between your wi-fi and your phone is a lot shorter than the phone mast and your phone ! update if you are that concerned about using mobile data , search the market for " apn droid " , which is an app that completely turns on/off your mobile data .
you may appear to be connected to your wi-fi , but you may not be connected to the internet . it is possible that the internet is down .
check your signal bar in the top right corner of the notification bar . if it displays the both the wifi ( quarter circle ) and the 3g/hdspa bar ( right triangle ) , then your phone will prefer wifi , otherwise it will use 3g/hdspa . also note that the wifi signal bar is overlaid with small triangles when there is an active data transfer through wifi and the phone signal bar is overlaid with similar triangle when there is an active data transfer through 3g/hdspa . also note that the when 3g is active , the phone signal bar is overlaid with 3g or h icon . also note that when connected to wifi , the 3g/h icon is missing from the phone signal bar , which shows that 3g/hdspa has been disabled .
notification light turns only when there is a notification for say facebook or gmail etc not for charging and all . there is no option of turning on the notification light at the time of charging in stock so if you need it then you can use light flow it allows to put custom led color at different events .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
to expand on chahk 's answer : go to the settings app , and from the personal section , choose security ( on a samsung phone , choose lock screen instead ) . then tap owner info , and enter your name , room number , phone number ( though not of the same phone , obviously ) , or whatever . i found this a bit limiting , especially for working in a big office , so i wrote a lock screen widget to also display your profile photo ( the one that shows up with your name in the quick-access menu ) . this means that if someone picks your phone up while you are still nearby ( say , after a meeting , or at a party ) , they can give it straight to you , rather than having to phone your landline or email you later . i made it free to download , with no ads , because it is a really simple app : i have no financial interest in promoting it here . it needs 4.1-jelly-bean or later because that is the first version to support lock screen widgets . download owner photo widget from google play
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appengine.paranoid_android.lost worked for me .
i do not have the galaxy s2 or swype any more , but i was able to fix the problem by changing the screen orientation and then changing it back again . once i did this , the corrections came back . i found this out purely by accident but was able to repeat it to confirm the fix the next time the problem happened .
asssuming you mean adobe photoshop express it is set by default to only show you camera pictures . you should be able to change a setting to make it look at the rest of your phone 's storage . open photoshop express , press menu ( on ics press the ... in the corner of the screen ) , select more and then settings and scroll down to near the bottom where you should see the option show camera photos only in phone view , take the tick out of the box and press back to get back to the main photoshop express window where you should already see it filling up with all the pictures it can find .
if you have got a replacement app , you could utilize tasker for that : condition : docked task : start app [ your-replacement-app-here ] on the next docking , you would be asked for the app to perform this action with . decide for " tasker " and see if it works as expected . if it does , make it the default next time . as alternate app you could e.g. use desk clock plus , which might even support this without the help of tasker .
hmm , as said before i am afraid that there is no such setting available . but there is a handy little app that lets you create widgets that let you switch your networks with a single tap . so when you realize you are connected to your friend 's network , simply press the button on your homescreen and you will be connected to your own network again . you can find the app here : wifi manager .
not exactly what you may have intended , but still a possible solution : using an app like wifi qr code generator wifi qr share you can generate a qr code of your friend 's wifi connection , print it , laminate it ( for protection ) , and put it into your wallet . now , whenever you want to use that wifi network , take out the qr-code , scan it with barcode scanner -- and get connected . for a " log-out " simply disconnect , and remove the network from your list ( to keep your device from autoconnecting ) . not quite elegant -- but it saves you from typing the long password everytime . side-effect : print out the qr multiple times , and give it to your friend 's for other guests . do the same for your own wifi . now you never have to tell your passwords : to permit your guests to connect , somply show them the qr-code to scan ( and have them delete the network from their devices when they leave , as android stores wifi-passwords unencrypted ) .
yes , connectbot supports pubkey authentication and tunnels .
when you come out of the app pressing home button , it is state is stored . so no matter how many messages you get , you still go the previous message you were looking at , if you press messaging app . . . to prevent this , when you get a new message open notifications instead of messaging app . . this makes app refresh it is previous state to the current one . .
when you do an action like viewing a file , android shows the chooser to let you choose from all the apps that say they can understand that file or url . it is up to the app author to tell android what files the app can understand . if an app does not show up in that list when you think it should , it is a bug in the app , and you should contact the app developer to ask them to make that change . it is possible to use a third-party app to act as an intermediary , to let you send any action on any file or url to any app of your choice , but the result will almost always be that the ' target ' app crashes , or just opens to the main screen without opening the file you want , because it has not been programmed to understand that intent .
i believe most of the chinese tablet can do that . there is no negative effect but it might overheat .
this seems to be a bug on the os ( src ) you have to use a third party app for this . vcardio and bizcard manager/sms vcard are good solutions . former one is preferable and it is free .
these codes are just samsung 's own version codes , and as far as i know , they have no logic , except that they increase alphabetically and numerically with each new release . you will have to either install and check the version they correspond to , or search for news of new firmware releases for your device to see what they upgrade . as for the pda/phone/csc , pda is the os itself , phone means the radio firmware ( gsm/cdma/umts/lte radio chip ) and csc stands for country specific customization ( or carrier specific customization ) , which provides regional customizations such as carrier apns , available languages etc .
by reserving i guess uboat55 means to . . suggest the use of static ip address . you can configure your router to work with static ip address instead of a dhcp service . which i also feel should do the trick . configure your router with fixed ip address and latter use that ip address . or you can even try to assign ip address directly to ur device a . without changing any thing on the router part . just remember the ip address range . eg 192.168.1xx . xxx to 192.168.255.254 and chose any one ip address within that range . and remember the default subnet i.e. 255.255 . xxx . xxx or something similar and the router ip address and use this on ur mobile .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
i am not sure what you are wanting to back up , but most backup applications on the play store will do this for you . examples are mybackup root , titanium backup , and helium . edit : scratch that . as mentioned by izzy in the comments below , you must be rooted for these apps to work , as there is a . . . " feature " . . . in android 4.4 kitkat that prevents " rouge " sd card access : link
your bar code is being recognized as physical keyboard . hence the soft virtual keyboard on your android is been disabled . . option 1: try manually checking the keyboard setting after you connect the bar code reader . go to settings -> language and input -> and check if the keyboard options are disabled and if so , try enabling them . option 2: go to settings -> language and input -> keyboard ( and input methods ) -> and check for " use physical keyboard " and put it to " off " . if the above does not work , can you send the phone model and bar code model .
the window manager you saw is part of samsung android 4 . x o.s. and only works on samsung tablets . there are lots and lots of differences between samsung android and google android . i did a quick comparison for the galaxy s3 smartphone : here
apps can obtain higher privileges . for example 3g watchdog ( a data usage monitoring app ) requests users for higher privileges so that it cannot be killed . it may be the same case with adw launcher .
you need a device with both internal and external memory . if your device have two different mounting points , then you have internal memory . one is for your ( now damaged ) sd slot , and the other is for the internal memory . folder names shoul be /mnt/sdcard and /mnt/extsd ( actual names may vary depending on the device ) . you have two options : change the default storage for your pics . on android 4.0 , open your camera app , click on the " options " icon , there are 3 options , exposure / balance / settings , the first setting is " local storage " , turn it on use a new camera app with options on where to save the photos you take . i love camera360 because of its amazing filters , and you can shoose where to save the photos
another potential solution is to go external . . . there was recently a successful social funding campaign for microsd card readers that connect to the microusb port of android phones . http://www.meenova.com/
only devices with nvidia tegra chips in them can be completely restored to factory conditions . when you root your phone , the warranty is void , and there is no sending it back . you can back-up a rom and before booting , wipe the phone 's rom and restore one of the backed up roms . backing up and restoring is very time consuming , though . you would only want to do that so you could perhaps have an aosp rom , a touchwhiz rom , and perhaps a cm9 or aokp rom as well-- trust me , you will be too busy flashing new updates to worry about switching between backups . head over to http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1346 for the low down on the rest . you can never read enough , really-- the different roms will be under the development section .
in general , you should never assume that any internet connection is secure . not even if you owned the hotspot . internet is built under the assumption that intermediary links are unreliable and not necessarily trustworthy ( not even your service provider or the backbone operators should be considered trustworthy ) . that is why we have developed various authentication and encryption protocols which can ensure secure communication through these untrustworthy channels . in short , use https or ssl when accessing informations that you do not want anyone snooping on and do not use apps that do not use https/ssl . gmail always uses ssl when communicating with google servers , although last time i checked not for calendar or contacts , though this may have changed since then .
root your phone , then use root explorer and download this wpa_supplicant file . rename the original to wpa_supplicant_backup and set the permissions of the downloaded wpa_supplicant to match the permissions of the original one . i tested on android 2.3.6 gingerbread it worked like a charm - almost . sometimes i have to turn off the and turn on the wifi twice but it is not a big deal .
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
okay , somehow or the other , i got it to work using tips gleaned from various links from googling ' brand new galaxy nexus not booting ' . i have not figured out the issue , but i had the phone plugged in without the battery and inserting the battery then showed me battery charging image on the phone for the first time , but it quickly died out and i could not start the phone . after subtly pressuring the battery randomly , i got the charging screen back and switched it on . some of the posts in the aforementioned googling suggested there might be slight defects in the chinese-made galaxy nexuses ( apparently it was made in both korea and china ) , and mine is made in china . it might have to do with the battery not getting placed just right . i suggest to anyone facing similar issues to try to see if there is any effect with inserting the battery with the phone plugged in as i did in my case .
definitely contact the dev about that , like izzy suggests . you could simply not use airplane mode ( you are not really saving battery life if you are still enabling wifi and other radio connections like bluetooth and gps ) and just disable mobile data on your device . this article indicates that you can easily disable data by going to settings > battery and data manager > data delivery > and un-tick the data enabled option . this might vary across devices and carriers . that should allow you to use your device without a mobile carrier network connection , saving battery by not searching for the network , and allow the app to work just fine .
you need to install the speech synthesis data for the tts engine . you can find it on the play store here .
try the smart screen protector application from the play store . it claims to disable the lock key when the screen is locked even with the pin . does not require a root device if it does not work then you can increase the delay time as suggested by the app .
i dont think it is possible with that rom . what you can do is to change the button 's task when phone is locked ( like activator on ios ) . i think cm7 is not supports this feature but you can simply find it by google it ( button task changer or something like that ) .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
dunno if this has gotten answered , but had to deal with this today and the app groupy is great . you can even hide groups so it lists only the ones you want , it handles multiple accounts setup on the phone just fine , and i know for sure if you drop a shortcut to the app itself it will open right up once you tap the 1x1 shortcut on the desktop right to the listing of the groups . it also has some nice shortcut buttons to send an email , sms [ or mms ] right from that listing screen [ the icons are right across the bottom of the screen when the app is open . i did not see any widgets listed under widgets for it , but i have not gone extremely in-depth with it yet . i do not see a major need for them as when you tap the app shortcut the app opens right to a list of all the groups you have on the device [ be they system , or created by you the user ( if done via google contacts website be sure to either wait for the sync or go in to settings accounts and tap the account you modified contacts on and tap to clear then tap to add the checkmark back as that will cause it to sync right away [ or of course hit sync now button if you have that available instead if you prefer ] ) . of course if you go through and choose to hide any groups when you open the app it will only list that groups that have not been hidden . you can even choose multiple groups to send messages to by tapping the checkboxes found on the right hand side of the screen for all the groups you want to send your message to . please be aware for both email and sms or mms : some carriers/providers do put limits on how many contacts you may send any one message to in attempts to curtail people from spamming too many people at once . you will need to review the limits with your carrier in the case of sms/mms messages or you provider for your email account for emails . so if your groups [ or groups ] contain too many people your message may either fail to send at all or only send to soo many people [ depending on how your carrier/service provider choose to handle the limit ]
i had the same problem as you . i do not remember how i resolved it on my wildfire s . i only know , that i installed something like " group manager " , but could not find it anymore , and missing it after factory reset of the phone . but i am not sure , if advantage of making " group shortcut " was made by this app , because i have tried some other apps . there was one file manger and so . . . . and about your app . not bad , usefull . but on my wildfire s is slow . i think it is because of pic thumbnails . app i have used before showed only names and numbers . if you will rewrite your app , i can write you some hints . or if you want , please write me how did you make it . i am older , but have young son , which can continue or make it with you . regards
i do not know of any way to do this automatically , aside from some app i do not know of , but you can do it yourself by adding a new blank folder and then adding shortcuts to your contacts in it however you like .
okay , . . . there was no app that i could find that would do this . so , i wrote one . it actually uses home screen shortcuts , not live folders , due to the way they are implemented and the complexity of coding them . if anyone should be interested , i have since rewritten it . . . you can find the new one here : live groups .
if kies tells you that you have a unofficial release it usually means that you have an unofficial release . : ) this is usually the result of flashing the device with heimdall/odin and an prerelease firmware that was never official released for you device and/or region . but there can be other reasons for this too . you could flash an offical rom , which can be obtained for example from samfirmware . com . instructions on how-to flash and what release is the current offical for your region can be found on this site too . be aware that flashing can leave you device in an unusable state and it will do a factory reset , so save your data prior flashing . also you may lose your warranty .
no , it is because at first boot ( ie : inizialization ) , android creates a battery stat file to calibrate the battery . after the first boot , you can start android with any battery percentage . if you think that after a long time , the battery percentage is not correctly reported , you can force android to recreate the stats file with some root utilities available in the market skype/msn do draw a lot of battery , anyway , if you are using them from windows mobile , they are not running from android . you could try using greenpower or juicedefender to see if the data connection is the problem
i had the same problem with my device . a problem lied in the running apps that avoided the phone going to the standby mode ( for me it was e.g. my k-9 email client ) . therefore , i shut these apps down , connected my phone again to my laptop and it was ok .
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
the hint from omar proved to be the best for me . i found out that a wallpaper app installed long extension files in my sd card and i happened to find a sub-folder named " cache " inside the folder carrying the app´s name . once i deleted it and reinserted the usb cable onto the phone , " voilá" , the pc recognized it again on mtp mode ! !
i have done a lot , including uninstalling nokia-related phone apps , switching to debug mode and usb mass storage mode for getting different drivers . the 18 mb exe located in samsung\kies\usb driver extracts many folders including . inf , but none is for mtp driver . the driver reinstalling option from kies also does not help . until i switch back to the default home screen , not launcherpro , not helauncher , but twlauncher , i get the ' mtp application ' screen on phone showing ' connected ' immediately . if this screen does not come up , it is impossible . so my final piece of advice is to restore your phone to factory setting and see if it is a problem related to what you have in internal sd . ( external sd removed of course )
first back up your data , all of it , internal and external sd memory . then connect your phone to your pc choosing the mass storage option ( first make it ask you before connect how to connect ) , then walk through all of your applications checking for any folder named cache or anything similar , then delete whatever is in it . if you came across any other kind of file that is cache or related to cache , delete it . this issue happens because some , most of them actually , cache files have a very long extension , and that prevents the mtp connection establishment . for me , i tried this in two ways , the first one , i formated my sd memory , both internal and external , and that did not pay off , then i tried the method i mentioned above and it worked , if it did not please reply telling so .
found the problem to be like one of the guys said in another thread . . . it was the external sd having most likely unrecognized characters ( at least to samsung kies ) or characters that are too long . . . i removed the external sd and ran kies and its working . . . might not be very useful to do it this way but i only needed it to update sw and manage contacts so its find : )
no need for any backup or any formatting your sd cards . all you need to do is just connect your phone , when it says failed go to device manager , uninstall it from there . unplug your phone , go to kies , open tools > install drivers . after installation plug your phone . . only tested on windows 7 x64 ultimate .
resolved my galaxy s connection problem on winxp 32bit by install this microsoft_user-mode_driver_framework_install-v1.0-winxp . exe edit : i think this has been replaced by the wdf . http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?displaylang=enfamilyid=36a2630f-5d56-43b5-b996-7633f2ec14ff
try updating your windows media player to latest version .
uninstall kies and all drivers , then reboot . download and install the appropriate drivers from this xda post . download and install kies mini from samsung . com ( support at the top , then just select your phone model and go to software ) . connect your phone !
when you create a new avd ( android virtual device ) . under hardware , click new : from the drop down list of property , select device ram size . click ok . you can now put a value beside of device ram size of how big you want it to be . note : you have to create a new avd . you can not edit them as far as i know .
enter recovery and delete dalvik/cache . to enter recovery you have to hold Volume up + Home + Power ( the same with Volume down is download mode ) . once in recovery , select the option to wipe cache/dalvik , then restart the phone . if the phone keeps rebooting as it was doing before , try searching the log of the boot sequence to see if you can find where it fails . you will need a pc with android sdk installed and the phone 's usb cable . with the phone off , open a CMD window in your pc , go to android sdk directory and run adb logcat turn on your phone and connect the usb cable . you should en seeing in your cmd window the log of the phone as it boots . once it enters a boot loop , you should be able to check the log and see what it tries to do and can not do ( that triggers the boot loop ) .
i do not think that base android supports avrcp beyond version 1.0 . a lot of the community created roms have added support for the other levels into their custom systems . however the stock version does not have it .
let me explain in brief the difference between the sim storage and the phone storage . later section will contain your solution . there are two types of storage options for contacts , messages etc . sim storage -the contacts which will be stored in the sim card of the service provider of your device is called sim stored contacts . advantages :- 1 ) you can have your contacts safely stored and is highly portable . even if tomorrow your phone crashes ( formatting etc . ) you will have your contacts with you and do not need to search for as when you place the sim in another device the contacts from the sim memory will be displayed easily . 2 ) your contacts will be safe and private because most applications have access to only the phone memory but not to the sim memory so some annoying apps cannot leak your contacts info to other third party 's disadvantages :- 1 ) as you know the sim card has very limited space so it cannot have more number of contacts to be stored . 2 ) bigger names cannot be saved as there are restrictions to store a name with a limited set of characters ( approximately 6 or 7 ) 3 ) if you lost the sim then you have lost all your contacts irrespective of the storage area where you stored . 4 ) cannot personalise the contacts stored in the sim ( adding pictures , date of birth , email id etc . ) 5 ) double display of contact numbers ( if you use what is app like messenger it will display double contacts list 1 with the sim card and 2 with the what is app contacts list ) phone storage -the contacts which are stored in the phone 's storage area and has a predefined space limit by the manufacturer are phone storage contacts . advantages :- 1 ) as the contacts storage area is more you can store more number of contacts when compared to the sim card . 2 ) personalise add / modify any details to your contacts . ( third party apps can add photos etc . to your contacts display . ) 3 ) no double display of contacts if you are using any messenger because all the details of one contact is displayed under a single name . 4 ) apps can check your contacts in phone memory and can update it with all the relevant information . disadvantages :- 1 ) as your contacts are being stored on the phone memory your contacts will not be portable because if tomorrow your phone crashes/ modified /updated then you loose all the contacts because the complete phone memory will be wiped out . 2 ) you will lose security over your contacts as most applications have access to the phone memory and will eventually leak the data to their server 's now coming to the answer you can simply combine your facebook contacts with all the details like photos by step 1 :-first move all your contacts in phone memory step 2 -under the display option disable view contacts from sim ( in order to avoid duplicate from sim card ) . step 3 -next as you have your contacts on phone you can simply synchronize your contacts with your facebook mobile application . step 4 ( not necessary but good to follow ) -after a complete synchronize restart your device and then you can see the pictures of the user from the relevant app 's you use .
upload all of your sim contacts to gmail contacts with email addresses of contacts . then select the facebook account from the accounts and choose to sync to existing contacts . it is currently working on my galaxy note 2 .
yes nova prime can organize in your drawer .
this is not a difficult thing to do . you just need to use a 3rd party launcher which is highly customizable . like nova or apex launcher . you could also give " aviate launcher " by yahoo a go which automatically makes a few " categories " as your home screens . but it is nothing like the usual launcher we use so liking it or not will be upto you .
it depends on the launcher . most stock launchers will not , but i know nova launcher ( only prime version ) has folders in the app drawer . it is all manually done , though . other launchers , which i can not name right now , can probably organize it for you .
most articles i have encountered where people wish to undertake a complete image backup of their device requires root . however i have come across an article written in how-to geek entitled " how to create a full android phone or tablet backup without rooting or unlocking your device " . the article will take you throught the steps of : installing the android sdk device setup testing adb backing up your device restoring a backup http://www.howtogeek.com/125375/how-to-create-a-full-android-phone-or-tablet-backup-without-rooting-or-unlocking-your-device/ the article concludes by saying the complexity of using the android sdk to create and restore backups is a bit much for the average user .
this might help : [ guide ] full phone backup without unlock or root although it is talking about galaxy nexus , but this method is completely compatible with your nexus 7 .
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
the publisher of this app may have changed their package name when updating the app . usually , apps have the same package name for its entire lifetime , which is how the phone knows to update a current app instead of installing a new one . if this is the case , you should uninstall the old app . the quickest ( and easiest ) fix is to uninstall both and reinstall the latest version . provided the app 's package name does not change again during the next update , this should solve your issue .
looks like they have made a number of changes and fixes for bluetooth and ble . the changelog is here . you can just do a search for bluetooth in that document . this might interest you too . ( i am not sure what they mean by " do not merge" )
according to google i/o , ble will only be supported with android l . ( source : https://plus.google.com/117159045047546859181/posts/79nqfuwxezk )
i found out that it was my lock button , i put on my otterbox then banged my lock button against my table fairly hard , but if you do not have a good case i do not recommend that because it would probably crack your phone . use your wrist
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
although just a " little " late i did create a free application called total backup to save and restore most of the contact joins without needing root . it can be found at google play or amazon appstore . do not hesitate with feedback .
your contacts should all be backed up to the google account you registered your phone with , provided that you are saving your contacts to google and not your sim card . check to make sure that you are using google as your default contact list , and that syncing for contacts for that account is checked . update : you can use titanium backup to migrate settings between rom wipes for other apps/contacts .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
install a vnc server on the phone through adb and then you can connect to it .
if you go into the settings of the stock mms app , there is a setting to have the enter key instead of the smiley key
i have a custom ( baked ) jelly bean 4.2.2 rom on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers !
ok , so after looking into this a bit more i managed to get somewhere . i pulled the mms . apk file from /system/app and decompiled it with apk multi-tool . then i started editing the file /res/layout/compose_message_activity.xml . it has an tag towards the bottom of the file . i removed textShortMessage from android:inputType on this line . this means : android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine|textShortMessage"  becomes android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine"  this worked for me in that the smiley key is replaced with the enter key after recompiling , signing and pushing back to my phone . my problem is that the enter key sends the message rather than inserting a new line . after more googling i came across this thread on xda . this mms . apk works exactly how i want it to - no smiley key and the enter key adds a new line . it is also black themed which i prefer for my screen . i decompiled the newly found black mms . apk file from xda to try and find what they guy did to make the enter button actually add a new line , but i can not see what is different . i would still like to know how to do this if anybody knows - this was my first time playing with a decompiled apk so i do not really know what i am doing . for now though i am quite happy with my new black themed mms . apk app .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
thanks for suggesting itravelfree , that is my first choice . i stumbled upon a lower tech solution that might appeal some people : oxygen guide which is a free mobile friendly dump of the wikitravel website .
also try a different usb cable . sometimes cables can be finicky .
did you encrypted your device storage ? if no then just backup your all data and give it a factory reset . it should fix the problem . had this problem with my s3 for two times . now its ' running fine .
i was not able to know what is the problem with my device . but after performing a factory data reset , it is now working . : )
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
voice notify may help as well . it is not necessarily practical in every situation ( i.e. . meetings ) , but can be handy at home when your phone is charging across the room and you do not want to have to get up to look at it every time it buzzes .
you should see a notification icon in the bar at the top of the screen . swipe down and you can click on the notification to load the application that generated it . in addition you can install sms popup or something similar to display the details of the sms on screen immediately . i have not found anything like this for email though .
you need to root your phone and remove or " freeze " everything related to ota and knox . once done , you can remove the all avc audit file ( s ) in the directory : /data/misc/audit/ . you may also need to put seandroid into permissive mode with : su 0 setenforce 0 , but this only lasts until next reboot .
bluetooth profile widget may help you . it allows you to set the profile for your headset to , well , in this case , headset , so that the tablet will treat it as such . note : certain headsets do not handle all audio ( music/video players ) only phone audio , which would not apply to a tablet ( obviously :p ) . there are settings in this app to force all audio , including music and such , out the headset if it does not work with the default profile .
i had the same issue with my galaxy note 2 after upgrade to 4.1.2 . no wifi worked after the upgrade reboot . after lots of trial and error i found that the only wifi working consistently was wep/psk/tkip . no protocol using aes encryption worked - merely " obtaining ip address " . this does not solve the problem , merely a temporary workaround . good luck . forgot to mention that the wep/psk/tkip must be set on your router . power cycle your phone and reenter your password when the phone attempts to connect . also i found that turning off power saving mode on the phone also is required . go to phone dialer and enter *#0011# to enter phone command mode . select menu options and click wifi option . turn off power saving mode . power saving mode = on is default so must be changed after every power cycle .
i am not 100% sure about that device , but my samsung galaxy s vibrant would wake itself up when it was on the charger , after it was fully charged . this , to me , was the dumbest thing they did .
apparently its a known issue accordingly to this modaco thread specifically posting #8 still have a standby bug , ( it has a " self wake up" ) perhaps toshiba has released a fix by now , or , try another custom rom , perhaps on xda maybe . . .
the only way i know of to prevent this when opening the browser directly is to close all tabs before exiting the browser . if you open a link from another app , you should be able to avoid this as well .
there is chance to experience this kind of back light turned of is due to proxy sensor got dusted . firstly please check the proxy sensor is clean or it is not covered with your dusted phone cover , etc .
it turns out that by avoiding touching it with her cheek she was turning the phone a bit and moving the proximity/light sensor away from her ear , which turned the screen on and was causing the hangups . when she presses the speaker firmly against her ear the screen locks like it is supposed to .
try screebl - it makes use of the internal sensor to determine whether the phone 's vertical and turns the screen on/off during a call according to the options specified .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
unfortunately , offline voice recognition is only available for devices running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) and above - anything below that will not receive support . there is , however , another hidden requirement - your device must have a sufficient amount of ram in order to be able to download the offline voice recognition files from google . my incredible s is running 4.2.2 and with 572 mbs of ram i do not see the option . should you receive an upgrade to 4.1+ ( by root or other means ) , you may go to Language and Input in settings and select Download offline speech recognition under Voice Search .
it seems that , like on the atrix , /mnt/sdcard is your internal storage , while /mnt/ext_card is your real sdcard . you can verify this if you check their seizes : you know the size of your sdcard , so you should be able to point that out . the internal will probably have a size which is not a multiple of 8 ( most likely , it will be 6 gb or the like ) . if you are unsure how to check this , you could e.g. use sandisk memory zone 1 or , even better , storage analyser 2 , which should make it easy to point out :
i would recommend switching to k-9 mail if the default email app can not handle this . in k-9 mail , once you have set up your account , long-press it and select Account settings -&gt; Folders . on this page you can change the Drafts folder , Sent folder , Spam folder and Trash folder to your preferred ones .
using adb , you can use adb pull to take any file you want from your phone , event if it is protected and locked ( i tried on 4.1.2 , do not know if it works on more up to date versions ) . only the /data folder needs root privileges to be read and it is where your contacts are stored . if you have root privileges , you can look at this answer to know where you can find them . note that you have to enable usb debugging before trying these steps .
why is there no " forgot pin " or a mail recovery option there ? : ( see if this app is compatible and use it : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.thomascannon.screenlockbypass.pro if you have your contacts synced on your google account , they will automatically get restored . this might help you get the data back : http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/androidcommandline/article.html#adb_copy
it seems like a network problem and might not have anything to do with your phone . try using data services by some other provider . also , try re-configuring the apn settings .
i have been using picsay ' s free version and been happy with it . i will probably upgrade to the full version which has the ability to sharpen , but just have not really had the need yet so i have been putting it off . i will report back if i do chip down . another alternative would be to use pixlr 's web based editor : http://pixlr.com/editor provided you have flash installed you can use their browser based editor that does have an " unsharp mask " filter .
have you tried using camera 360 . it is a great all in one app and it makes most photos extremely clear . try it . it has a free trial so you can try it before . : )
i like using adobe photoshop express because it makes photos look sharper and a whole list of other things too . i am no photographer , and this app makes my pictures look professional .
busybox is a single utility that contains the functionality of many of the basic unix tools . it is used on most embedded-linux systems instead of having separate executables for each utility , which wastes space owing to code duplication . there are several busybox installers available on google play , and one on f-droid . custom roms often have busybox built-in . in addition , grep and cat ( and a few more ) are already built into android . android has its own busybox-like called toolbox , but it is a lot smaller ( i.e. . more limited ) than the full busybox . you can access toolbox commands ( or busybox commands once you have installed it ) from a terminal emulator , in just the same way as any unix system .
the popup you are referring to exists as to alert the device user that the cellular service as become unavailable . if you wish to stick to a specific network , there is nothing you can do . options for mobile networks are located at : Settings \u2192 Wireless &amp; networks \u2192 Mobile Networks  and there is no option to prevent the system from warning you about the lost of network connectivity . from the above location , under " network operators " , you have an option " select automatically " , that will allow your device to select another network without disturbing you . but by your question contents , you do not want this .
it happens when tab is unloaded from memory . your thinking for multitasking is right , but just for multitasking , android can not let device crashing happen , for example ( device hardware resources are limited ) . there are many things which should be given higher priority than a background app . when foreground app needs high amount of memory , background apps are unloaded fully or partially from memory . technically , when free memory drops below certain level , attack on background apps is performed . in fact , foreground app can also be attacked when kernel runs out of memory . when it comes to websites , web browsers often make request of removed things of website ( which are not available in disc cache ) . to re-construct a web page , its better to reload webpage . you can check it with dolphin browser hd : send it to background and disconnect from internet . then , re-open it . webpage will be reloaded , but using cache ( mind it , there is no internet connection ) .
android supports usb controllers ( using the standard usb hid profile ) and bluetooth controllers ( again , if they use the standard bluetooth hid profile ) . wireless controllers that use a special wireless receiver probably will not work with android ( but they might if the wireless receiver acts as a usb hid device ) . to use a usb controller with your phone , you need a usb-on-the-go adapter so you can plug the usb cable into the usb-on-the-go socket on your phone ( i.e. . the same socket you use to charge it ) . in addition , the game needs to be written specifically to support game controllers . the description of the game on google play will probably mention controller support . it might have settings for the button layout ( since not all controllers use the same layout ) , or it might be designed for one kind of controller in particular ( such as playstation controllers and clones ) . there are even some bluetooth game controllers designed specifically to work with smartphones , such as the moga pro . they have the conventional button layout , and often include their own app store selling compatible apps and games .
you need to root your phone for this .
as wiki says , such a tool would require root on your phone . for security reasons , only system apps can enable and disable notifications for an app , only system apps can force-stop other apps , and only system apps can disable other apps . you really would not want every app on your phone to be able to turn on notifications for itself and disable the settings app so you can not turn them off again . if you want to disable most of your system apps , it sounds like it might be better for you to replace the os with a custom-rom . the tag wiki for that page will give you some hints to get started . be warned before you decide : you do need to unlock the bootloader to achieve this , and you should take a backup first as it is an advanced procedure : people do manage to brick their phones this way . as a quick note : most of the apps you list are samsung 's apps . samsung are known for shipping particularly bloat-heavy software , so you may find it easier to buy a phone from a different manufacturer next time . nexus phones in particular run a very minimal android : that is their main selling point .
one option to automatically send an sms on every missed call is an app available from the google play store : missed call auto sms ( no ads ) missing phone calls ? unable to attend your phone always ? here 's a solution : send an auto sms , instantly . benefits : ★ no ads ★ small app size . ★ free for life . how to setup : install the app ; once installed , open it and type in your sms text : please take note that the sms is the same to all missed calls . also , it will be sent to all missed calls . ( a fee from your mobile network operator may be applied ) what will others receive : recipients of the sms will receive your text message along with some publicity to the app :
i was correct - the stock recovery was not being substituted for a custom recovery . i have since tried a number of things : first i tried installing the " freegee " app . trying to install a custom recovery resulted in the error " your devices specific software version of d80220d is not currently supported " . second , i tried following this guide resulted in the error : Loki tool v2.1 [-] Loki aboot version does not match device. 1|root@g2:/data/local/tmp # exit 1|shell@g2:/ $  what eventually worked was downloading the autorec . apk for the lg g2 d802 and installing it using adb : adb install d802_autorec . apk i downloaded the . apk from here . twrp recovery was installed successfully . more information on autorec is here .
after seeing onik 's reply i tried the screenshot feature on my phone . on my nexus s , upgraded to ics 4.0.4 , i have to press the power + vol - buttons simultaneously . anything else gives me a volume-down or power-off situation .
the power + vol- combo is not instant , you have to hold it for a couple of seconds . and , as you noted , press the power button first or you will get the volume control and power off your phone .
the solution to my problem was simply revoking all authorisations granted to computers already . after rebooting both my galaxy s3 and my laptop , the pop-up appeared again and i could continue the installation of cyanogenmod , which has now succesfully completed .
have you restarted your device since removing the app ? if you have simply deleted the . apk using root explorer then then it will not have performed the ' cleanup ' that normally happens when uninstalling an application . restarting your device should cause the app drawer to re-detect the installed apps and the icon should disappear . this answer ( relevant part quoted below ) explains a bit about what happens when uninstalling an app ' properly ' , this will not have happened if you have simply removed the apk file . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . also , make sure you have checked /data/app as there may be another apk for google drive there if you have updated the app via the play store . if you remove the apk from here too ( if it exists ) then the icon should disappear . a reboot may still be required .
you can try wiping cache and dalvik before entering the safe mode . a similar problem is addressed on an xda thread here . if the above does not work , you can restore the previous backup ( hopefully a nandroid one ) . if that does not work , you can try flashing cm again . finally , if none of the above works , you can do a full data wipe and factory reset and flash + restore again . yet another approach is manually editing the developer options database via adb as discussed here . adb shell sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db delete from global where name="overlay_display_devices"; reboot  if the above does not work , then as said in above xda thread , delete the developer settings manually as follows ( all system specific settings will be reset ) , first mount /data in recovery : adb shell cd /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/ delete settings.db reboot  if nothing works , the problem could be something different than the secondary display .
no , you cannot natively override the magnetometer and accelerometer sensors . android does not have an api for this ( as opposed to gps ) , and faking these signals would require programming a custom driver or kernel . it is not a simple matter of getting root and changing a simple config file somewhere .
i found a few things that helped . i was able to get it to work by flashing stock with oden , reflashing my rom , then downloading the game . i was able to reproduce the issue when i backed up ff vi via titanium backup then recovered it . this seemed to cause this issue until the system was cleared . i will do some more testing to see what in the system needed to be cleared before it would work .
auto mount your sd card should do that for you : automatically mount your sd card . quit manually mounting your sd card every time you plug your phone into your computer . i used that one one of my phones when i still connected it frequently via usb , and it did its job wonderfully . the app is available for free on the playstore , so nothing to lose : )
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
get the game directly from gameloft ( or if the free version is missing , get it from p2p ) . on linux/mac , use wget to resume your download . on windows , use a freeware from snapfiles to resume your downloads . the problem then will be to transfer the game from your computer to the android device .
no , the key parts of the rom would be the kernel and all the drivers for the hardware . the boot image is likely different too . these devices are not the same so you would end up , at the very least , " soft bricking " your device . even when a device is basically the same , take all of the galaxy s devices ( vibrant , captivate , facinate , epic , i9000 ) , all are basically the same device , but you cannot " cross flash " the roms between them . this is because the smallest change in hardware or boot image prevents this .
you do not want to do that . from my understanding , flashing an older radio than the one you currently have installed is a sure fire way to brick your phone . besides , the latest radios are always better . and so long as you are sticking with ics , it is a very good idea to use the latest radio . like ce4 said , flash the radio recommended by whoever is making your rom- and never flash the same radio twice .
settings-> security-> lock screen options-> shortcuts .
it can be done in ics . go to security under settings . go into screen security go into shortcut settings . . . voila !
on the stock verizon htc thunderbolt that just got the ics update , you can access this capability by : choosing the personalize " paint palette " icon on the bottom of the home screen choosing display from the bottom toolbar selecting Lock Screen shortcuts .
install widgetlocker locksscreen . using it , you can put high no . of apps on lockscreen .
polaris office can open and edit word documents , and you can draw directly on the documents .
i think what you are looking for is usually called " freehand drawing " . i can not find any app that supports free hand drawing on word document . however , adobe reader for android supports freehand drawing annotation on pdf document . you can convert your word documents to pdf and use adobe reader to make your annotations . freehand annotation on an editable document like word generally makes little sense anyway , because it is not always obvious where the annotation should move to when the text is edited .
launch the google talk app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings . tap the account you are using . check the Mobile indicator option . note : if you are signed in to your google account on a pc ( like if you left your browser open and logged in to gmail ) the mobile indicator may not be displayed . ( for reference : android version 4.1.1 , google talk v . 4.1.1 - 424425 )
technically no , you do not have to root your current rom before you can flash cyanogenmod on your s3 . instead , you will simply gain root when you flash cyanogenmod itself . this is due to the way in which samsung 's bootloaders work in comparison to the ones on other devices . samsung devices effectively have unlocked bootloaders right out of the gate , but they do not have a way to use the fastboot utility that other devices use . instead , you can use the odin utility ( and a third party , cross platform implementation : heimdall ) to reflash the device from its " download mode " at any time , as the cm installation instructions describe . therefore , since download mode is accessible to the end user without any sort of modifications to the device , you do not need to " root " beforehand in order to install a custom recovery ( and , by association , custom roms ) . the reason why you need root on many other devices is because it is the only way to write to the recovery partition and get the custom recovery installed . often this requires unlocking the bootloader in the process as well .
yes , there is a beta of the flash player available for download on android 2.2 . here are the details : http://www.intomobile.com/2010/05/20/android-2-2-flash-player-10-1-beta-available-for-download/
android 2.0 does not support adobe flash . adobe flash is only supported on android 2.2 , a.k. a " froyo " . however , check out this app : skyfire 2.0 for android . it is a browser , which is , by magic , able to play some embedded flash videos : supports flash web video with patent-pending adaptive streaming technology for smooth playback pinch to zoom ( on android 2.0 and above ) multi-tab browsing - open up to eight windows and browse simultaneously using visual tabs choose to load full desktop webpages or mobile optimized versions clear session history easily upon exit to maintain anonymous browsing disclaimer : i have no first hand experience with this app ( i already have android 2.2 on my nexus one ! ) . use at your own risk .
i have seen a few " flash lite " binaries floating around the net for android 2.0 . it is not flash , it is only a partial version with fewer features . unfortunately the only binary link i have is an update for the pandigital novel ; the update is probably specifically for that model , but the binary inside may work on other devices . ( if you want it , comment and i will update my answer . it is hosted on mediafire , not adobe 's website which means i am not sure how much i trust it . )
you can use any ssh client to establish a connection to your host and tail the desired file . this will not help you saving the battery , since the tail command or any other that collects " off-site " information , needs an active connection that uses network , that in turn consumes more battery . personally i use connectbot by kenny root and jeffrey sharkey available from google play store for free . connectbot is a powerful open-source secure shell ( ssh ) client . it can manage simultaneous ssh sessions , create secure tunnels , and copy/paste between other applications . this client allows you to connect to secure shell servers that typically run on unix-based servers .
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
doubletwist lets you sync your phone 's music library with your music on your computer from itunes ( and windows media player as well , i believe ) either by plugging it into your computer 's usb port , or by syncing wirelessly over-the-air ( though the wireless feature costs a little bit ) . you can find it at http://www.doubletwist.com/ and in the android market at https://market.android.com/details?id=com.doubletwist.androidplayer . another option is to sync your collection wirelessly using google music , though you can only stream your music using it , or download it and play it only using the music app ( cannot be played by other media players on your phone ) . google music is free ( for up to something like 20,000 songs ) and it backs up all your music that you have on your computer ( or that you purchase from the android market ) both to your phone and your computer .
you can synchronize with hotmail since hotmail supports exchange and you can use the outlook connector to connect outlook to hotmail .
you can try go contact sync , there are some mixed reviews on that site about it . on the other hand , i have read good things about gsyncit , but it is not free . it will sync calendars , contacts , tasks , and notes . these are not specific to android , as the information is actually syncing with google contacts , not your device .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
i use myphoneexplorer on windows7 to sync outlook 2010 with my android phone .
i have been using ‘blue syncroid’ to sync my contacts and calendars between outlook and android via bluetooth . used to forget my usb cable and unwilling to share my personal information ( contacts and calendars ) on the cloud to sync my info . pretty satisfied with the solution . simple and user friendly . they also have a trial version launched . highly recommended . visit http://www.bluesyncroid.com for more details . thumbs up !
this was an issue which has been carried over from gingerbread . although it has been long since it was fixed and merged into gingerbread too . it should work out of the box . also could you mention as to whether you are using the latest cm9 build for your device . my friend 's s3 with cm9 does not have this problem . why do not you try wiping your sdcard along with your system once for a clean install .
before you wipe your phone , consider using a free app like ringdroid to assign contacts with specific ringtones or even to just make a custom ringtone out of an mp3 track of choice .
the line down the middle points to this being a problem with the screen 's backlight . the backlight illuminates the screen from behind : the screen itself is essentially a coloured filter , which you would not be able to see without a light source . from the excessive brightness i would say it is possible the backlight has been receiving too much voltage from the rest of the system . this could have been caused by a problem in the drivers for the screen . in normal use , they control the voltage to the backlight in order to make the screen brighter or dimmer , but it could be that in this case a bug made them supply too much voltage . the backlight is actually in two halves , which can be independently controlled ( but usually are not ) : the line down the middle appears if they are not quite receiving the same voltage . if the problem went away on its own , there is probably nothing to worry about , but there is a small risk that the extra voltage may have permanently damaged the backlight . normally i would expect a voltage regulator to turn it off completely before getting to dangerous levels , but only the manufacturer would know for sure . as it is still in warranty , you should check with them . ( they may also be interested to investigate this to avoid the problem happening again to anyone else . ) you say there is still a little whiteness around the edge of the screen when it is on but entirely black : this is normal for backlit lcd screens . it happens because the blackest black the screen can display does not quite manage to filter out all the light . the filtering is worst around the edge of the screen because that is where the light comes through at an angle ( and on some displays because the light leaks around the outside of the screen ) . you probably just did not notice it before because you were not looking for it .
lg promises but fails to deliver , samsung comes up with the updates pretty quick . tries to cover all phones that might show an improvement with new version .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
our vnc server , vmlite vnc server , does not need uinput . ko at all , and works on all android devices , rooted or not . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en
it is hard enough to keep it charged with the gps and streaming - i know i do it frequently . i would not recommend trying to share data at the same time . it was not until the latest update that i could even get streaming and wifi hotspot to work without stuttering . i would strongly suggest that you use another cell phone do the wifi hotspot while your phone does the streaming and gps or get a dedicated gps and use the phone for hotspot and streaming . it is a classic example of gps , bt and wifi hotspot , pick any two . but , in the interest of science , i think you should try it ; ) just have a backup plan . edit : be sure to get a high amperage car charger - one for an ipad should work nicely since those require 2.1 amps . that should push a lot of juice to the phone and maybe keep it from dying under all that load .
this applies to music , but seems it also might generally apply to all google accounts regardless if they use google music or not . any user can associate up to 10 devices to his or her account . . . . we limit the number of times you can swap out new devices at the request of some of our music partners in an effort to limit abuse . but you may also run into an issue if there is a credit card associated with the account used to purchase apps - any student could purchase whatever from the market . if you are serious about doing this , and you did not make it very clear what you are actually wanting , you might want to consider contact a device manufacturer and setup a contract to create tablets specifically for your needs .
elefantphace provided an answer for music . here 's for books : you can access your books on different devices , including compatible android devices , ipads , iphones and ipod touches , or on the web on your computer . no matter where you read your books , when you are connected to a network ( via wi-fi or a data connection on your device ) we will automatically keep track of your reading place , so you can pick up right where you were last reading the next time you open your ebooks note : in rare occasions when a user tries to access books on a number of devices at the same time , our system may temporarily block them from opening new reading sessions . this can happen when too many readers are open on different machines or browsers . if your other reading sessions are closed or inactive , you will be able to read in this browser after a short delay . if you believe this is an error please contact our support team .
the limit is 10 devices , it is a known issue : https://support.google.com/googleplay/known-issues/1335215?hl=en
as for the app management , another approach would be using aptitude . unfortunately , the app is gone from the playstore , but the concept should still work : set up a central repository on a server , maintain all apps there , and have the clients on the devices configured to ( solely ) using this . as for paid apps , it would surely be possible to find an agreement with the devs . for details , also see the aptoide article on wikipedia : aptoide is an android ( operating system ) distributed marketplace for android applications driven by the community . in aptoide , there is not a unique and centralized store but each user manages their own store . further links : aptoide installer aptoide server apktor ( an aptoide fork ) aptoide specifications ( pdf ) f-droid is also using the same format ( and thus compatible ) bazaar uses an aptoide client there were also scripts somewhere to maintain your own repo ( on your own server ) , i just cannot find them currently .
no , there does not seem to be any configuration to remove the digit grouping on the stock calculator app . if you are not particular about using that very app , you can try out some free calculator apps from the market . i tried realcalc scientific calculator , and it is got an option in its settings to remove digit grouping .
i do not know enough about aviate to know for sure , but i can guess based on the way icons normally work in android . an app 's icon has different versions for different screen dpis , so there is no need to resize nor antialias icons . note that antialiasing is not the answer here : it works by blurring icons , so they still look wrong , just in a different way . the stock android launcher always uses the right icon for the screen 's dpi . ( actually , it uses the icon one size up , because it displays the icons larger than in early android versions when the launcher icon sizes were set . ) if the app does not come with an icon in the correct size , it uses a smaller icon . that is why , if you have what android calls an xhdpi screen ( 240 dpi or above ) , some apps will have smaller icons : it is because they do not have an xxhdpi icon . from what you describe , it looks like the icon pack that is giving you trouble does not have any icons for your screen resolution . perhaps the author of the icon pack did not realise about the different dpis . perhaps it is some limitation of the icon pack format , which is not an android standard . when this happens , aviate is picking the next smaller size and scaling up . there is no reason they could not use linear or cubic interpolation to replace the jaggies ( yes , that is the technical term ) with blurriness . if they are using the standard ImageView component , it is just a question of setting a flag on it when the icon size is wrong . however , that would be slower , and they had need to be careful to only do that when the icon is missing . it is possible there is some reason within aviate that they could not do that ; otoh , it is possible they have just never tried using icon packs with missing dpis , or they want to make it obvious to encourage icon authors to do the right thing .
this is definitely an ugly mixup , as shown in the update on verge . just a russian app with the same system id as samsung 's app . . . so no need for hysteria , not everything in russian spells a nuclear threat ; ) .
ive read a few things online this morning about the mtc app being malware or a virus , it does not show in your apps list however it was said that if it is a virus it might be piggy backing off something else installed on the phone , i had it come up on my phone but not sure how to remove it yet
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
from what i have read on xda-developers , it seems to be a russian telefoon company who pushed a update wrongfully to all ( or a big group of ) samsung s2 users . since the update isnt made for phones made cyrillic text , it could cause your phone to crash . so dont install it unless your absolutely sure you need it .
i found a fix . . . this is a piggy-back app attached via a file . go to your phone files , view your files as " list and details . " you should now see the date/times each file was created . delete all files two days before and after when you first noticed the mtc app requesting update . reboot phone and it will be gone from your market . i did this four days ago and so far no mtc app . i never choose auto update for any app due to this reason . hope this helps and good luck .
you can download the whatsapp . apk from the internet ( its like a . exe file for android ) , just search it in google .
settings -&gt; applications -&gt; manage applications -&gt; chrome -&gt; clear defaults might help you .
it looks like an update to acal has resolved my issues . so i still do not know how to troubleshoot , but it is working .
i am having similar issues on a kindle fire with icloud . one quirky workaround is to open settings | servers and disable your server ( s ) . then re-enable them . that seems to force an update . edit : a ) not sure about all calendars . b ) right , it is a workaround , not a fix . but it address your questions : " i can not figure out how much of this is acal , " likely most of it , acal being the one common element in both our observations . "*how much is my phone , *" less likely , for the same reason . "*and how much is bad data from my caldav server ( chandler hub ) *" ditto .
i have the same experience with wifi , i find leaving it on is much more convenient ( your phone will prioritize wifi over 3/4g , resulting in faster speeds and lower bills ) , and power consumption is negligible . the only time when turning off wifi conserve me some serious battery is back from my days with a sony p990i , which runs uiq3 . ah , old times . . .
if the issue is truly with messages showing as unread , you can try out this app . i had an issue last year where there was one message somewhere that was showing as unread , but i could not find it at all . it is slow to run , but it eventually marks them all as read ( or in my case just the one ) .
for those who are looking for an answer to this question : you can enable adb from a zip file that you install through recovery . i modified superuser . zip from http://download.chainfire.eu/351/supersu/update-supersu-v1.65.zip what i did was i modified system/build.prop and added persist.service.adb.enable=1 at the bottom , i also added ro.setupwizard.mode=DISABLED to disable the setup wizard which gets annoying if you wipe or flash often . then i added a precompiled sqlite3 ( do not have a link , i got it from my company 's repo ) to system/bin and the line sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db "UPDATE global SET value=1 WHERE name='adb_enabled'" to system/etc/install-recovery.sh ( although some people say modifying settings.db is optional . ) unfortunately it seems adb still requires you to accept the rsa certificate until you unpack boot . img and modify /default . prop
you could use droidwall for this if you are rooted . just deny all traffic and then allow traffic to your vpn ip/port . if you need to use a custom script see the man page of iptables for the syntax . here 's a quick , untested example . iptables -P FORWARD ACCEPT iptables -P INPUT DROP iptables -P OUTPUT DROP iptables -A OUTPUT -p udp --dport 1194 -d xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx -j ACCEPT 
yes .
no , gtalk messages are not received on android gtalk client while away ( sleeping ) . so i assume there is no pushing , as it is done in the blackberry gtalk client .
to completely remove them from device , go into : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync -&gt; (select your account) -&gt; Turn "Sync Contacts" off  now delete gmail contacts from your phone : use the method @ames suggested to filter out gmail contacts only delete all contacts ( only gmail ones will get deleted ) revert to displaying other contacts . since contacts will not be synced , this will neither delete your contacts from web version of gmail nor bring them back to your device . just be careful not to turn this setting back on .
depends on the firmware , but try this : while viewing contacts select menu button and then more display options under " select contacts to display " uncheck the gmail contacts .
selected excerpts from the official android 4 platform highlights document : the biggest changes will be for phones upgrading from gingerbread to ice cream sandwich , rather than for tablets upgrading from honeycomb , as a lot of the new ui features were introduced in honeycomb . the ui change is a big difference and brings honeycomb 's recent apps button for easier access to multi-tasking to the main-line android platform along with the system bar that it sits on . the standard lock screen now has quick access to the camera and notifications , and there will be album art and controls for music playing in the music app on the lockscreen . when an incoming call arrives , users can now quickly respond by text message , without needing to pick up the call or unlock the device . improved text input and spell-checking on the standard android 4 keyboard android 4.0 introduces a powerful new voice input engine that offers a continuous " open microphone " experience and streaming voice recognition . to meet the needs of users with tiered or metered data plans , android 4.0 adds new controls for managing network data usage . enhanc [ ing ] the accessibility of android 4.0 for blind or visually impaired users . most important is a new explore-by-touch mode that lets users navigate without having to see the screen . a new people app that offers richer profile information , including a large profile picture , phone numbers , addresses and accounts , status updates , events , stream items , and a new button for connecting on integrated social networks . the user 's own contact information is stored in a new " me " profile , allowing easier sharing with apps and people . an updated calendar app brings together personal , work , school , and social agendas . a new visual voicemail features integrates incoming messages , voice transcriptions , and audio files from one or more providers . the camera app includes many new features . . . continuous focus , zero shutter lag exposure . . . stabilized image zoom . . . users can now take snapshots at full video resolution just by tapping the screen as video continues to record . . . built-in face detection locates faces in the frame and automatically sets focus . . . single-motion panorama mode . . . redesigned gallery app with photo editor live effects for transforming video instantly sync and manage google chrome bookmarks from all . . . accounts android beam for nfc-based sharing [ requires nfc hardware integrated into the device ] face unlock wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi built-in support for connecting to bluetooth health device profile ( hdp ) devices . . . users can connect to wireless medical devices and sensors in hospitals , fitness centers , homes , and elsewhere also your manufacturer , asus , may have added or updated their own specific software , and some of the new features may only be available if your manufacturer has not customized/replaced the original android app .
fast answer : nes . yo . well , it all depends . . . on how you use your device . detailed answer self-experiment i just did a self-experiment to find out . until now , i had all my devices fixed to 2g -- as that should " save juice " , like the question suggests . so for 4 days now , i have 3g enabled . surprisingly : no difference which could not be explained by measurement errors or slightly different situations ( after all , i had a . no lab conditions and b . just tested with a single device ) . humm . time to go for some facts , and do some calculations . hard data i already posted some hard data on battery consumptions of components as answer to the question what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? , more than half a year ago . so now i picked the relevant values , made an average over the two devices , and -- i admit -- slightly adjusted things to reduce differences : i took the best gsm ( 2g ) speed possible to make 2g seem faster i took worse conditions to " slow down " umts ( 3g ) to conditions which should be met even in areas where it was not improved to the " the latest cutting-edge " ( oh , speaking of " edge": 2g assumes edge here ) . and now i have got some surprising answers : whether 2g saves more juice than 3g , or vice versa , depends on how you use your device . i created 4 different " usage-groups " , and added a 5 th special case at the end . here are my results : few phone minutes , few data yeah -- that is me : 150 . . 300 minutes talk per month , that makes not more than an average of 5 . . 10 min per day . i have a 50 mb data flat , and hardly ever use it up ( which makes for ~ 1.5 mb/day ) . so i am mostly left with " standby": ~umts stdby 15 mw ~gsm stdby 10 mw consider that your screen uses 400 . . 800 mw on average when turned on , a difference of 5 mw can safely be ignored . besides , the little data even compensate -- but i get ahead of myself . the 24/7 caller with no time for data . . . better switches to 2g : ~umts tel 800 mw ~gsm tel 400 mw as you can see , when on-call , 3g uses about twice as much juice than 2g would use ( and you do not speak faster on 3g -- a call is a call , and will take the same time ) . so if you spend a lot of time in calls , and have only little data traffic , you are much better off with 2g/gsm . few phone minutes , but big data sucker here comes the big surprise : this group saves a lot when sticking with 3g/umts : ~umts xfer 1200 mw ~edge xfer 1000 mw does not look like a huge difference ? ok : looking on " how much does it suck per minute " might not make the big deal . so we need a second component : ~umts speed dl/ul 7/1 mbit/s ( hsdpa/hsupa ) ~edge speed dl/ul 200/100 kbit/s you see i assumed max speed for edge , but not the state-of-the-art ( 20 mbit/s downstream ) for umts . umts coverage might differ between areas , but the 7+ mbit/s should be available everywhere . now let 's look how long the download/upload of 1 mb data takes , and how much juice that corresponds to : ~umts 1mb dl/ul 1s/8s ~ 1200/9600 mws ~edge 1mb dl/ul 40s/80s ~ 40.000/80.000 mws that is about a factor of 1:7 for upload , and even more than 1:30 for download ! so yeah : this group is definitely better off sticking to 3g ! ! ! multi-tasker : 24/7 on call while using full data this now very much depends on what " full data " stands for , and if you are really a 24/7 on-call-boy ( or girl ) . no clear answer for this , you must put your own data into the equation and do the calculation . it is rather 50:50 -- as with group #1 , you might run a " zero growth " -- or tend to either group 2 or group 3 . special case : the " hopper " especially in rural areas , coverage might be , humm , " slippery " . your device might be permanently toggling between 2g and 3g , always on the hunt for the better signal . here all the above might become relative , as the toggling itself is drinking the juice . if you are in such a situation : check to which of the 4 groups above you fit best , and fix your device to either 3g or 2g , depending on . btw : a similar situation would be if you have got the idea to toggle between 2g/3g whenever you switch your display off/on . as the toggling requires up to 10s full-power ( to find the corresponding stations ; 2g and 3g use different frequencies ) , you would not really " save juice " . epilog yepp , i completely forgot about 4g/lte . but incidentally . first : i have no 4g/lte device for a self-experiment . second : i have no " hard data " on 4g/lte . so all i could do is guessing . doing that , ok , ok : it most likely will be the same as above -- just increment the numbers by one : )
i agree that the network coverage has direct impact on the battery life . if you have a good 4g coverage , your battery will last longer than if you use 2g but with bad coverage . anyway , the white paper of xperia v for example gives more battery if your smartphone uses 3g than in 2g mode . the same with other xperia smartphones . is it a mystery or is it a mistake ?
for me switching to 2g has helped my battery last 2-3 hours longer . i use a samsung galaxy s3 i9300 . was using 3g connection for the first two months and the battery would be over by 14-15 hours under normal-heavy usage . switched to 2g data couple of months back and the battery life has improved by 2-3 hours . my usage has always been the same with both 3g and 2g . i use about 1.5gb of data every month . switching to 2g gave me better battery life for the same usage . but while travelling , when there is fluctuations in network coverage , even 2g network mode drains battery . the network coverage has direct impact on the battery life . the better the network coverage , the better the battery life . screen , data transfer and games are the biggest battery hoggers for me . i have used some battery saving applications before but never found it to be useful , though other users may differ , its my opinion .
you will need to download the app blueinput . bit of a pain but will allow you to use the keyboard .
you can use smart app protector or similar software . however i have not tested it personally . i use miui rom which have these functions built in .
i cannot find any specific accessories on the official samsung product page . however a tv-out cable exists which presumable ( if the projector has all the necessary inputs ) can also be used to show the picture from the tab on the projector : product name : samsung ecc1tp0bbegsta galaxy tab tv out cable unfortunately the cable does not offer hdmi - output : only rca video . an hdmi adapter for the galaxy tab series exists but it is not compatible with your specific model ( galaxy tab 2 7.0 ) see the following product page
the galaxy tab 2 7.0 p3100 has no capability to connect to an external display . the necessary hardware was not included in that model . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
you need to use a special adapter for that . you need this : samsung p4 p5 hdtv adapter for samsung galaxy tab 10.1 , galaxy tab 8.9 , galaxy tab 7.7 and galaxy tab 7.0 plus sanoxy® black hdmi input to vga adapter converter for pc / laptop 6ft svga vga monitor mm male to male extension cable 80 if the projector has an hdmi slot then you do not need the hdmi to vga and the vga to vga , you just need to use the samsung epl-3phpbegxar galaxy tab hdtv adapter and then an hdmi cable .
if you update to the latest version of " google search " in the market , it includes a pencil icon next to each item in the search history , for this exact problem . tapping the pencil loads the search term into the search box , but does not initiate a search for it .
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
if your phone is rooted you can try volume+ .
yes , you can try an app like volume master free . there are quite a few that do this :- )
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
dsp manager is by far the best option out there . or there is volume+ https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhhl=en
i am happy with smart keyboard .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
you can install htc_ime modified http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=624416 and make a gesture for cycling between en / cz .
yes you can add the email adress from your gapps account via settings > accounts and synchronisation > add account then enter your credentials and you can access your accounts email , contacts and calendar without automatically sharing information from your private calendar with your colleagues . but you need to watch out which account you use creating new calendar entries from now on . after that you need to open your calendar application and press menu > calendar > select the calendars you want to see . if you do not want to see your work emails you can easily decide which items you want to synchronize with your device . merging the calendars is not really necessary since you can view many different calendars in the calendar application .
i know how to do it . . with " linux installer " software you can install chrooted debian . then i had to re-build my libpcap and wireshark on gtab because my overcome kernel did support mmapped packet ring buffer . i can give detailed instructions if anyone needs . . . oh , i forgot about x11 . . you will have to start x11 vncserver inside chrooted debian on your android , and then connect to 127.0.0.1 from your android with your favourite vnc client in order to access " x11" . . let 's call this approach x11.99_pre_alpha_8 ) )
i run tcpdump on a rooted galaxy tab and capture the output onto sd card . when i think i have captured what i want . i " adb pull " the capture file onto a linux box and view the output with wireshark .
i know this question has been asked a while ago , but on the cyanogenmod 7 version of adw , you have to go in ui settings , then set the dock size to 3 or less and enable " desktop dots " . i think there is similar option on the original version . . .
i found one that does just this last week . check out http://www.youmail.com . it is an app you download , but can manage it from their website . you can record different greetings for different people ; family , business and the main reason i got it . . . . the number has been disconnected for people i really do not want to talk to ! i also have a msg just for blocked called ids , telling them i dont accept them and to unblock their number . and . . . it is free : )
google voice allows you to do this . you can make up to four different answering-recordings and specify who gets directed to which one , and that the called automatically gets directed to voicemail , without ringing your phone . you have to configure the settings at http://voice.google.com , but after that , the app will even give you a neat widget that transcribes your voicemails !
i have never heard of this - this is somewhat unheard of , block hidden numbers and load up a sound file and play it which defeats the purpose of a number being blocked , in pseudo-code , for the most part of call-blocking apps , it would be something like this : if incoming_number is on block_list send reject_call else allow  now , if what you are saying is this - to play a sound file , it would mean that the incoming blocked number would have the handset open in which android would notify there is an incoming call , and re-route the playing of the sound file to the speaker , technically that is quite a difficult thing to do ! but , there is an app to do something like what you are looking for - ' private stop ' - no one likes getting " private " or " hidden " number calls , you can use private stop to block nuisance callers , marketeers , stalkers , anyone that hides their number . private stop blocks the call and pushes the caller to your voice mail so you can decide if you want to communicate with the " hidden " caller or not
packages.xml located in /data/system/ contains it some interesting links that might answer your question : export installed apps list export list of apps with links ?
with a terminal emulator app ( or via adb shell ) , you can use the following command to get a list of installed applications : pm list packages  there are some optional switches for this command that will give you more information , such as the location and name of the apk file as well . keep in mind that this command lists both 3rd-party app as well as system ones that came pre-installed on your device . if you are generating the list for the purpose of re-installing the apps on the new rom , you might want to look into the appbrain app market app . once you are signed in with your google account and synced up , it will save the installed apps as a list that you can view and manage online . after installing a new rom , you simply download the appbrain app from the market first and use it to re-install other apps from the saved list by doing the following : launch appbrain app . select the Manage And Sync option . sign in with the same google account as you did before . tap the My lists... button and select the list you have created previously . tap the Add all apps button . this will queue up all of the applications you had installed on the previous rom for installation . go back to the previous screen and tap the Execute changes button which will automatically bring you to the market page for installing the apps .
you can move any apps to sdcard if you are rooted . there are apps on the market for it move2sd enabler and app swap better yet , if you are using custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) , some of them have settings to allow you to migrate any apps . you might want to check those out first if you are using custom rom . if you want to do it manually ( not recommended for pregnant man , or those currently having a heart attack ) , then you can use terminal emulator or adb to run a few fairly standard set of linux/unix commands . the mount command can rebind any folder in your filesystem another location in the filesystem . alternatively , you may also create symbolic links using the ln command . see the mount and ln manual for this .
android os versions 2.2 and above have built-in functionality for moving apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; SD Card , then tap on any available app without a checkmark , and the button Move to SD card should be enabled . this will move a major portion of the app to the sd card and free up space for more apps . if you are rooted and running a custom rom that supports ext2/3/4 partition types , there are special scripts available that can " fool " your phone into thinking that a portion of your sd card is actually part of the internal memory , thus allowing you to install tons of apps without most of the disadvantages of built-in method . be advised that this method is fairly complicated to install , and requires re-partitioning of the sd card , flashing a hacky script , and can cause instability of the phone .
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
what you need to connect a galaxy s4 to a tv is an mhl-to-hdmi adapter , like this one that i use . you connect the micro-usb bit to the phone , the big usb end to a charger ( the adapter needs power . this will also allow your phone to charge while you are using it like this ) , and the hdmi to the tv . audio will come out of the tv , or whatever it sends the audio to normally . if you select a different mhl adapter and it is not specifically advertised as being for a galaxy s3 or s4 , you will need an 11-to-5 pin adapter , like this one , to use it with your phone , as samsung uses a different connector for mhl than most other devices do .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
you can use everytrail audio guide , that is available for android and iphone . everytrail android available at google play , you have a free and a paid version . everytrail iphone you can track your route with your gps while travelling it . you can also add pictures and audio clips .
when that happens , try to see the running apps and services in the background . you will most probably things like messaging apps and other running apps , the app that has downloaded that apk file is most probably still running as a service . it might in fact be the browser ( see if that is running ) . if not , my understanding is that any app can trigger a download in the " downloads " app , so it might not be related . you can get a task killer/manager to inspect and kill apps which you suspect are the source of this , but the one that is in the settings> applications> running ( or similar ) should be enough . tl ; dr trial and error . kill the apps you suspect and see if it continues .
i am still do not know how to answer my question for android os 2 . x , but for android os 4 . x there is a nice feature - you can long press any notification in status bar and choose app info popup menu , which will opens " app info " screen of application , what was created this notification . very nice feature , but i did not find analogue on os 2 . x
probably the quickest fix is going to be when it downloads an . apk , go to the notification , long press it , and when " app info " pops up , click it . it will open in the application manager the app that downloaded it . ( it may not be available on your phone , but it works on my s3 . ) your application manager is another wealth of information . there are way too many specifics to get into much detail about , but for example an app that is supposed to be offline , look at it is data usage . if it has used several mb of data , there is your culprit . you could also narrow down the suspects by looking at the permissions . if it does not require network access , it can not download anything . ( although if this does not work , i am not sure how trustworthy the permissions tags really are if we are dealing with a trojan ) .
i rooted my phone and loaded busybox with terminal and just on a whim , iftop was there . either iftop or tcpdump will tell you everything . tcpdump -i -w mydumpfile . pcap let it run and when you think it happened , stop tcpdump and bring the . pcap into wireshark . it will tell all .
see if delayed lock works for you . it is a 7-day trial app , with in-app purchase for license . additionally , there is also an optional notification in the android status bar and a widget to immediately reenable the lock screen , and free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations . others have used a combination of tasker and secure settings with this configuration : profile : state > bluetooth connected Task &gt; Plugin &gt; Secure Settings &gt; Password/Pin &gt; Disabled exit task : Task &gt; Plugin &gt; Secure Settings &gt; Password/Pin &gt; Enabled (Set to my old PIN number)
you might just use the audio jack . i know this works with headphones when making calls , maybe it would work with playing the audio through speakers too ?
for the " minimal bluetooth device " -- it sounds like your minimum is streaming bluetooth audio ( calls and media ) to the stereo . for that , i have found the motorola t505 to work well with android . it pairs via bluetooth to your phone and has a built in fm transmitter to send audio to your stereo . it handled music and calls very well on my samsung vibrant with 2.1 and 2.2 so your evo should be fine . as far as redundant features -- only that it also functions as a standalone speakerphone , which i considered more a perk than problem .
check that the device supports a2dp and avrcp . you will find many handsfree kits that connect to your stereo support those ( it is what i use ) - check out parrot 's range for examples . then you can use a separate mount and charger so that when you replace your phone you do not have to replace everything .
agreed , i think mobilesheets or the fakebook ( my favourite ) is the way to go . quick browsing in music and ( almost ) no delay when swiping between pages . some of the other features between these two varies , so ymmv . fakebook is at http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.skrivarna.fakebook.android hope this helps !
i think that mobilesheets http://www.zubersoft.com/mobilesheets/about.html might be useful ?
i have been using mobilesheets recently and have used it with big band charts that i scanned in as pdf files . the nice feature i found was the ability to set links ( up to 10 per song ) back to a d . s , sign and then from the " to coda " sign jump there using a airturn 105 pedal . worked great in a performance where i had the set list set up and could just keep hitting the pedal to go to the next song or section of a song without trying to flip multiple pages in the charts . i was using my asus tablet a tf101 which is a little smaller than my freehand music pad which i have used for a few years . the freehand its reaching the end soon and i have been looking for a replacement and the mobilesheets supports pdf , and image files much better so i am thinking the android will be a good change . i am looking for the right size screen the asus p1801-t ( has battery 5 hours ) is a possibility or the viewsonic vsd221 ( no battery ) . either of those could display ( 2 ) pages i think .
one option ( probably the easiest ) would be to install cyanogenmod on your phone . i do not recall offhand if the latest stable release ( 7.0.3 ) is based on 2.3.4 or 2.3.3 , but you could certainly use a nightly build instead which would be 2.3.4 . the forums for the droid can be found here , and they have a section for stable builds and a section for nightly builds that you can take a look at . for detailed instructions on how to prepare and install cyanogenmod , the best resource is their wiki page .
is this an external sd card ? if so , you can simply remove it from the sd card slot , and use either an sd card reader on the laptop , which may be built in , or you can get a cheap adapter that takes an sd card , and acts like a usb drive . i have seen them on amazon for as little as $2.25 including shipping , or nicer ones for $5 - $10 . search for " sd card reader " to see . then , you can use gparted to partition it . just make sure to use the correct filesystem ( s ) .
i am doing this through goomanager . first of all , you are rooted right ? also , this might seem obvious but i am going to suggest it anyway : have you tried installing it through cwm recovery ? that seems to be the normal way to install/wipe roms , so i would try that first . see howto : using the recovery . also , your rom installation zip might be corrupt . double check the md5 sum on it , if it does not match , try redownloading it . try another rom , might be a corrupt version of the rom ( if it is a nightly for example ) . if you have any questions or additional details , comment and i will update this answer .
android shares very little with a typical linux distribution . in fact , this is where richard stallman 's " gnu/linux " distinction comes in handy — android is not really a unix-like general purpose operating system with a linux kernel . it is a new system which happens to use the linux kernel . this goes all the way down to its own custom libc implementation ( called " bionic" ) , which does not necessarily attempt posix compliance . this article from zdnet covers a talk which gives a pretty good overview of the system , and although it is a couple of years old it is still basically correct and helpful .
ics = internet connection sharing . i believe it is the service that lets a computer connect to the internet through your device over usb . you can safely remove it if you do not use it .
the 3g g900h and the sm-g900h are the same , but sm-g900h is the proper name for it . now that we know those two devices are the same , we can compare the sm-g900h with the g900f- sm-g900h only supports 3g hspa+ networks , no lte support , and will work nearly everywhere in the world except some markets in north/south america uses an exynos 5 octa 5422 processor ( split into a quad-core 1.9 ghz cortex-a15 , and a quad-core 1.3 ghz cortex-a7 ) does not have a good development community for custom recoveries/roms sm-g900f european model supports lte networks ( bands 1,3,5,7,8,20 ) uses a snapdragon 801 ( quad core 2.5 ghz ) has a fairly good development community ( custom recoveries/roms/etc ) benchmark misc sm-g900h has a 133 mhz higher stock ram speed than the sm-g900f , supports hardware assisted virtualization , and is generally more power efficient .
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
i have been using the free sshelper ( without rooting ) since it recently added zeroconf broadcasting . it provides an ssh and rsync ( file transfer ) server , while also broadcasting a zeroconf name . another avahi/bonjour client can connect without needing to know the android hostname . explained in more detail in this other answer : set hostname for sshelper
the short answer is no , the baseband firmware is not for public usage ( read carefully , i am referring to the programmatic details of this , i.e. api 's ) the baseband radio is isolated and proprietary and does not " exist " outside the realm of android , rather , its using libraries which are closed source that interacts with the radio firmware . if you are curious to know exactly behind the scenes in how android works with the radio firmware , look at my answer on stackoverflow , it is technically orientated but will emphasize my previous paragraph . and also , for consideration , to be honest , there is a grey area involved in using the gsm frequencies for short band transmission like as in walkie talkies , and furthermore , those gsm frequencies are explicitly reserved for the usage of gsm network traffic , 900mhz , 1800mhz , 2100mhz . another aspect , you may have to acquire a license for this to be able to do so as far as laws are concerned within the jurisdiction of your country . - that i do not know ! edit : radio fm apps that receives radio broadcasts of music , news etc , that is a different story , that uses a fm transmitter which is a s-o-c ; this will vary depending on the chip-set used , so do not get that mixed up either with radio firmware as far as 2g/3g is concerned : ) disclaimer : i am not a legal expert , but if , and this is a big if this is possible , to do this - take heed and consult with your local laws .
i had this issue but found older versions of youtube online (freewarelovers.com), downloaded the apk file through my phone browser and it installed . now it is working fine . i did have to take a gamble regarding which version to download but i used 2.3.4 . ( i used to have version 4.4 but could not find it online . )
install calendar app enable calendar sync select calendars to sync
google tv is an old set-top box ( stb ) product line , conceived as a competitor with apple tv , using intel-based hardware and initially without access to google play . after a rushed launch and a series of bad product reviews , google tv had been pretty much abandoned as a product line , and is now replaced by android tv . in addition , other manufacturers have brought out some android-based stbs which are just normal android devices in a different form factor . these support normal android apps but have often been a bit awkward to use because each manufacturer has their own big-screen user interface , and because many apps do not work well without a touch screen . android tv is basically a new version of android for stbs and smart tvs . it adds features to android to provide more commonality between different tv products , and to make it easier for app authors to support this form factor . like the earlier android stbs , it is a stand-alone device ( it could be the only android device you own ) providing a full android experience controlled directly through the tv interface ( e . g . with a d-pad on a remote ) . you can use it to read and write email on the tv screen , to play games , to watch videos from youtube , and c . in contrast , chromecast is an entirely passive device . chromecast is just a cable for plugging your android device ( or another computer with google chrome ) into your tv 's display , but as it is a wireless device there is no physical cable . even so , it is only useful for using your tv as the display for another device . you can not control it with your tv , only with the device that is connected to the chromecast . with chromecast , anything you can do on your phone is visible on the tv screen , so you can use it to watch videos from youtube or to see a game on the big screen ( useful in combination with a wireless game controller ) , but there is no tv-based user interface .
the answer to this question will likely vary from device to device because cyanogenmod focuses their efforts on popular devices , and older phones do not get as much love and attention . from my research , success with the pebble also then varies per device ( source 1 , 2 , 3 ) . some people have had success and never encounter a single issue . others have connectivity issues ( not connecting , connection drops , etc . ) or battery draining problems . suggested solutions are : flash a different kernel try any other aftermarket android project ( aokp , pacman , slimroms , paranoid ) conclusion : you will probably need to flash the rom ( s ) and test it yourself . always backup first . copy that backup to an external device , just in case . it more than likely that it will work without any hiccups . if for whatever reason you are not satisfied , then you can always restore to your backup . sidenote : your statement that " cyanogenmod does not include ' features ' which are in the normal android operating system " is incorrect . from cyanogenmod 's about page : based on the android open source project , cyanogenmod is designed to increase performance and reliability over android-based roms released by vendors and carriers such as google , t-mobile , htc , etc . they use the same android source code as any other vendor , except that they actually improve and enhance the android user experience . they do not remove standard features and services . i think of cm as what android should be , but thats debatable .
enhanced email from the market will allow to choose account and notification colors for each account . however it lacks the subject in the notification , which is why i stick with stock .
i have tried on my galaxy s3 and i could not find a way to do this . searching on the web returns nothing more ( aside of trying to delete/recreate an account until it is given the color you want , wich i did not tried ) . you can use another mail client than the one pre-installed on the gs3 . i have tried the following ones : maildroid : great one , possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , free version is add-based aquamail : good one too , you can choose the color for each account from 8 predefined colros , free version has no adds k-9 mail : possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , no adds , but looks a bit old
as i just wrote on the same question for another device 5 min ago : this is a quite frequent question , so you will find a lot of ansers in the related links section , and now some in the linked section of this page as well . i could not verify my search results , but basically there should be different approaches available for this device : using a dialer code though this option will not be available to you currently , since you cannot unlock your device , i will include this option for completeness : open your telephone app ( dialer ) dial *2767*3855# follow the instructions this is not a real phone call , but rather a " magic number " ( shortcut to system functions ) . via the system menu also currently unavailable to you : in menu mode select settings &rarr ; privacy &rarr ; factory data reset &rarr ; reset tablet using hardware keys only this probably is the only option left to you : turn your tab off press and hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button . use power up to move the cursor to the left , and power button to select . use the power up / power down buttons as cursors to move to the factory reset use the power up / power down buttons to scroll to " confirm " . last word : be aware that with a factory-reset all your manually installed apps and all your data on internal/phone memory are lost , so backup what you need before ! i guess you knew that , but just in case ; )
if you were able to unlock the device , you would go to Settings ~> Privacy ~> Factory Data Reset and follow instructions . done ! since you do not have access to os , press and hold " volume down + power " for 10 seconds . screen will appear with standard droid recovery icon . select it with volume down key and press volume up to enter . now , you are in recovery mode from where you can factory reset your device . depending on your device sub-model , if its not working , try " volume up + home + power " for 10 seconds . when something is displayed on screen , release power button while holding other ones . if this one is also not working , turn on device with power button and just after first display , press and hold " volume up + volume down " for 10 seconds .
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
i do not know where you can find drivers for your specific device ; but for most devices ( of different manufacturers ) , koush 's universal adb driver does a good job on windows 7 and 8 as well . you can download them from the linked site , and find instructions there as well .
you can find usb drivers for the prestigio multipad pmp3370b ( aka prestigio multipad 7.0 ultra ) in the manufacturer website just click the download link for the . zip file corresponding to your model , as seen in the screenshot . at the time of this answer , the file name is PMP3370B_20121217_V1.0.8.zip , this file is ~224 mb size and it does contain usb drivers for windows 2000/xp/vista/7 ( 32-bit ) and windows vista/7 ( 64-bit ) , besides firmware update image file , upgrade manuals ( in english/russian , 32/64-bit ) and other tools . i can tell it because i downloaded it myself and looked inside .
whenever you connect your nook in usb mode your usb storage from nook gets unmounted and mounts in your computer . after its unmounted the os can no longer find your screensaver . that is why android does not want you to keep widgets in usb storage . similarly apps moved to usb storage no longer works while connected to your computer . if you move the screensaver to internal partition then it will work even when mounted to computer . for this your nook must be rooted .
try flashing your sgs2 with the siyah kernel . it proved effective for me . grab the latest version of the kernel from the official site http://www.gokhanmoral.com/ able to connect flash drives , mouse and keyboard . yet to test with external hdd with and without external power . please post if you come up with any other device that can be connected
yes mms can send png files . even if they change the extension , it should not matter as long as the mime type is in tact . and even if that is different , the image has a specific " header " that should be read by the mms app . afaik , android does not change the extension , or the mime type . ( at least the stock mms app , and the galaxy s app ) but that does not mean it will work with other phones . they might not have the ability to view the file type .
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
some android devices , mostly older ones , and cdma2000 devices , will attempt to let you not use them without activation . usually the ' provision ' application has a secret code that can bypass the ' mandatory ' activation - e.g. , on the motorola droid 2 global it is upper left corner , upper right corner , lower right corner , lower left corner ( the lower corners being above the software buttons , not the absolute corner of the screen ) - do that and you can use the phone unactivated ( for battery life considerations , put the phone in airplane mode ) . newer devices , including the n4 , should just let you skip the activation altogether ; a lot of the google applications will continually beg for google credentials , however , if you do not log in .
you can use google now : say " ok google now " , say " set alarm for one hour " , then touch " set alarm "
it sounds like what you want is a timer rather than an alarm clock . ( did you look in the play store ? ) one very simple timer app i use is tick ! . tap to open use your finger to spin the dial to the amount of time you want to count down tap to start the timer
you could try an app called simple alarm clock by a developer called moula soft inc . it is in the google app store . i like it .
you can define the default number yourself : open the " contacts " / " people " app tap the contact to view it long-tap ( i.e. . tap-and-hold ) the number you want to make the default , a pop-up will open select " make default "
two steps to speed the linux kernel boot : configure the linux kernel with a minimal set of device drivers , that is , only the drivers need to boot and load the root filesystem . every driver , filesystem , or subsystems that can be built as a module ( that you want in the kernel but not used during boot ) should be configured as a module rather than statically linked in . to see how much time is used in loading drivers during boot , you should modify the kernel command line with the option " initcall_debug " . this will cause timing information to be printed to the console for each initcall . initcalls are used to initialize statically linked kernel drivers and subsystems , and contribute a significant amount of time to the linux boot process . reconfiguring any unneeded drivers to loadable modules will subtract that initcall time from the kernel boot time . modify the kernel command line with the option " quiet " . this will disable most of the output of log messages to the console . of course this should only be done after you have a stable kernel . more techniques are here
the gmail app for android is not the same as the gmail . com website . you do not have to sign in when you open the app , because you already signed into your google account as part of the initial setup procedure , when you first turned on your phone or tablet . it is normal and expected for the gmail app to take you directly to your inbox . if you want to see other folders ( such as your sent messages ) , tap where it says " inbox " at the top of the screen — it is a drop-down menu . contacts are a separate app . look for " contacts " or " people " in your list of app icons .
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
i am using this fine app here and i like it . but if you go to play store and search for " sms blocker " there are many of the kind , having customer/user comments which are a good idea to read to have a picture of the app . imho always start with trial version and use the one fits best your needs .
opensource iptableslog app does exactly that . the features are : real time log display hostname resolving per app view filters based on app name , hostname , port it needs root and busybox .
on my samsung device it is : home > > menu > > settings > > voice input and output > > text-to-speech settings > > driving mode
got it , went snooping into handcent messaging settings and turned off pop up and notifications .
you can use adb to test phone functionality . adb tool can be obtained from android sdk . there are a number of test commands which you can use to test your phone . steps are as follows : cd to your adb directory . connect your phone to pc via usb . type the following command : ' adb devices ' ( without quotes ) you should see your android listed in the cli . you can also enter device shell : 'adb shell' (without quotes)  list sd card contents : 'ls -l' (regular unix file navigation commands)  if you can access your device shell , it is most likely that your motherboard is working fine . there are several commands to check as well :
first off , this almost certainly is nothing to do with your new google account . the twitter app has access to all the accounts on your phone with which it can suggest contacts . this means it probably looked at one or both of your personal imap accounts and used those to suggest contacts to you , rather than you ' empty ' google account . the question you linked to is probably correct although instead of your google email address the suggested contacts probably have one of your personal email accounts in their address book .
you need to open a local terminal shell , by using a " terminal emulator " like app . otherwise you will not get an su'able shell . since aos 4.2.2 , adb is not letting you use " su " , to get root shell , on stock " enforced " selinux devices . then do this : su 0 setenforce 0  if you need to make this permanent to last between re-boots , you need to find where this is originally set in the various init.*.rc files in boot . img and change it , and reflash . . .
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special “fuel gauge” chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current — it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses “a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge™ to track the battery’s relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile” . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this “modelgauge” scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 — it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors — neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
everything should be backed up . you are never enough careful when you do such manipulations .
if it is gmail , then these are in data and titanium fully supports them . google play is a system package , and as are many other gapps . you must flash them using the zip provided , but you can use titanium to restore their data , although all the data is backed up online .
yes , as indicated on the user manual . i am currently using a sandisk class 4 32gb formatted with exfat , works just fine . stock rom , unrooted .
i have had a similar issue on my nexus 4 device , here is what i did to stop the issue : go to your ' settings ' menu , then go to ' accounts ' . select ' google ' and check which google service has a sync issue . if you cant see any apps with sync issues , you will have to do as user ' laural h ' mentioned above : disable them all , and re-enable them one by one , checking that it syncs properly ( before enabling the next one ) . when you find the app with sync issues , open the problematic app and login with your google credentials .
you could try installing the newest version of google play . if you do not want to do that , try one of these : go to settings-> accounts-> google-> sync data and disable all your google account sync items individually . then enable the app data and try again before enabling the rest of your sync items . go to settings-> apps-> menu-> clear app preferences . clearing the play cache .
call actions and reminders does offer this , amongst many other things : 1-click actions after a call : copy the call details in the system clipboard call back send an sms view the contact or add a new number to the contacts list send an email . in case the contact has an email , the application will use it share the contact details with its vcard if available . id set the application can only share the details as plain text . make a google search of the phone number , which may be helpful to research unknown numbers create a reminder associated to the contact or phone number : [ . . . ] screenshot during an ongoing call ( click image for larger variant ) more details can be found behind above link : )
if it is a gmail account ( eg , myemail@gmail.com ) or you have not added the domain to the email address (eg,moo@cow.com), you cannot use manual setup . personally i would recommend ditching the native mail app and going with k9 - it is a far superior email client .
unless you want to build a lock screen that is like motorola 's one or find a lock screen that you like from the market , i think you are out of luck otherwise .
does chrome render other websites in their " mobile " formats correctly ? if yes , you had need to correctly configure your website ( probably checking for user agent , and redirecting to mobile site ) correctly , so as to render the mobile site .
i managed to finally uninstall using titanium backup 's force uninstall feature
apparently the lotus notes traveler app makes itself the device administrator on the phone . you need to disable this before uninstalling it . the following quote is from lotus faq : you should uninstall lotus notes traveler by launching the lotus® mobile installer application , then selecting the lotus notes traveler application and choosing uninstall . if you choose to uninstall manually and your device is running android 2.2 or above , you must first disable the device administrator . to do so , select menu > settings > location and security > select device administrators . after you have disabled the lotus notes traveler device administrator , you can use the operating system to remove lotus notes traveler , by navigating to menu > settings > applications > manage applications . you can uninstall lotus mobile installer using the normal method for uninstalling applications on your android device .
i would install the android sdk on your pc and attempt the uninstall through adb : adb uninstall packagename packagename is probably something like com.ibm.lotusnotes , i do not know the exact name since it does not appear to be publicly available .
if you have rom manager installed , try doing a " fix permissions "
sorry to say , but there is no or alternate way for this . i had lost my phone and i was having some contacts on whatsapp which i dont have anywhere else . this thing is a bit wrong , because whatsapp would use your own phonebook to check which of your contacts have whatsapp . it will not let you add any user to your stock pile by just adding them as friends . is there any way to reach to that contacts . if there is a backup of the data on google servers , then there might be an option . but i do not think that would work ! so there is no way to get them back . i know this is not a technical question concerned with android true , but actually this is a site for the android questions . so you are in the correct place . to ask how to get data , but now about how to get data from a lost phone . thats impossible . possible things that would help well these are not the helping materials , but just in case to remind you that , in the settings , did you check backup my data . if so , try signing in google from other phone , it might give you some data . not sure of this but you said the contacts were no where else but on whatsapp , so try signing in to whatsapp again , maybe they still have those contacts for you !
sign back into watsapp your contacts will be there . i was surprised to find them there when i signed back in but using a new number . i had lost my phone . im guessing watsapp recognises your gmail sign in so your sync contacts to your google and watsapp account will . automatically be available .
have you tried to go to https://www.google.com/contacts/ and see if your contacts are backed up there ? that is the only possible way to get data from a stolen device , by having your data synced somewhere .
whatsapp dont remembers ur gmail contact info . whtsapp simply add contacts from the phonebook . you got a new phone and synced your gmail account , then you will have those old contacts same as you had in old phone . that is the reason . whatsapp primary id is your phone number alone , not any other info .
based on your comment , are you looking for these things ? you can either use real android device or lookup existing internet resources to examine the code . p.s. do not ever attempt to use android emulator to perform testing . as it is not reliable at all . html5 compatibility table list desktop and mobile browsers http://caniuse.com/ desktop , tablet , mobile , television and gaming browsers http://html5test.com/compare/browser/index.html mobile browsers http://mobilehtml5.org/ coremob ( www.coremob.org ) : mobile web app profile https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0auihlk0fcwp4defpr1puwhk1qvczcv9xbfatx19cmxc#gid=0 test it yourself ringmark ( mobile browser test suite by facebook ) http://rng.io/
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
i used to have the same issue a while ago . i was going through my facebook and i saw and advertisement for a battery saving app called battery doctor . i have tried all kinds of battery saving apps but none of them really did the job quite as well as i was hoping , so i decided to give this one a chance . i downloaded it and was surprised at how well it works . it not only has a unique 3-step charging system but goes through your apps and tells you what apps are draining your battery and gives you the option to close them within the app . it keeps a graph of how many minutes you save when using the app . it is super helpful and i think you should try downloading this app to see if it fixes your problem . the best part about it is the app is free . here is the link to the app
wakelock detector should show you if there is one ( or more ) apps keeping your phone awake overnight . you could also ( if you are rooted ) try betterbatterystats . it is a paid app but it can be found on xda if you want to try it out ( the thread was started by the author ) . i have included their message on why they make it available free on xda below . betterbatterystats is available on the android market for what i believe is a fair price . if you like my work and want to support me please fell free to show your gratitude by buying the app .
my response is specifically in respect to exchange based device administrators . what you should find is , dependant on some security policies device administrators cannot be removed without a device wipe . this is to protect company data and is set at the exchange level and conformance is met by android . i have followed the process on android 4.2.2 and it works however , dependant on which company exchange account i use ( i work as a sysadmin contracted to many companies managing many exchange servers so different policies ) i can see different behaviours . if you have not been asked to wipe your phone when device administrators were removed , then i am shocked . i have not seen this behaviour on any exchange server i have tested with . i am sorry to say that generally once you admit an exchange administrator you are stuck with a factory reset . that does not mean all your data is lost though . you may do a sms backup , application backup and if you have root and recovery , a system backup . do these to your internal sd or external sd as these will not be wiped in a factory reset . if you are concerned about encryption depending on which file systems you encrypted ( usually it is just system , not internal or external sd cards ) you may want to copy these backups to another device . now do your wipe . restore your backups and find your applications , sms 's and all your photo 's etc should be exactly as they were . all that will be missing is the exchange accounts . this is tedious i am aware . however this is becoming more common in a byo device oriented corporate world .
the best way is to ask your corporation 's it support for help . they locked , so maybe they will know , how to unlock .
after some research , i finally got some details . unlocking a bootloader will generally not change the bootloader of a device . the locked bootloader somehow ensures that the device should boot up with the os that is shipped originally with the device or updated by the vendor officially . locked bootloader puts this as a security measure so that it can prevent the users from installing custom rom 's . when the bootloader is unlocked it will simply provide the booting instructions to the device without checking for the stock rom on the device . the device will boot with the rom present in /boot and /system partitions and thus unlocking a bootloader is an essential step if one want to install custom rom . thus overall , locking a bootloader is just an extra built-in security check and unlocking will just remove this check but will not modify the entire bootloader of your device .
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
mobo player . singlehandedly the best video player app on android . its the ' vlc ' of android . plays nearly every format flawlessly . download the app , click the button to download a 2mb codec pack ( so it can play different video formats ) and you are good to go . if you have any problem with the playback , just go into the settings and force software rendering . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.clov4r.android.nilfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jbg92nhiuyw5kcm9pzc5uawwixq . .
there are a lot of potential variables here , but a hardware failure is certainly one possibility . after over a year of use , my nexus one 's gps became terribly slow to lock until i had moved a bit ( like you said , maybe 100 yards ) or was outside in a relatively clear area . i assumed this was because the gps chip had , over time , started to develop problems and was likely throwing errors - oftentimes it would have my location totally wrong , and it would not come on/off correctly . download a gps test app , like gps status and toolbox ( link here ) , and see how long it takes to pick up satellites . also , are you using a custom rom ? i have found some roms " tweak " android 's default gps settings , and this could potentially cause issues . really , there a ton of possibilities here , so it is hard to say . but aging hardware sounds the most likely to me , unless you have recently started using a different custom rom or kernel , or recently received an update from motorola .
it seems to be a known " feature " if you use kaspersky internet security : http://forum.kaspersky.com/index.php?s=8ffe1c0b8684d5bd3d1353f0d074f528showtopic=260035 however , as you can see in the link above , it comes with a few issues . disabling the ' web protection ' component seems to do the trick .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
i can recommend https://www.dropbox.com/ at the moment i have it on ubuntu , windows 7 , mac os x and also on htc desire hd
i you do not want to use an external location , apps like syncness that sync files over wifi are pretty good .
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
i do not think that is possible . tibu syncs a local copy to dropbox . what you could do is : use / buy an external sd card ( 64gb or less ) go to System settings , open the application manager , and Move to SD card tibu this way , it does not take up internal phone memory . ( i.e. . tibu dumps its backup to the external sd card )
in paragon mount , try changing the mount point when you tap mount . just make a new folder in the root of your storage space .
each app on android stores its data on internal storage by default , below the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; directory . due to the sandbox princip , except the app itself and root nobody has access to that if not explicitly defined otherwise by the developer ( e . g . skype currently has a serious security flaw giving everybody read/write access to all its data , including plain-text passwords ) . so no , you will not be able to get access to the database , which most likely is located in the /data/data/nl.sogeti.android.gpstracker/databases/ directory without having root access to your device . as for your second question : you are assuming correctly . as you do not have access to the developers certificate ( for good reasons ) , you cannot " update " the original app with your modified version . you would have to uninstall and then re-install -- or giving your modified version a different package name . in both cases , you will not have access to the original apps data .
check the mac address on your tablet , and compare it to the mac address listed for the tablet on your hot spot in the configuration window . if the two mac addresses are not the same , your hot spot will not connect and an ip address will not be assigned . i am currently experiencing this problem where something keeps changing the mac address in my tablet . i have not been able to resolve it , including performing a full factory reset . i am certainly open to any advice or suggestions on this issue . thanks
not even your stock firmwares are 100% reliable , really - i have experienced crashes with the stock android straight from google and built for a nexus . omnirom is quite stable , however . i have currently got one of the nightly 4.4 builds running on my phone ( sony xperia t ) and it is not exhibiting any issues the standard aosp 4.4 is not . at the end of the day flashing any custom software onto your handset is a risk . it is usually outlined to you before you download a rom image that it is possible you might brick your device in the process , rendering it unusable , but if you follow the instructions carefully this is unlikely to happen . if you are not confident in the software , or your ability to successfully install it , protect your expensive hardware and do not flash it .
the green is a notification that you are still on a call .
that might depend on which android version your device it running . some devices additional support usb mass storage . also : there are some packages you might install/update on your ubuntu side , to support mtpfs ( see e.g. answers here and here ) . alternatively , you might wish to go the " adb way " ( this is how i do it on my ubuntu box ) . here you would need a basic adb installation ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) and adbfs ( see my answer here ) . in both cases , you can use graphical file managers as well as the command line to deal with your files .
normally mass storage mode was not supported by sony xperia l if it does not had any sdcard . so , you have to connect the xperia l with ubuntu in mtp mode to see its content . in ubuntu , an android device which was connected in mtp mode was not detected if it was pluggedin to any one of the usb 2.0 ports . for getting your device detected in ubuntu , you have to plugin the phone in usb 3.0 port . port with black tongue - usb 2.0 port port with blue tongue - usb 3.0 port tested in ubuntu 13.04 and 13.10 .
used a needle to poke around gently at the top of the little tab inside the usb port and compressed air . it fixed it .
easy . with a very small flathead screwdriver bend the flag towards the screen very slightly in the charging port . this will fix it . i literally just did that .
have worked professionally in the phone refurbishment industry . i would suggest using ipa ( industrial purpose alcohol ) for cleaning followed by compressed air . do not under any circumstances blow air from your mouth onto any open device . this can caused minor water damage from the moistier on your breath or short circuit componants .
i was able to fix it just by blowing into the usb port . try it yourself before going into rooting and disassemble .
if you are familiar with such things , ifixit has a teardown report for the galaxy nexus , it is fairly easy to disassemble it to reach the micro usb port after step 7 and inspect it . i use isopropyl alcohol and q-tips for cleaning normally . i would however not suggest you try it if you have no experience with such stuff .
thank you for raising these questions . here is some information about aptoide that hope that is useful for you and stackexchange /android community : 1 . - malware is something that we take very seriously . currently , we have 3 different systems to detect the malware threads as they arrive to any aptoide-powered app store : - we run 3 different anti-virus in emulators in run-time - we have an in-house system of signatures to detect recurring threats - we have implemented a chain of trust based in the signature of the developer 2 . - the task of creating a safe environment to the end user is a moving target . we are working with several universities and research centres and in a recent article ( not yet published ) we compare well with the other app stores . we also proposed a european research project with 2 anti-virus companies and 3 universities / research centres to deal with this topic . there is a lot of work to be done and the feedback of the community is important . 3 . - f-droid is in fact very similar to aptoide . they are a fork of aptoide and they maintain all the concepts we developed , like multiple stores . they have a more centralised approach and a central signature which if of course different from our approach . 4 . - at aptoide we have the " trusted " stamp . if you see the trusted stamp in an app , we have 99.99% that the app does not contain a threat to the end-user . best , paulo trezentos ( aptoide co-founder )
check your phones settings > wifi settings , to see if wifi is selected to " always " stay on . if not you can change it to go off whenever the screen goes off . this may help with some of the battery drainage . update : @jmbouffard . - while you are in settings > about phone > battery use , have you clicked the graph at the top ? sometimes only " phone idle " will show but clicking the graph will give you better details .
i know this may look like common sense , but maybe you could simply take a piece a paper and note every single launched application whenever this happens . after 5 iterations , you should have a pretty accurate idea of the culprit . if not , as tim mentionned , you should take a look at the logs to have a better understanding of what is going on on the system itself . ps : using a paper rather than an app would be encouraged , because the notepad app you would be using could be the culprit itself : )
i think this could maybe be because of several things : you have a bad network connection . if you are on a location where there is a bad network connection , your phone will have to try very hard to keep this connection enabled . or maybe that is also possible when you are walking in locations that have a bad connection to the outside world ( in the basements of some buildings for example ) . sometimes if you are using live backgrounds , that drains the battery too . another possibiliy is that your phone is syncing in the background . if you have for example enabled that calendars have to stay synced ( and you have an enabled data connection ) , then your phone will on regular bases connect to the internet for some updates . i do not think ( but i am not sure though ) that this would show up in your task manager . it could also be that something like your gps or bluetooth is enabled , and becomes a problem ( although i think this would show up in your task manager ) i would suggest you have a look at the services that are enabled , even when your phone is in standby mode ( bluetooth , gps , syncing . . )
the book pro android python with sl4a comes with some free downloadable source code , you can find it on that official site . in the source code samples there are examples of basic httpserver , and basic ftpserver . both of those will work on android devices , i imagine it is also possible to make a more advanced webserver using python , or perhaps even re-purpose one that is already in existence .
absolutely ! you can either download a ready made one - like kws - android web server or write your own - here 's some code to integrate in to your project or just use as is
i faced a similar problem recently on my nexus s upgraded to stock ics . the problems were : connecting the phone to the ac charger would sometimes show the phone to be charging , while the battery level was not actually increasing and sometimes the opposite . connecting the phone through usb to my laptop would allow it to charge , but my laptop used to throw a " unrecognized usb device " error . the battery level displayed on my phone was misleading . for eg , the battery level was shown to be 44% , but when i restarted it , it suddenly dropped to 19% . shutting it down while connected to ac charger would cause it to hang on the shutting down screen till i remove the charger . connecting it to an ac charger while switched off would cause it to automatically turn on . a little research on the net yielded this dicussion on the google product forums . the alleged problem was the pin in the phone 's usb port , and the solution was to bend it upwards a little using a penknife . i was a little wary of taking things into my own hands , so i went to a nearby samsung service center where they replaced the charging connector , and i have not faced any problems since .
check that your charging port is not shorting across : turn off phone , remove battery , and use a pin or similar pirze middle piece in the charger slot so it is central in the slot , as when pushing in the charger it can be moved up or down and cause a short to side , which gives the charging signal on phone . when having it fairly central , replace the battery , turn your device on , and see what happens . this worked for my phone which was driving me potty bleeping for charge etc . good luck !
there is an application running with a wakeup flag . if you were rooted , a simple adb logcat would get to the bottom of it . but what it comes down to is uninstalling that app-- perhaps review the seedy ones ? last time this happened to me , it was a kamasutra app .
i have the same proplem and found a workaround : my nexus keeps switching between charging and discharging while it is not connected . that keeps the screen on - which causes massive battery drain . as a workaround i found a root app to keep the screen off , called screen standby . the cpu is still doing work but at least the screen does not draw power since i installed it .
i just blew into both the port on my tab for charging , and the port on the cable . now , it charges normally again ! go figure !
alright guys , i had the same problem as you are experiencing . when i plugged my tablet to the wall charger it just showed a lightning icon crossed with a red cross , it wrote mtp connected and did not charge . i have read some forums about this problem there are only a few of them . i have decided to reset to the factory settings , since i was desperate at this point , i did not even hope . then i solved my problem just by checking the connection between the box u put in the wall plug and the cable . honestly i wanted to throw it away but luckily i did not , it works fine now . hope this could help you or even if it does not i just wish you good luck with solving it .
i had the same problem until i tried one method by accident . connect the tab with the relevant port . now slowly connect the usb side of the connector to the usb port in your computer ( remember to be slow enough till 50 percent of the connector is pushed in ) . your tablet will now start charging normally using the pc . now you can push in the remaining half of the connector into the slot .
most of the time this problem is being caused by dust , dirt , grime , or some other type of contamination coating one of the usb pins on the inside of the usb port . easiest fix is to blow some compressed air into the usb port repeatedly until the dust/dirt is blow clear . you can also use " contact/control cleaner and lubricant " available from radio shack . remove the phone battery and hold the phone upside down while using the compressed air or cleaner/lubricant to blast the usb port clean . wipe off any residue then re-install the battery . power up your phone and it will now function properly .
the behavior you are seeing is consistent with plugging the tablet 's usb cable into a standard usb port . if you plug the tablet into the " official " power adapter , you should see neither the red " x " on the battery icon , nor the mtp scanning update . the tablet will only reliably charge ( and thus no red " x" ) when plugged into the special wall adapter , because the adapter is modified to deliver a higher current output than a computer 's usb hub or a generic usb power adapter will deliver . when the tablet detects that it is on a standard usb connection it displays the red " x " on the battery icon as the tablet may not gain battery charge as fast as it uses it ( the tablet 's screen and network connections together can drain more than a standard usb connection can supply ) . the mtp scanner is the media scanner that runs when the tablet thinks it might be plugged into a computer . i believe this is so it can quickly copy media off to your desktop , but i am not sure on the details . basically , its another symptom of using a vanilla usb port . see this question for more details : how much power does a galaxy tab 10.1 charger need to supply ?
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
netgenie lite can do that .
android comes with ifconfig , install terminal emulator and type " ifconfig eth0" , or use " netcfg " to list all available devices . you need root to use ifconfig though .
the captivate does not have a front-facing camera , thus no self-shot mode . you will have to turn it around and try to tap the on-screen button without seeing it to take a picture of yourself ( or use a mirror , etc . ) .
not only the screen is a main consumer . based on the motorola droid , i can give you some data to compare : as you can see , there are clearly compontents/actions with a much higher energy consumptions -- but the display gives you good potential to reserve some . data source is an article at heise . de called energiesparplan ( google translate version here ) .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
i do not have a tv paired with my youtube account , so this is really just another setting to look at . go to your youtube account : https://www.youtube.com/account click on the connected tvs option at the bottom of the left hand menu . if available , disconnect the tv from here .
since many phones have lower memory and the android os is designed to kill apps that are in the background for a while when it needs memory for foreground apps - it is common practice for the os to kill the google play app as well , even while it is still downloading an app ( it will usually be later restarted and the downloading of apps will resume ) . this can be solved by keeping google play in the foreground while your preferred app is being downloaded .
is it on auto-update ? in the google play settings , make sure Auto-update apps is set to Auto-update apps at any time. Data charges may apply.
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
it is not possible with the stock google voice app . you will have to download an alternative google voice sms app like the aptly named " google voice sms " to send a message to multiple people . that app costs $2 but there are free apps available .
yes , you can at this time . after each number , type a comma , then the next number , etc . google voice gets improved more often than some of the native apps on the phones .
in the current version you can do this easily &mdash ; just type in another name/number after the first as you would in the web interface . a comma appears automatically when you click on a suggestion , and all that good stuff .
if their is not an option to select a set of folders . i am assuming there is something about those folders like big attachments ? or to sensitive to be on a mobile device ? my best advice to you would be to move the folders in question into an archive and set up a rule to automatically sort your mail into that . you will never see an archive folder on your phone , so job done . hope that helps .
as far as i can tell , no , there is not a way to configure where sent mail is placed using the imap email account on the galaxy s iii . there may be a 3rd party email app that can do this , but not the stock one on the s iii . as suggested in the comments k-9 mail does what you want .
you may have to run an ruu if you do not have a custom recovery you could try rebooting into bootloader and doing a factory reset there ( typically , turn device off , hold volume down and power till you are in the bootloader , volume moves , power selects in that screen )
" rooting a phone " - acquiring super user permissions . " installing the su application " - making it so you can acquire super user permissions any time you want . the first thing you should do after rooting a phone is install the su application so you can have root permissions any time you want them . most automated rooting processes do this for you , but if you acquire root permissions manually , you probably have to install the su application manually too .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
you could give camcard a try . camcard is a professional business card reader and business card scanner . simply take a picture of a business card , camcard recognizes the business card and saves contact information in card holder or your address book . then feel at ease to manage cards with camcard - business card reader and business card scanner . of course , you can always sync google contacts .
google goggles had this feature enabled last year .
some people have had their device turn on the mass storage mode by itself . verify that you have not enabled Mass storage only mode in Settings -&gt; SD Card &amp; storage -&gt; Mass storage only , then reconnect and restart adb daemon .
the phone should be correctly detecting the charge of the battery even if the charger is not right . so it sounds to me more like a phone problem . either way i would discontinue this . . . if the phone really is trying to charge the battery past its limit you could definitely fry the battery or your device . did you ever have an infuse charger , and if so did it work ? you could try running the battery dry and then charging from that state ; i have heard that can help when the battery stats get messed up . in conjunction you could wipe the battery stats ( you will have to google how to do that for the infuse ) but that is generally a last resort since it takes quite a few charge cycles for the battery stats to get rebuilt ( your phone relies on them to determine the charge of your battery with any accuracy ) .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
the accelerometers are hardware , thus always on . when you deactive the settings that need them ( your example auto-rotate screen is a good one ) , you merely deactivate the reading of that sensor to control the activity . a good proof of this is to use the game app " drop " , which uses these sensors . while you may turn off auto-rotate , the sensors are still live for the game .
that is because there are so many devices available . entries in /dev are not restricted to physical devices , but also include logical ones . you just named one : tty . you do not really think you have got 63 " connectors " somewhere to attach keyboards etc . to ? also , /dev/random is nothing physical , but rather " software " ( a random-number generator provided by the system itself ) . same applies to things like /dev/null , /dev/zero , and several others . for more/deeper details , you might refer to following articles : linux filesystem hierarchy device file ( wikipedia ) -- recommended for this topic , as it explicitly included pseudo-devices linux system administrator 's guide - the / dev directory
not all devices at /dev are physical , some of them are logical and may be temporary needed by kernel/software ( and some of them are symlinks , like log_modem -> /dev/ttyacm2 ) . and , as i see , you have default linux tty count . it is not used ( reserved and may be used ) , but it is no problem .
solution one : titaniumbackup both devices must be rooted and use titaniumbackup application . i have found that titanium does not start on emulator 2.1 solution two : use adb backup options use adb backup and adb restore properly . this would mean to restrict the backup to the single app to be cloned , including its data , but nothing else . this is important as adb restore &lt;file.ab&gt; is an all-or-nothing , no selective restore possible . full syntax for adb backup is : adb backup [-f &lt;file&gt;] [-apk|-noapk] [-shared|-noshared] [-all] [-system|nosystem] [&lt;packages...&gt;]  so to only have our " foobar " app included , we need to connect the device and : adb backup -f MyBackup.ab -apk com.foobar.app  this done , and adb connected to the emulator , the generated backup file MyBackup.ab then can be restored using adb restore MyBackup.ab 
i have the same phone and pretty much the same issue ( s ) . first of all , you should not be using a task killer . it is unnecessary and counter productive . ( see this question and this other question . ) one thing that will help is using a home screen replacement . there are several , but i have been using zeam . while it does not remove the homescreen redraw delay completely , it is much better than without it . another thing that will help is reducing or eliminating the number of widgets you are using .
the delay that you are seeing is the android operating system " opening " the home screen application after it has been stopped . unlike most other phone platforms , the android home screen is nothing more than an application ( like messaging or email ) which is triggered when you press the home button ( or back button enough ) . the android os will often stop applications which are running in the background but not being used in order to free up more resources for the ones you are currently using . if you spend an extended amount of time within an application such as a game or messaging , the android os might stop the home screen activity to allow the current application to function better . when you press the home screen button to exit , it has to start up the home screen from scratch . the delay you see is the home screen starting up from a completely stopped state , much like the delay you would see when opening a large application for the first time since booting . there is no ( easy ) way to prevent this from happening and in reality you should not . the android os is built on a very robust platform that has been designed to handle resources much better than a human being . this is also the reasoning behind not using a task killer . the os knows best . to mitigate the problem , an alternative home screen might be worth a try . three popular ones are launcherpro , adw . launcher , and zeam . reducing the number of applications that run in the background will also help free up resources and allow the home application to stay loaded for much longer . applications like facebook , twitter , flickr , and most multiplayer games all keep services running in the background which consume resources . hopefully some of this can help you !
i also have a moto droid rev . 1 that has been ota updated to 2.2.1 . i was also seeing the extreme delay ( 10 seconds and longer ) in displaying the launcher after removing the phone from either my car or multimedia dock . i found that after performing a factory reset of my phone , the launcher was much , much more responsive . it has been several weeks since i reset my device , and while the launcher does lag from time to time , it is usually available in less than 2 seconds .
not having used link2sd i cannot tell for sure -- but being familiar with the principle , there is one thing that should work with a rooted device : make sure you had removed the files on the link2sd partition using a ( root ) file explorer , navigate to /data/data and check for symlinks showing the same package names listed in your screenshot . delete them . this might still leave " traces " in some system configuration files ( for sure this is valid for the packages.xml which stores the apps ' permissions ) . sd maid - system cleaning tool should be able to clean up most of the remains . still , this manual approach is not 100% " clean " . another option might involve re-installing link2sd and see whether you can cleanly remove the apps with it ( or even re-installing the apps , moving them again with link2sd in case this did not happen automatically due to the symlinks , and then removing them again ) . if all else fails , one ugly but very clean solution remains : a factory reset . do not forget to backup everything before this -- you have got titanium backup to take care for this step , as your question states .
i also had this issue . i found that if i use link2sd to uninstall the app , it should remove the entry from the app manager .
i think you 1st press volume button then power it up keep pressing voulme button untill it shakes . . in my galaxy gio i do this for bootinh to recovery mode .
it is not clear whether you had flashed cwm 's recovery ( through boot image ) . if you had done , you have to press vol up and down while powering on . if not , you do not have a recovery mode at all . you have to flash it using fastboot as described in cyanogenmod 's how to install cm in sony xperia mini pro .
i do not believe this is possible with the default contacts app ( and i do not know of any third-party ones ) . android 's language/locale support is very basic -- for example , your date format cannot be changed independently unlike , say , windows -- so i recommend filing a bug with google , hopefully it will be fixed in the future .
well , now it seems to do it when your display language is hebrew , but not when it is english . almost there .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
if you install a alternate launcher , the first thing you will see is a difference in how the home screen , widgets , ( maybe lockscreen if it has support for that ) , and the app drawer appears and works . afaik that is the only changes you will see from changing the launcher regardless of what rom you use . but one thing 's for sure - depending on which rom you get , the experience will change very little or a lot .
each launcher has its own default appearance which will vary . unless you tell the third party launcher to import you stock launcher settings and icons it will not have any customizations and you will need to set up the screens yourself . the look and feel of each launcher will vary greatly . i use nova launcher on my s4 since i despise the stock samsung launcher . the screen transitions , default layout , and many other options are customizable with a 3rd party launcher that you do not get with stock . so , the experience can vary greatly depending on the settings you change in the chosen launcher . nova has many settings i did not bother to change but the ones i did change make a huge difference in the interface and experience from the samsung touchwiz launcher . you should not lose any benefits of a rom by using a 3rd party launcher but you may not need the third party launcher depending on the rom . one feature of many 3rd party launchers is the ability to backup and restore your home screens . for this reason alone they are worth it . particularly if you like to flash roms frequently . it can save a significant amount of time and agony if you do not have to reset all your home screens after each flash .
connect your device and at the command prompt : type adb devices and press enter ( your device should now be listed ) . . . type adb shell and press enter ( wait for the "#" to appear ) . . . . type mount sdcard next to the "#" sign and press enter . . . you will need to know the mount point also if you intend to mount the external card . as an example : su mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /sdcard/external_sd
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but see if you can find something similar to this : Settings &gt; My device &gt; Sound &gt; Touch sounds .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
this problem can be solved by installing the latest version of whatsapp it is 2.10.768 or 2.11.56 . . . . . you can also go to this link to download in your mobile http://www.whatsapp.com/android/
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
recently , koush ( the person behind clockworkmod ) has deleveloped a universaladbdriver for windows , which can be downloaded e.g. here . read more e.g. in the androidpolice article a universal adb driver for windows that actually works on 8 and check adbdriver . com as an alternative source . see also koush 's original g+ post on this . quoting : for whatever reason , every phone manufacturer has their own adb driver , so i end up installing like 3-4 different drivers when i do my testing . it is a royal pain in the ass , and is also asking a lot of the end user of one of my apps to do this . this driver should work on all android phones for all versions of windows . [ 1 ] it does not require that you turn on test signing or disable driver verification or even reboot . this is done by automatically installing clockworkmod as a trusted certificate and publisher into the local machine 's certificate store during the setup process . [ 1 ] on windows 8 , after downloading , choose " more info " then " run anyway " . so if you do not want to play with source/configuration files yourself , you might want to give this a try .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
you should always disable/remove voodoo before installing a new rom except when the rom in question includes voodoo as the default . iit appears that darky 's rom includes a custom kernel that includes voodoo , meaning you do not have to disable it : if you have a dark_core / voodoo kernel installed with lagfixes enabled and you are or v10.1 ( upgrade through cwm , not odin ) then it is recommended that you do not disable your lagfixes . and you will save a lot of time ( dark_core and voodoo kernels are from the same family )
is it a nat configuration 3g uses ? yes , i believe most - if not all - carriers use nat . if so , how can i make apps like " droid ip camera " ( this app is only given as an example ) work over 3g ? you will probably need to ask your carrier to provide you with an external ip address .
take a look at goto lock screen - supposedly it is fast . it lets you stay on top of your text messages , missed calls , and gmail notifications all with a simple slide gesture . a detailed feature list is available here . re-reading your question , i see you want widgets to use in conjunction with widgetlocker - what sms app are you using ? handcent has a medium sized widget which shows unread sms as does gosms . you can show missed calls using this call log widget . update : i do believe i have found something that might interest you - puremessenger widget will show the following : gmail emails ( pop3+imap / need k9fp ) sms facebook twitter calls
i would suggest noled , a pretty handy and battery-efficient way to see notifications of missed events while the phone is locked . minimal battery drain on amoled screens and pretty customizable .
i think you should re-read the related question . this is likely down to either os services or apps left running in the background . i suggest you try something like taskkiller or the taskmanager itself and check which apps are still running in the background . even if you think you have not started any , it is likely that the device managed to launch some sync services before you stopped it from syncing .
use an app such as " better battery stats . " this app provides detailed information about all the services running . this is way better than the stock app for diagnostics . additionally , a lot of the core services for the system are attributed as part of the " android os " . there is a very particular bug in samsung galaxy sii devices relating to the touchwiz calendar that keeps doing a lot of unnecessary checks which prevents the device from sleeping properly when the screen is turned off . this causes a huge drain in battery life . since the touchwiz on an sii is very similar to the one on a galaxy note , you might have the same inherent bug . these links might give you a better idea http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1316003 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1383929page=5
i am using samsung galaxy r for more than 5 months . such a wonderful device , of course the issue is battery life . i have tried many of resources no use . i did factory rest 2 times still no use . after full charge it is draining suddenly to 45% in 4 hours ( there was no 3g , wifi , gps ) . i was totally frustrated , finally i got a chance to read this forum . there i started to think about gps wake lock , finally i found the solution go to settings , location and security , and disable " use gps satellites " ( make sure your connected to internet ) then try to observe . now please be noted my observation below , from 1am 99% to 6am 97% ( fone was in sleep ) from 6am 97% to 6pm 85% ( normal use ) . try this , if it is helping help others to get away from the frustration .
first , even without having a network connection , you can try to unlock it with your google account data . usually the device stores a " token " , so you might be able to log in . second , if that does not help , you might want to take a look at the locked-out tag-wiki , and at cannot unlock tablet as have no internet connection ? . there might still be a chance to unlock your device . if nothing else helps , a factory-reset can also be done from the recovery-mode : shut down your device hold the vol + button and keep it pressed while additionally press the power button . keep both pressed until a text-menu appears ( if that does not work , try again while substituting vol + with vol - ) use the volume buttons to select " factory reset " execute the item ( usually done by short-pressing the power button or by pressing the ' show more ' button at the bottom-left of your phone )
i do not know of an app that can do that , but it would be easy enough to write one if you already know java . you can get started with programming android by reading the guides and documentation on the official site for android developers . do remember that once you have started programming , you should ask questions about that on our sister site stack overflow , which has a lively community of android programmers . this site is for questions written from a user 's point-of-view only .
you can also write a script shell for android . you just need an app like script manager that can run your script periodically . you can read value from the kernel like on a " vanilla " linux : the actual battery capacity is stored in /sys/class/power_supply/battery/capacity .
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
yes it is possible to enanble and disable the phone 's key gaurd ( phone lock ) depending on various context 's ( example , when in office ) i have personally setup my phone to do it . my setup uses tasker ( a paid automation app in playstore ) to identify if i am in office using an approximation of my phones gps location co-ordinates and then i use secure settings ( a free plugin for tasker ) which has the capability to enable and disable the phones key-gaurd note - system settings will require root to be able to toggle the keygaurd .
sure . if you use automation app like tasker , you can make your phone to disable screen guard , if it detects you are in your office . detecting your location can be achieved in many ways . you could use any wifi , if it can be used as a reference or rely on cell id , defining a radius . please see a guide aptly named as location without tears . it explains the various ways with which the tasker can identify your location . it goes more explaining the pros and cons , the trade off between the battery life and accuracy etc . i use tasker in my mobile to reduce all volumes when i am in the vicinity of my office . i did this by creating a profile and choosing the State as my first context . in the next screen Select Phone Action i selected Phone and select Cell near option . this brought up the following screen : when i pressed scan tasker started to log near by cell tower 's id . i left it for a while and walked around my office so that it will gather maximum ids . i initially thought tasker only retains last eight ids , but when i exported the profile to xml , i could see many entries . hence the more time you keep it scanning and more walk around you make , more will be probability of successfully recognising your location . well that is only half job done . i then assigned an action that the tasker can perform when this profile is active . there are two kind of tasks - one is called entry task and other is called exit task . i used Keyguard action to switch key guard off as entry task , which will fire when this profile is made active . i used the same Keyguard action to swtich the key guard on as exit task so that when this profile is deactivated .
no , since your model number differs - meaning you have a carrier bound device - roms meant for standard i9500 devices will not be suited to your device .
i have found out more about this variant ! hopefully this helps people in my situation . this device is on a canadian network called wind mobile . the model m919v can use the same roms as the t-mobile variant , which is m919 . i have flashed cyanogenmod nightlies on it , it runs awesome , and even for a nightly it is very battery efficient and stable . strongly recommend it to anyone . i had to use ouhds instead of clockworkrecovery ( they re the same things though ) . it still goes through odin , but you will have to follow the instruction online . there are a few sets of instructions that can be found through google . these are the instructions i followed : http://droidviews.com/2013/root-and-install-cwm-recovery-on-sprint-galaxy-s4-sph-l720-and-t-mobile-galaxy-s4-sgh-m919/ *i am not responsible for any damage you cause to your device , just sharing my thoughts/ experience .
the dalvik vm is not providing a security boundary , but the kernel is providing a security boundary in terms of the process the vm runs in . that is why , for example , it is no big deal for an android application to run native code , which ( more or less ) by definition runs outside the vm . it is still in the process , and the kernel ensures that the process is not going to be able to harm other applications , whether the process is running code within the vm or not .
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
each dalvikvm process runs under a sand-boxed environment owned by the user id ( uid ) of the application running , it should be noted that upon installation of the application , the uid is allocated and assigned to each installed application . the net result is that each running application cannot trample another 's process due to the different uid assigned , that grants the protection for the running apps . another way of looking at it is this - had there being one common uid for all applications , then a malicious application can really cause havoc , be peering into one 's settings , override , intercept another application 's running code and do all sorts of bad things tm to that application .
you only need an unlock code if your phone was sim-locked to start with . not all phones are , and if you did not get the phone from the carrier it definitely was not .
if your phone is running fine , then do not worry about it . it is possible that they unlocked your phone over-the-air . . . sounds weird , but some companies do it with certain phones ( for example , sprint pushes out unlock codes over-the-air ) . did you buy your phone outright from the carrier ( the full price ) , or did you sign a contract ?
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
on the nexus 7 it is similarly hidden , you select the gear gesture settings scroll to bottom &lt ; -- change entry location select from ( left , right , hidden ) enjoy :- )
i use airdroid . it works pretty well for most things like sending messages , transferring files and calling , and you do not have to plug your device into your pc .
go to your gmail settings . most probably you can go by pressing your menu button . then select your email address , such as xxxx@gmail.com . make sure , you have notification option ticked . go below and you will see gmail sync option , make sure it is ON . now try refreshing .
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
i turned off the sync and turned it back on and the notifications went away .
just disable notifications in play store . open Play Store -> look for the three dot \u1427\u1427\u1427 menu -> Settings -> uncheck Notifications
had same problem . download manager seems to be the issue if you have that installed . but just click on one of the notifications , you will see app info . click on that and then unclick show notifications . it should go away .
i went into the download manager app and once it opened went to the right where it says " other downloads " and deleted them all and i rebooted the phone and it seemed to work ok . i havent noticed them coming back or any other issues by doing this as of yet .
here 's what i did with that same problem . settings More tab application manager scroll right to all select download manager force stop , and then clear data and cache reboot
this happened to me as well , but seemingly fixed it . turn off wi-fi temporarily . only seems to happen to me while connected to wifi ( possibly because my email app settings are set to only download when connected to wifi ) . go to apps list and find an app called " downloads " . choose the " other downloads " tab . check the boxes for most/all items and click delete . click the down arrow called " older " and check all remaining items and click delete . turn wi-fi back on .
you did not mentioned it is a rooted device or not . when i face similar issues i manage to fix this issue in this way . this is a permission related issue . i guess you face this issue when you are trying to update or install previously uninstalled apps . when you are uninstalling app , it remain some leftovers in " data/app-lib " directory . therefore , carefully check app that you wish to install leftovers are in this folder and delete those folders . go to " /data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) /lib " and delete its all the sub folders . then delete app-path folder . if its not work you can factory rest your device to fix this issue .
i get a kick out of people suggesting downloading an app when the problem is insuffient storage and you can not download anything because of insuffient storage . the only solution is to factory reset and even that does not work when you start up again and everything is restored presumably from google servers . i have done factory resets and cannot get my tablet back to factory out of the box condition . you can still use it but cannot download anything . it can also be used for cutting onions and tomatoes .
technically , it is not prerequisite , but convenience . you can download an update using your handset and store it locally on the sdcard , then reboot manually into recovery . or use rom manager to do all that in an app and enjoy backup/restore and ota updating without the need for a computer . stock recoveries will not let you do all the fancy stuff that a custom recovery let 's you do . among them are : backup/restore using adb in recovery mode flashing custom . zip 's ( that is what you will need ) format individual partitions wipe individual parts ( dalvik cache , /cache ) some handset makers have their own means of low level access to flash . fastboot then has not all needed commands built in . htc/google/others : fastboot samsung : fastboot , proprietary ( heimdall open source flash tool ) sony / sonyericsson : fastboot , proprietary ( flashtool by androxyde ) . . .
stock recoveries usually check the update . zip file being flashed for a specific signature that is only known by device 's manufacturer and/or carrier . you cannot therefore flash custom roms on stock recoveries , hence the need for a custom recovery which bypasses said check .
qpdf viewer - a free ad-free android pdf reader - also has a great text reflow mode . users can zoom in and out to increase or decrease the font size . look for " reflow text " under the action toolbar " view " menu .
install repligo pdf reader and switch to Text Reflow mode . it has one of the best text reflow mode till date which displays images too . but , to read codes , you will have to fight again . another option : use ezpdf reader lite ( or pro ) and use its text column locking feature in landscape orientation ( to kick out blank margins and use large device height as width of pdf ) . i find it useful on my 4.0-inch screen even for the codes because it does not change formatting to reflow text . but , if your screen size is much smaller than my one , it would be useless to you . plus , both pdf readers feature voice reading . you can use that too .
the best option is foxit mobile pdf .
hmm the only thing i can think of would be to get clockwork or something similar and format the space and reflash the rom .
go to system setting and language and input . ( i also have cm11 but in bam rom which includes many other roms )
yes it is possible to do that , but you need to write your own logic to sort the names . considering plain standard english , the sorting is done using ascii/unicode values , and a-z and a-z come in a sequence , where as the other alphabets like å , ä or ö come later . so when you use apps that are not specifically targetted for anything other than standard english , you have the problem you are having right now .
only chinese tablet eben t6 or t7 provide a better solution of wacom s pen , samsung has no development of wacom pen pressure tuning at all and make it no much different from a capasitive pen
this is strange , and is most certainly a software issue . it could be that , for some reason or another , chrome ( or another background app ) took up all the available ram , which caused the os to crash - it could be a built in safeguard that the device boots into safe mode when this happens . as well as this , safe mode ( on my old device at least ) , disables all 3rd-party apps ( so you can debug , and see if an app is causing the issue ) . i would suggest you check your ram usage , and maybe do a clean wipe if it happens again .
open the gooogle+ photos app > touch the menu icon/button > settings > auto backup > toggle on or off to remove google+ photos from your gallery head to your phone’s settings , and scroll down and tap “google” under the accounts subheader . in here , uncheck “sync google photos” as well as “sync picasa web albums . ” once that’s done , you need to clear the application data for your gallery to reset your albums list . head to the application manager in your settings . it could show up as either “manage apps , ” “application manager” or “application settings . ” scroll down and tap “gallery . ” tap “clear data . ” once you’ve completed these steps , you’re good to go . your gallery will only show the albums that are only on your phone . much neater . remember though , if you have google+ auto backup set up for your photos , your backed up photos won’t show up in your gallery anymore , but you can still access them through your google+ account . hope this works if not then please comment ! ! thank you .
my brother helped with this link which suggests as follows : apps > settings > accounts and sync > enable / check ' auto-sync data ' option which i missed to notice . apps > settings > accounts and sync > google > email id ( you email id ) > un-select ' picasa web albums ' option . if you want to remove already synced photos then , apps > setttings > apps > all > gallery > clear data and clear cache this helped me and hope this might help others too . so , the point that i was missing and even from @blackhat002 is covered in the link - to enable ' auto-sync data ' option as pointed in #1 . only then , as a next step , one can un-check option to auto-sync photos . hope this helps others too . the question still remains - from where does android sync photos ?
yes a few parts of the rom are region-specific like support for local fonts in that region , apps that come pre-installed based on region like flipkart app in india . and few more things . even sometimes the rom are in local languages instead of english .
background android has specific rules regarding the installation of applications and their physical location . it works like and hierarchical structure : if the app has a specified location by the developer , this takes priority . if it is not specified in the app , then the default install location is used . android has 3 identifiers for app storage location : that may be mentioned on the application manifest android:installlocation : " internalonly": the application must be installed on the internal device storage only . if this is set , the application will never be installed on the external storage . if the internal storage is full , then the system will not install the application . " auto": the application may be installed on the external storage , but the system will install the application on the internal storage by default . if the internal storage is full , then the system will install it on the external storage . " preferexternal": the application prefers to be installed on the external storage ( sd card ) . there is no guarantee that the system will honor this request . the application might be installed on internal storage if the external media is unavailable or full , or if the application uses the forward-locking mechanism ( not supported on external storage ) . old applications may have no choice but to install on the internal storage , as per the google documentation : the ability for your application to install on the external storage is a feature available only on devices running api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) or greater . existing applications that were built prior to api level 8 will always install on the internal storage and cannot be moved to the external storage ( even on devices with api level 8 ) . what can i do ? you can manage the installed applications and set their storage location , all from one place : tap " home " to return to your device home screen ; tap your device " menu " button ; depending on your device , you either have to : tap " manage apps" ; tap " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " . now access the third tab where it reads " usb storage " or " on sd card " ( again , varies with the device ) ; here are listed all the applications that are allowed to be moved to your external storage , tab over one to bring up more options about it ; when the application details panel opens , you have a button " move to sd card " , use it to move that application to your external storage ; press " back " to return to the list . if you have moved the app to the external memory , you will notice that a green tick is present on the right side on the list , to let you know that the application file is currently on your external storage . this is a safe guide to have your os managing the applications and moving then from internal storage to external storage without hacks or tricks . you can read all about it on the google official documentation .
you also have to keep in mind that move apps to sdcard will make them slower , and since they still keep data on internal storage , there can be some annoying side effects : for example , if you move twitter for android to sdcard , you will have to login again every time . this link has some good tips about what you should and should not do : http://techgage.com/article/moving_your_non-movable_android_apps_to_an_sd_card/
as the sdcard could become inaccessible ( e . g . when mounted via usb to a computer , or when removed ) , there are some groups of apps which cannot and should not be installed on external storage -- as they could not keep up their work in those cases . these include : apps using widgets ( widgets could no longer update if the storage is gone ) apps using services ( these services would break then ) apps providing sync adapters ( these adapters would be inaccessible ) most of these apps are not even able to be moved to sdcard , as their developers declared them " internalonly " ( see zuul 's answer ) . but some developers forget about this , and so it might happen you move an app which you better had not -- and then wonder about above mentioned things breaking ( most users notice this with widgets only ) . so better keep this in mind as well when moving apps to external storage .
afaik the nook tablet doesnt have 3g support . so country specific problems are not applicable . you can use wifi wherever you want . with the kindle app or another app that supports . mobi it is possible . otherwise you can use a program like calibre in your pc to convert them to epub .
on all my android devices ( 3 htc phones and an asus transformer ) , if you sign off gtalk manually ( gtalk/menu/exit ) , gtalk does not reconnect again until you do it manually .
you cannot just install cyanogenmod on any rooted device . it has to be one of the supported devices . there a lot of differences between builds of android and cyanogenmod for each device . they have different chipsets , gps , cameras , etc . they are always looking for other people to help support new devices though .
we are working on superosr , discussion here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=18609103#post18609103 a full list of cyanogen and other alternatives here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1698206 all chacha roms seem to have some bugs but otherwise quite stable . you could also take the latest official rom and remove stuff you do not use . there are some already prepared , but you can also do such modifications yourself . make sure to learn to use backup and restore before you start : )
since you are using cyanogenmod , this may be the case with your device and it is an issue with the ril part of your device . this is a bug that needs to get reported to the developer of your cyanogenmod builds
there is nothing wrong with it . its the expected/correct behaviour of a freshly installed rom that does not have google apps ( gapps ) installed . thus , the telephony/wifi signal will show up as grey . its only when that google apps ( gapps ) are installed , then it will show up as blue , this is for ics upwards . in gingerbread , if no gapps is installed , and there is wifi connectivity , its white , when gapps gets installed , it changes to the typical green that is known under gingerbread . to resolve this , please install the appropriate gapps suitable for your cm10 rom . edit i am under the impression that gtalk application and service is part of the gapps hence my comment below to izzy about this . . . and seems to backup the fact that if gtalk service is not present , the signal colours do appear different .
for me the wifi signal turned gray and i was unable to connect to all google apps like playstore and gmail . i found out that it was because i installed freedom app and uninstalled it . so i installed it again , and in the app settings i clicked the check-box where it says " do not install playstore updates , " and uninstalled the freedom app again . now everything was fixed ! ! ! do not install freedom app ! it messed up my phone luckily i was able to turn it back easily to the state it was before .
i tried to reset phone , clearing cache , data but it wont work but now i have a quick solution on this issue and grey wifi becomes blue in some minutes . all you need is " rooted phone " 1 . install : root explorer grant supersu permission to root explorer mount root explorer into read/write ( r/w ) . go to system > etc > locate " hosts " file in etc folder . edit hosts file using root explorer insert the symbol # before the second set of ip address numbers then save the changes and exit . reboot your phone . . . wifi icon will be blue as you start your phone back and some apps like google play store , keep , etc will be start as normal . thanks .
usb otg stands for usb on-the-go . this allows your phone to use usb devices ( e . g . mice , keyboards , external usb drives ) through a microusb to usb adapter . the mhl adapter allows your device to connect via hdmi to a tv or monitor . the statement that it can power the device just means that it can both charge/power the phone and allow hdmi output via the mhl adapter . to get that power , though , it requires your power cable to be connected , as hdmi does not provide power . not all mhl adapters can do this .
nd geek is correct , but the 11 pin connector on the galaxy siii and any new cell phone/tablet/android device using this new connector can go further . the otg function is simultaneous with the mhl and the normal 5 pins are the otg pins . otg hosts can , indeed , power usb downstream devices , but lack current for more than mice and keyboards ( or memory sticks and cameras ) . a powered hub and an otg cable with a micro-b on one end and a micro-a/b on the other end ( the host end ) is needed to use a hub . with this and a power box with 2a output can allow use of hard drives and cd/dvd players . the mhl connection is brought in through the extra 6 pins on the connector ( only 3 of which are used for mhl ) . the ability to charge the phone at the same time as outputting mhl and otg requires 8 of the 11 pins and samsung is being cagey about what those other 3 pins are for . in the end , the traditional 5 pins are for the otg and that explains why the siii is not backwards compatible with other mhl adapters or devices . this does mean that the 11 pin devices will support otg natively and be backwards compatible . hmm . . . 8 pins . . . sounds familiar , somehow .
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i do not believe android 2.1 allows this . i have read that the latest release android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) will have this feature . sorry i could not find the post that mentioned it but here is the api link .
you should be able to get this functionality if you have a custom launcher , like launcherpro . samsung 's touchwiz does not support the 180 degree rotation . you also need android 2.2+ , however , which introduced the getRotation() api .
my guess is that this is a carrier problem . when the amazon mp3 app recently updated it had a warning message to contact sprint if there was any stuttering with the music since sprint 's network does not work well with streaming audio . i have not had an issue yet so i removed the notice otherwise i would post it here for you to see . it is only a guess though so since i am basing this completely on what i read in that notice from amazon .
this would be related to your data network speed rather than the application . try to test it with a wifi connection and see if that gets you better audio .
i am going to go out on a limb and say that the htc hero does not have enough cpu to handle the audio codecs . you may have some success rooting it and overclocking the cpu , but it'll shorten the life of your hardware and void your warranty .
it may sound really strange but the real issue was the corporate policy of mounting the the unencrypted drives as read-only . this is specific to bitlocker and there is a registry workaround available .
from what i have found on the internets is that there are a lot of people that have had issues like this with the desire hd . they all said that either formatting the sdcard in windows , or even using windows 7 to " verify errors " solved the issue . before you format , you can copy all the content off the sdcard , and then place it back after formatting .
you could try lcddensity to create the effect of a higher resolution . not sure how this would look in a vm though .
thanks to eldarerathis comment . indeed , i was able to set needed resolution by modifying kernel boot parameters . instead of video=-16 in kernel boot options i use video=uvesa UVESA_MODE=1024x768 and all is working in native monitor resolution ! more detailed description is here ( in russian language ) .
ad-hoc mode used to be supported in the cyanogen roms , it is not in the stock images afaik . depending on your application , you might use wifi direct but i think it is a different api ( rather than just behaving like an ethernet segment ) and it does not cover all the uses cases that ad-hoc does .
wifi direct is not wifi in ad hoc mode . wifi direct ( p2p ) is build over soft acces point and make one of the device as " mediator " ( call group owner ) . i had the same issue for one of my dev . wifi direct is very interesting for dev betwenn many device without acces point but it still a application client/server
while you can solve the ad-hoc wifi connection issue , i think your bigger problem is on the application level . all standard messaging applications do use some sort of a server to send the messages . without the internet access you would have to set up your own server and at this point the ad-hoc wifi issue becomes a moot point - you will still need some infrastructure ( the server ) to be able to send the messages - why not the wifi access point then ?
ad-hoc is not natively supported by android . but starting with android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) , a new feature called wifi direct was introduced : wi-fi direct , previously known as wi-fi p2p , is a standard that allows wi-fi devices to connect to each other without the need for a wireless access point . this allows wi-fi direct devices to directly transfer data between each other with greatly reduced setup . ( source : wikipedia ) support for wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi , for more reliable , higher-speed communication . no internet connection or tethering is needed . through third-party apps , users can connect to compatible devices to take advantage of new features such as instant sharing of files , photos , or other media ; streaming video or audio from another device ; or connecting to compatible printers or other devices . ( source : android . com ) to me , this looks like what you are asking for : directly connecting two android devices via wifi without the need of a " mediator " .
open the contact , click menu--> edit and scroll down . you should see a drop down box titled groups just below the email addresses . click that and you can then select the groups the contact should be a member of .
i have android 2.3.3 on samsung galaxy ace and it does not have any option to edit the groups . i am managing the contact groups from gmail and then sync . it is a standart feature on android 3 . you can use a third party application to manage your contacts . some applications have the ability to edit contacts ' groups . ( dw contacts and phone and dialer )
use one of the following ussd codes to do what you want : *#7780# Factory Reset *2767*3855# Full Factory Reset *#*#7780#*# Factory data reset  source : xda developers forum a full factory reset is also known as a hard reset . it deletes all of your user data , firmware settings , and wipes your sd card as well . factory resets do not wipe the sd card . basically , a hard reset leaves nothing but the last rom flashed . this is probably what you want . factory reset vs . hard reset
i do not have that particular model , but every android phone i have owned has had a " factory data reset " option . on my nexus s , it is under settings/privacy .
you can find a folder which is writable by the adb user and put arm binaries there . i recall that /data/local/bin is such a place . then you can include that folder in the path variable . you can compile your own binaries ( i do not know how and even if i did explaining that would probably fill a page or two here ) or grab them online . take a look here , you can find a lot of useful packages . if you like to play around in the command line , and you know what you are doing , you could consider rooting the phone . that would make it possible to install busybox easily into the /system partition , and allow more to play around with in general .
i do not think this line of thinking would work . the opera mini experience is built on the premise of the client being able to connect to opera 's rendering server farms and having a web page that is optimised for mobile view being sent to your phone/device after being compressed in order to save data network costs . i do not think modifying your hosts file would work on opera mini - mobile and your default browser - yes , because they connect directly from your phone to the page you are trying to view .
in order to use jit and installing froyo , search cm6 wpdn . its a cyanogenmod 6 hack where you can make all sorts of tweaks , including the ones the other guy gave you
using jit ( just in time ) compiler ( e . g . installing froyo , gingerbread , or " frozen eclair" ) will typically increase cpu-bound processes by 3-5 times . if your device use fat , rfs , or ntfs filesystem , your device might be faster by converting to ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem . however , if you want to prolong the lifetime of your internal memory , use yaffs2 filesystem .
i have been experiencing this as well on the same build/phone . a user on this thread claims that m5 may be much less error prone . i have not reverted to m5 yet myself . when this error loop happens to me , i hold down the power button and try to select " reboot " between the times when i hit ok in the " unfortunately . . . " box .
one of the problems you may face yourself with is that certain services that run in the background ( tasker , google location services , etc ) may quit unexpectedly . other than that , i think that there are no other problem with limiting background apps . edit : what you selected makes it impossible for apps like i mentioned above to stop working . it will not be possible for gmail , for example , to update you on your received emails .
setting this option forces android to stop each process as soon as it is empty ( that is , when no services are started and no activities are on screen for that app ) . to be clear : this option will not stop apps that would normally run in the background from doing so . your mail client will still run periodically to check mail , if it is configured to do that . apps that use google cloud messaging to receive push messages from internet servers ( such as gmail and facebook ) will still be able to do so . the option would be better named " cached background process limit " , since it limits apps that would otherwise show up with that label in the apps manager . next time each app needs to start , android has to load the app from storage , from scratch . this uses more power and takes longer than running it again when the process was in memory . this does not just mean when you start an activity from that app deliberately ; it also means the email client has to be loaded afresh each time it wants to check email . over time this can build up to a huge battery drain . because this is a development option , it can also trigger rare bugs in certain apps , and those apps ' developers may not be keen to fix them . one example is that , on nexus devices running 4.2.2 , when this option is on , the in-built calendar app will keep restarting itself with this option set , because stopping the cached background process causes the calendar 's content provider to be removed , which causes a loop of services restarting each other to check for calendar updates . if this happens , the loop will run down your battery very quickly .
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androïd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
it sounds like you are using the samsung keypad with " portrait keypad type " set to 3x4 keypad , and " xt9" switched off ? for starters , your device has a lot of different keyboard types pre-installed , if you switch to a different keyboard or mode , you can just press " . . . " with 3 presses on the " . " button . before i go into your other keyboard options , you can teach the phone the " . . . " sequence as a new learned " word " . go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , you should now see an option xt9 make sure that this is ticked , and then you can go into xt9 advanced settings and scroll down until you see xt9 my words press add word and type in the three dots as if they were a word and save . now when you are typing you should be able to do it as dot (wait) dot dot which is slightly faster . alternatively change your keyboard mode , go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , portrait keypad types one of your options here is qwerty keypad this keypad looks a lot like a normal computer keyboard , and you can just press dot dot dot without any need for pauses . finally you should also have the swype keyboard pre-installed on a galaxy tab , to turn this on go into settings -> locale and text -> select input method and pick swype . this looks a lot like the samsung qwerty keyboard , and you can use it the same way to do dot dot dot , it also a totally different and fast ( once you have had some practice ) way to enter words by swiping your finger across the keyboard . swype should pop up a tutorial to show you how to do this when you first switch it on .
you connect device to computer running samsung kies and do the damage with official gingerbread all settings and databases will be lost or erased , so take care to make backup ( if you know how to root then with titanium is best ) there is aftermarket ice cream sandwich in development http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=807
if u have the samsung galaxy tab p1010 ( wifi only ) i found a firmware update to gingerbread 2.3.6 released in uk . im in south africa i installed in on my tab it worked perfect problems . but one thing if u do this u will lose ur warrenty well atleast i was told i would but hey it worked perfect . . . and till now there hasnt been a update in south africa so i did it . http://www.sammobile.com/ register and login click firmware type-tablet os-android model-pick ur model if listed as i said i picked a uk release
workaround - use google docs via a browser , and bookmark that page .
well , for the moment i am not coming up with any solution , so i have up and bought chromemarks . i went for the pay version because i really wanted to manipulate the bookmarks on the device . if you just need to see them on the device , then the free version ( chromemarks lite ) does a fine job . i have no idea what the real problem was , but it was worth $1.99 to me to have it solved immediately ( especially since the browser 's built-in bookmarks can not be viewed in any kind of list mode - just the icon view ) .
i am having this issue with a captivate running cm9 . it only happens on certain networks . i can not attribute it to dhcp/static since thats ip and it runs higher in the stack than the physical connection . only guess is with static ip the device is not entering low power state on the wifi chip , where with dhcp it may allow that . i have got some access points that show me connected clients , active , inactive , or inactive standby . certain access points/routers may disconnect clients that do not respond frequently enough ( in standby state ) . my ubiquiti unifi access points do not disconnect my phone when in standby , my ubiquiti pico2 access points do . linksys wrt54g does disco in standby , while my motorola extreme docsis 3.0/wireless router at home does not . it is consistent in each location , so i attribute it more to the access point actively dropping a standby connection versus it being something wrong with the phone .
in a nutshell : using a static ip is like owning a house . having a dhcp lease is like renting , but you may have to move when the lease is up . unfortunately , the tab 's implementation is like a renter who leaves , then tries to get back into his old apartment ( which in this analogy is a dynamically assigned ip address on your wifi network ) and finds it locked . instead of asking for a new lease , it just keeps knocking on the door , never to enter . in this case , it means that your tab will not connect to your wifi network on wake . the detailed explanation : it looks like samsung 's implementation of dhcp lease renewal is at fault here . when a device wakes up and then tries to connect to wifi , it will ask for a dhcp lease ( if expired ) , which also gives it a dynamically assigned ip address . this works fine when the tab first connects . however it looks like it never asks for a new lease and thus new ip address . instead it caches the ip address and keeps trying to reuse it . dhcp is dynamic so it means that any particular device on the network cannot rely on a specific ip . so eventually the lease will expire and/or the ip address that the tab is using gets reassigned to another device . when this happens , your tab cannot connect to wifi . so the solution is to assign static ip until the tab 's implementation of dhcp lease renewal is fixed . an alternative solution is to root your device . then you can manually delete the cached file which contains the stale ip address following the instructions at : http://steve-shaffer.com/2011/02/samsung-galaxy-tab-wifi/ ( where i learned about some of these details as well ) . this will cause the tab to renew the dhcp lease properly and live in a brand new and shiny dynamically assigned apartment on your wifi network .
changing the network connection from dhcp to a static ip address has resulted in connection stability . ( i can not reclaim my own bounty , and it would be a shame for all that rep to simply disappear , so , someone can still claim it by providing an answer that is informative and helpful in some other regard . ideally a solution that does not require using static ip , but also maybe information on why dhcp is unreliable , or even just alternate workarounds that are equally effective . or something else entirely . )
i as well have the stealth trio 10.1 and i as well kept getting dropped off my wifi so i connected my trio to my computer and kept usb off then i had to go in to my router settings go to wifi protected set up and then i had to go to my trio go to settings and then go to wifi and then there is three little grey dots on the top right corner put your finger on the tree squares you see and slide your finger down you will see three options scan , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . wps pin entry , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . advanced , you want to press on . . . . . . . . . . wps pin entry . . . . . . . . . . and you will see an 8 digit pin after obtaining that pin go to your wifi security on your router page and put those numbers in the empty box and then press enroll and just below that you will see a button that says start pbc press on the pbc button and your trio should now say connecting to wifi and it will tell you if you succeeded in connecting your device . . . . . . . . . . . . this is also known as pushing the wifi . let me be clear on one thing my router is a belkin router so if you router is a different type of router you setting my be different so dont forget to call tech support for your router if you are having trouble with this set up its worth the effort .
col , without some additional information , i can only give one real suggestion . did you install cyanogenmod correctly ? whenever installing a custom rom on a phone when coming from a stock or older / different custom rom , you need to wipe : -cache -data -dalvik cache if you go to the cyanogenmod forums , you will see this is question/step 1 in remedying any bug/glitch caused by cm . the best way to do this is to go into your phone 's settings menu , go to privacy ( or wherever htc puts it - maybe storage ) , and do a full factory reset . if you moved from stock , cm6 , or another rom to cm7 without conducting a full wipe , there is no point in attempting to troubleshoot this problem until you have . make a nandroid backup in clockworkmod , and perform a full factory reset ( whether in the settings menu or in the clockwork recovery ui ) , please . please note that i am not saying return to the stock rom , just wipe everything . if this does not work ( which i will be surprised if it does not ) , then there may be other issues .
get pdanet . screw verizon . lifetime use is $14 and you will never be charged another dime . it works well .
switch carriers to one that is more tether-friendly . ( there may not be one . )
without having a custom recovery , such as clockwork mod , i do not know of any way you can get the new talk . if you have a custom recovery ( which i do not think you do ) , you can install two zip files through clockworkmod
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
under settings -> location and security there is an option for " lock screen after " where you can choose how long before the pattern is required . with this setting changed you can turn the phone off and back on and only have to swipe down . under settings -> display there is an option for " screen timeout " that should change the amount of time before the phone goes to sleep . as far as i know the swipe down is not optional .
i would not use a stock app to do this . i have tried using the stock app to do data managing and it is really not that great . here is a great app that will do fine for your situation : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobidia.android.mdm it is free of course , so nothing to lose . here is their youtube video if you want to just check it out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=5u_9bcjedq4
have you tried a profile management app like swip , tasker or condi ? these should give you more control over your wifi schedule . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.fhhgb.mc.swip https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=il.co.kix.minitasker
most of us are experiencing the same issue , sometimes in home there is no packet data , only city areas we are having great connectivity , this is because of heavy network traffic , load on serves which they are not able to transfer to another base station , if you observe carefully at peak hours your network will be down as between 6 to 10 . . . it is not device fault it is most probably service provider/mobile company 's fault and indian govt . . due to poor devices/setup less satellites for telecommunication and more number of peoples in one network
it is not your device problem , it is airtel 's problem . airtel . in website was on off because of server down . and the problem you are facing is very common , as i am also suffering from that and here some more . i would suggest you to disable your data connection whenever your network circle is changing . like while you are travelling . but the solution of this problem is nowhere and can be solved by airtel only . fyi : i have a vodafone sim too and it is working perfectly .
you can use a headset controller app from the playstore ( e . g . jays or philips headset or headsetbutton controller ) to use the " middle button " for that . might take a few tries to find the correct app ( if one does not work fine , try another -- i did the same and finally found one working perfectly , see my answer here ) . i am not sure if they affect the other two buttons at all , or if you even could configure them -- but they allow me ( having a headset with a single button ) to perfom all the most necessary functions like play/pause , skip , vol+ and vol- with a single button .
someone should back me up on how this works , but . . . apps you have installed are synched with your google/gmail account , and will download upon initial sign-in to your new phone . my droid just recently broke , and i was close to the upgrade time , so i got a droid 2 global . i know , of course , my contacts and calendar are synched with my google account , however so were my apps . the verizon rep did not touch my old phone , yet all my apps began downloading as soon as i signed in for the first time . also , to my surprise , my cyanogen background also showed up ( i was running cyanogenmod 6 when my original droid died ) . so , in theory , this should also work for you . verizon uses a proprietary tool called backupassistant that normally takes care of synching most things on your phone , but i specifically deleted it as i do not want my info backed up to verizon . i believe the app sync is built into your google account .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
matt has a first-hand experience with accidentally having google backup all his applications : cancel all market updates/downloads at once
if you are getting another of the same phone running the same firmware then you should be able to use titanium backup , pull the backup to your computer , get the new phone , install ti backup , replace the backup files from your computer , and then run batch restore of your apps . i have not done this before , hopefully others will have more input .
the only issue with titanium backup is that your phone needs to be rooted . if it is not rooted and you are not prepared to root the device , then a suitable alternative would be to use my backup pro : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rerware.android.mybackupprohl=en http://www.rerware.com/
yep . firstly , unless you have downloaded pirate apps ( by which i mean you have downloaded each and every app through the play store ) , the downloaded apps will be in your ' purchase history ' for the google account ( does not matter whether you have actually spent money on the app or got it for free ) . when you undergo initial setup on a new android device and after entering your email address , you are normally given a choice to download all your previous ' purchased apps ' . however , just to be on the safe side , you should make a backup of all your existing apps through a backup utility ( dozens of them on the play store ) . this has the additional advantage that ( depending on the utility ) you may also get all your old app data too . if you use the first method ( the one with the initial setup and email address ) , there is a probability ( depending on your sync settings and the apps ' readiness to backup to google ) that your old app data will not be available to you .
yes , at least on 2.1+ . i do have the samung touchwiz ui though , and the email app is subtly different . i would expect it to be the same in this regard however . note that the email app is terrible , though , and may not otherwise behave how you want . i recommend a third-party app or forwarding your email to gmail .
from android 2.0 exchange support was added and this included multiple exchange accounts . http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.0-highlights.html the highlights there mention " handset manufacturers can choose whether to include exchange support in their devices . " but all the the higher end devises ( galaxy s , nexus one , htc desire etc ) will most certainly support it .
go to Settings -&gt; Developer options and under the " debugging " section tap on the Revoke USB debugging authorizations option . keep in mind that it will remove all of the devices you are authorized , and you will need to re-authorize them again .
how do i know if i am off the internet after using the phone to browse ? you can look at the signal bar , the signal bar would be grayscale when it is not connected to the internet , green if it is connected , and have arrows when actively transmitting data . how do i switch off the internet after use on the samsung spica ? the phone will only connect when it needs to , such as when you are browsing or when an app needs to check for update . unless you are charged by connection time ( i do not know any carrier that does that , most critters charge by amount of transmitted data ) , there is no need to disable them manually when you are not using it . if you need to disable mobile data though , you can do that in the settings > wireless and network .
matthew was right . though since most of the steps had been already done from original rooting , i simply redownloaded the superuser . zip and installed from recovery . fixed the problem . thanks .
its difficult to find the problem without the device . but you can activate the debug mode ( preferences-> applications-> development-> usb-debuging ) then you can start eclipse . open the ddms perspektive and there logcat . perhaps you find there the buggyapp .
a little late for this . wildfire is now rootable . i did it on mine a couple of days ago . i have cyanogenmod running . i followed the instructions in this site you basically first use alpharev to unlock the s-off mode and then you install clockwork recovery to backup and then unrevocked to root .
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
i have just had same prob trying to change get auto capitals back in text . i have found when on text input screen by pressing the cog wheel symbol bottom right of screen and you can select various setting , one is for auto capitals . it drove me mad ' til i found it , reckon i must have hit it by accident sometime . good luck hope this regains a bit of sanity , cheers .
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
are you rooted ? and if not , you need to factory reset your phone to remove it .
here is a good description , on how to do this . to cite the main facts : if your phone is not rooted if your device isn’t rooted , the only thing you can do is perform a hard reset on the device . you can normally do this under settings > privacy > factory data reset . doing this will wipe all data and settings from the device . unfortunately , if you really need to change the main google account , this is the only option unless you gain root access . if your phone is rooted navigate to the /data/system directory . tap and hold the accounts . db file , then select rename . rename the file to accounts . db . old to make a backup of the file . restart your android device . once the device restarts , open an app that requires a google account such as market , gmail or gtalk . you will be prompted to create a new account or login using an existing account . that’s all there is to it .
i believe i had a similar problem . i just bought the moto x on verizon . i linked 3 google accounts to this phone ( including my wife 's to sync our calendars . ) the phone chose my wife 's account as the primary so when i sent text messages they would be sent from my wife 's google account . solution : i went into the google+ account app , logged out of her account and then the phone asked me which one to log into . problem solved to change my primary account without factory reset .
i found myself an answer : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484 now only google play is installed without gmail , talk , . . . but i had to link my phone anyway to google .
i would imagine that google play is not reliant on the other apps like maps , talk or hangout . just to be safe though , here is what i would recommend : create a full system backup of phone delete any apps that you do not want and see if they affect your usage if any apps affected your usage , restore your device and do not delete those apps . remember that it is always better to make a backup and not need it , than to need a backup and not have one = )
you can find an original kernel on sam mobile as @sil suggested . i am using an original orange rom for my samsung galaxy s2 . this website has original roms for all samsung smartphones so i guess you just have to trust them , being one of the most used websites for this kind of content . about the installation , if it fails , which it should not , you can just try installing the rom again and if it still fails then you can re-install your current rom . you can try backing up your settings files using titanium backup .
i was not able to find the stock kernel for this device . instead , i tried siyah 5.0.1 http://www.gokhanmoral.com/?p=1536 . i flashed it with odin . camera works ! will see if rest of phone still works as before .
have you tried this site ? sammobile just select the right country and mobile operator .
there is an xposed module that does this , it is called activityforcenewtask . assuming you are rooted , install the xposed installer , install the framework from within the app , reboot , download the module , enable it , reboot again .
that is two questions in one -- it would have been better to separate them . if you execute an action which has multiple apps as options -- such as e.g. tapping on a music file in your file explorer when having multiple players installed , andoid initially asks you for the app to use -- and lets you chose to make it the default . worked fine for me with the cubed player . this requires the " additional " app has a corresponding " listener " established as poweramp does , in your case . after an app has been selected as the default , you can easily reverse that choice . look under system settings / apps / all ( sweep tabs to the left , if all is not visible ) . select the clear defaults button ( near the bottom ) on the app info page for the android stock music player ( google play music in my case , unsure if that one is your android stock player ) . if it asks for confirmation , confirm yes . the next time you search for and select a local audio file , you will then be offered the opportunity to choose your preferred player app ( enable the use by default for this action checkbox , if you wish ) . you can exclude locations from being scanned by the media scanner by placing a file named .nomedia within those directories . the media scanner will then exclude this directory from its scan , and thus contained files will not make it into the library . you still can chose manually to play them by e.g. looking them up with a file explorer .
the best and simplest idea in the long run would be to get a wireless broadband router that also supports ethernet ( wired networking ) . your pc can still use cables and your android phone just connects to it using wi-fi . without a wi-fi router you still have a few more options that work with windows , as long as your pc has wi-fi ( which you can get using a simple usb network card that costs less than 20 usd ) . in this case you have a few options ( in order of recommendation ) : use software to turn your pc into a wifi router that shares it is internet connection . instructions are available here . setup an ad-hoc network with windows and then root your android phone to enable it to see ad-hoc networks using the instructions found here . use wi-fi direct which is a new protocol that'll work with android 4.0 and windows 8 ( not very helpful , i know ) .
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
the bootloader being locked has nothing to do with whether it is sim-locked to a particular network . it just means you can not flash a custom rom to the device ( without unlocking the bootloader ) . you do not need to unlock the bootloader to change sim to a different network , but if it is sim-locked to a particular network , you need to unlock it from that network . whether you can switch to a payg sim is entirely up to the carrier , and nothing to do with android . you should check with the carrier .
in your google account dashboard view , in the andoid device part you can see which applications stored someting in the android backup service , for my account , beside the standard android wallpaper , android system settings and android market i have some " dragon , fly ! free " data ( a game ) .
the command ' fastboot devices ' shows only the devices it can access properly with fastboot protocol . check if you have sufficient rights for accessing the device ( either do it with root or add aproppriate udev rules ) . check if you really started the device into fastboot mode
go to settings > location > mode and select high accuracy . this will ensure that the gps is used for location .
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
if you have windows , the excellent nexus root toolkit will automate the process that was given here into a one click ' flash to stock and unroot ' plus an additional option to oem lock afterwards . of course it will unlock and root just as easily and other advanced features . you can get it at : http://www.wugfresh.com/dev/nexus-root-toolkit/
it sounds like something got corrupted on your phone . could be a recently installed app . i would recommend resetting the phone to factory settings via recovery console : turn off the phone . turn the phone on , and as soon as you see the motorola " m " logo , press and hold the vol down button . once in recovery console , navigate to the option to factory reset the phone . keep in mind that the factory reset will remove your account , any installed apps and customizations .
i know the question is old , but i tried to find a solution here and on those android forums . none seemed to work . creating a link to /dev/null on . thumbnails solved the problem and now seems so obvious : connect your phone to your computer find the huge dcim/ . thumbnails folder and delete it create a link to /dev/null as root with the folder 's name : $ sudo ln -s /dev/null . thumbnails this avoids the folder to get created again . i did not notice anything going wrong in my device , not even with thumbnails on whatsapp or quickpic .
give your videos and images file names that start with . , like .video . then no thumbnails will be created in your dcim folder . another solution is to disable your gallery app for you app list in your settings .
this happens when you load many images at one time through third party applications like whats'app or pixlrxperss . the only known solution till now is replacing the . thumbnail file with a small . thumbnail file of same name . there might be utmost 2 such files you might have to replace everytime .
there is no need to do anything here , since these files , despite reporting massive sizes , actually use very little space , as they are so called " sparse files " . i left more details on the android ticket about this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39546#c79 ﻿
by googling i have found references to a bug in ics that may be causing this problem . following advice here i have : deleted the thumbdata file ( in dcim/ . thumbnails ) in settings-> applications-> all-> gallery : cleared data ( only a few mb ) , ( i would also have cleared the cache if there was anything there ) , then " force stop " in settings-> applications-> all-> media storage : cleared data ( only about 30mb ) , ( i would also have cleared the cache if there was anything there ) , then " force stop " restarted the phone when i next ran the camera app it was unresponsive for a long time , perhaps 20 to 30 minutes , presumably while it was re-scanning media files . after waiting for this to complete things now seem to be ok : camera , gallery and quickpic all seem to work thumbdata4 seems to have settled at about 500mb ( still surprisingly large , but manageable ) .
the only way is to remove the gallery app and install another app . quickpic is a replacement application that that does not build any thumbnails and is fast and efficient . the answer given by andión also works . note that you have to disable features among various apps to prevent stacking up . in x-plore file manager , disable the " show media files " and it wont generate thumbnails . lastly add some .nomedia files in the image folder you do not normally reach .
firstly delete . thumbnails folder from dcim folder then in dcim folder create file with name ' . thumbnails ' note - create a file not folder . if u dont have file manager then download es file manager from play store for free you are done
there was ( and still is ) such a tab . it is called file explorer , and by default it shows up in the same part of the screen as the threads and heap views . if you have hidden it in the past , you can show it again from the window menu → show view , or by pressing ctrl + 3 . ( thanks to edgard leal for suggesting the keyboard shortcut . )
you can do that with titanium backup pro 's Market Auto Updates\u2026 feature .
as you might already know . . . this feature finally comes in-built with play store v4.3.10 . see this .
go to the desired app , touch the 3-dotted menu button and check auto-update for that app .
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
i think in the usa it should not void your warranty as it is regulated by law and the manufacturer must prove you actively damaged your phone in the the process ( which would be at least funny if you are putting a google android image on a nexus phone and following the steps google itself published , for example ) . the magnuson-moss warranty act states on title 15 of us code , chapter 15 ( consumer product warranties ) , section 2304 ( c ) that the manufacturer must prove the damage inflicted by the user to void the warranty , as explained on this video . in the european union there is an equivalent ruling on eu directive 1999/44/ce
aha ! the trick is to enable web history . after doing so , i now see addresses for my contacts ( my " people" ) in maps when i search for them by name .
the below is from google support and it also includes ipad / iphone support for anyone that may be relevant to . search for a contact’s address google contacts see home and work addresses for friends , family and colleagues in your google contacts on the map . here 's how to find a contact 's address on the map : 1 . open the google maps app . 2 . to sign in , touch the person icon next to the search box . if your person icon is filled in , you’re already signed in . 3 . in the search box at the top , start typing a name . ` suggested contacts will appear in the search results . 4 . touch a result to see that person 's address on the map . if your account is managed by your company or another organisation , you can not currently search for contacts . as per the op finding the solution himself , you need to enable web history for this functionality to work .
please follow the following : Menu - Settings - Apps - Running  and check out which apps are consuming more space in your android device .
though they are not necessarily linked , to find ram usage : Menu/App Drawer &gt; Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running  some apps listed in this section might not be important but drain lot of battery over time . try to uninstall suspicious apps one at a time and figure out the effect on battery life . find alternatives to apps which are eating up lot of resources , if possible . you could also use an app ( such as avg anti-virus ) to stay safe from malicious apps and have a control on various factors which could contribute to battery drain , such as gps , wi-fi , screen brightness etc . . .
i am assuming you mean your photos/music etc . that are stored on the ' sdcard ' ( even though it may not be an actual sd card ) . if so there are a number of apps that can do this . i personally use foldersync ( there is a lite version with some limitations ) others include cheetah sync and syncme wireless but i have not used these so can not comment on how good they are .
try bittorent sync . its the best i have ever used . after all its torrent .
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
in a google voice support thread , some people are indicating that ' p ' in the phone number field will add a 1 second pause . however , someone else ( in the " accepted answer" ) says that google voice does not currently support pause or wait characters . i do not think android will let you put numbers in a phone number field , but it might be worth a try . on a slightly different tack , have you tried a semi-colon instead of a comma ?
first , i am an pure android user . i have never owned an mac , so i can not comment on everything . since both use ical , some kind of sync should be possible . but i would not recommend that . imap is no problem and you lose nothing . imap is supported by android 's mail client and k-9 . you do not need gmail for contact sync . i would recommend using google contacts . android 's philosophy is much about cloud backup and restore , therefore it is a feature of android . but since google can not fore the apps to use that or even force the manufactures to enable the backupagent it is not 100% available for non-google apps/devices . but if you have root and titaniumbackup , the device can easily be saved and restored completely . no problem at all here . it should work with any modern android device . can not comment on that i think that if you buy an android device you should also use the google services ( besides gmail in you case , but that is no problem . i also do not use gmail , but everything else ) . so for 1 . 3 . and 6 that is google calendar , google contacts , google docs ( now google drive , good for notes ) and google todo . if you ok with having your data within the google cloud . but the synchronization is just awesome . you can use every google service with the google webapps ( or chrome apps ) from you mac other solutions are most likely some 3rd party tools that try to build a bridge from the google world to apple . which may or may not work , may needs to be purchased , etc . there are just to many pitfalls that impair the experience .
recently helped someone figure this out for another device , and the same method will probably work here : grep all of the configs for config_android to select only those configs that enable the various android kernel customizations . rule out any that have substantially fewer matching lines than others . then examine those that match ( hopefully only a very few ) to see which mention samsung , or the codename of the device or something like that .
have you tried http://opensource.samsung.com ? there is usually a readme file in the zip that will yield the clue : ) also , is it cdma/4g/lte/gsm version ? and the specific model name ? those two are important to ascertain before downloading the right source from samsung 's site : ) i downloaded gt-i900p_ics_opensource . zip from there and the config file was u1_nfc_defconfig in arch/arm/configs . however i realized i downloaded the wrong version as the clue is in the existing kernel version - 3.0.15- i9100m . . . . which is the gt-i9100m is what you are looking for : )
the problem is not the strength , but the direction . at least my nexus 4 makes no noise if it vibrates while lying flat on the table . lay it on the side , and it will wake the dead . the axis of rotation should be paralell to the screen , not perpendicular . no amount of software will fix this hardware/design error .
requirements a google checkout account with valid credit card ( this has no country limitations ) pre-paid sim card from supported country ( for me pre-paid three uk sim worked just fine ) steps for purchasing insert the pre-paid sim enter google account that is associated with google checkout ( account will be asked because of sim change ) connect over wi-fi purchase the wished application just download and install questions what about roaming charges ? as a rule pre-paid sims do not work in other countries , so the only way to browse the market and download applications is connecting over wi-fi . why is a sim required ? market detects your location by sim cards home country . by using a sim from supported country you are effectively faking your location . is not it required for google checkout account or credit card used to be in supported country ? it seems that not . for me these were both located in estonia and everything went without problems . what if application is using some weird copy protection that locks it to a specific sim card ? would the app not stop working when real sim is swapped in ? to prevent this kind of copy protection on locking to the incorrect sim the easiest option is to cancel the download after purchase has been complete . swap the real sim in and complete the download . if there is some kind of sim check , it can be only done after installation has been complete . where can i get a pre-paid sim card ? check ebay : ) there is no actual credit required on the sim , so these should be pretty cheap . --credit : the poster himself ( jaanussiim )
for rooted phones : there is an app called market enabler that allows you to fake which country and carrier you are on when you are browsing the market so that you can easily browse markets from other countries or carriers . using this you should be able to connect to other european markets ( i do not know which country you are in but many european markets such as uk do allow paid apps , you do not have to go to the us for them ) .
i think you had need to have a credit card that has a billing address in the us ( or other supported country ) . in europe apps can be bought by users in austria , france , germany , italy , netherlands , spain , the uk , and switzerland . hopefully the number of supported countries will be increased when google announces its apparently imminent market improvements . the recent change to the terms and conditions to allow for carrier billing and rumours of paypal support suggest that there will be new payment options in the near future , potentially for countries where google checkout is not currently available . if you can not use the official market you could use andappstore , slideme or one of the other third party app stores . the app selection and user base is considerably reduced however .
just leave the damn app alone , it is black and uninviting anyway , and install a more appealing sms app , try go sms or handcent sms .
it is possible , but unlikely , that it is being killed by the android automatic killer to free up ram , but as the samsung galaxy s2 has 1 gb of ram this is unlikely . one other explanation is that you are accidentally pressing the home button while you type , or are pressing something on your keyboard that has the same effect . if possible , install the drivers for your device , download adb + required dll 's , and type into a command prompt : logcat &gt;&gt; logcat.log  then make it happen . this will dump all of the logs to the logcat . log file . you could then paste this into pastebin , for us to have a look at .
you can try to investigate this issue more deeply based on system logs . install some application to grabbing logs from device ( for example sendlog ) . when you application crashes , then grab system log in which should be placed callstack started in your application . getting logs should be done asap after crash , because these files rotate .
i would try going in to Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications -> All and select the messaging app . then the clear data for the application . there may be something in the data that is corrupt and causing an issue . i know this does not necessarily solve the problem , but you can try using another sms application , like handcent sms for example . i personally never liked the messaging application that comes in touchwiz ( samsung 's additions/changes to android ) , which is why i moved to a custom rom as soon as a stable one was made available . that is not the answer for everyone , but replacing the messaging app with a 3rd party app is " the next best thing " .
you should probably try looking at what processes are running , you probably have a game or application with some services maybe even something with an sms intent grabber to read when you have messages and alert you or whatever . avast is good for monitoring applications resources and uninstalling them if you do not like doing it in the settings . it also puts up applications by permissions which make it easy to see if something is grabbing sms messages off the intent . it is free , you do not need to root , and as long as you do not do the admin mode easy enough to uninstall .
an unlocked bootloader is the precondition to mod a phone . it is not the same as having root ; it just allows you to install a custom recovery and a different boot . img . you need to flash a cwm recovery and a compatible gain-root . zip or just start all over and install a real rom like cyanogenmod ( hope your model 's supported ) what you gain from having an unlocked bootloader : fastboot access . these are the most important commands ( 'boot ' may be missing though ) : fastboot boot boot.img ( boot to boot . img without flashing ) fastboot flash recovery CWM.img ( install a custom recovery ) what you have to do to gain root : if your htc supports the fastboot boot 'foo.img' command , use this to launch a temporary clockworkmod recovery from here or find a suitable cwm in your phone 's xda forum . if your model only supports the fastboot flash 'recovery.img' , you have to install the recovery permanently to the phone 's recovery partition . after that you have to install supersu ( see this thread on xda , search for cwm installable zip : cwm-supersu-v0.98 . zip ) via the recovery 's install zip from sdcard or adb sideload feature . this pushes both the su binary and the superuser . apk to your phone . after that you have root and can enjoy all those cool root apps .
unfortunately , its not possible with stock email client unless samsung pushes an update . try other email clients from play store .
you could always go back to the general gmail app . it allows you to have multiple accounts ( in case that is why you were using the other built-in client ) . Settings-&gt;Add Account  labels can be set and are visible . lastly , since you are using jelly bean , you will see similar email preview notifications - and it will not only show the first 2-3 inbox items .
you should be able to call the messaging intent with am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW "sms:numberhere" -e "sms_body" "hello"  using the intent command as described here : http://learnandroid.blogspot.com/2008/01/run-android-application-from-command.html stackexchange-url
at least if using the stock messaging app sms backup + can backup your messages in a readable format to your gmail . and for contacts i would recommend syncing them to google contacts and exporting them from there ( as chahk mentioned in the comments ) .
i do not believe @mark dorsey is talking about the imei , i think he means the device id that android assigns to a device . this id is generated when the device first boots , but it will be recreated if you do a factory reset . reference more specifically , settings . secure . android_id . this is a 64-bit quantity that is generated and stored when the device first boots . it is reset when the device is wiped . android_id seems a good choice for a unique device identifier . there are downsides : first , it is not 100% reliable on releases of android prior to 2.2 ( “froyo” ) . also , there has been at least one widely-observed bug in a popular handset from a major manufacturer , where every instance has the same android_id . with that said , there is no guarantee that the application you are looking to gain access again with uses the device id , it may use other means to identify the device , like mac address , or some other information , or even a combination of them .
you need root to access most of the phone storage , such as the data partition and databases ( e . g . contacts ) . even then you need to use adb from the android sdk which is not particularly user friendly . there is no way to access the sim over usb that i know of &mdash ; it would be pretty complicated to make that work .
i know it is a workaround , but i frequently use selfmail , which adds itself to the pretty-much-universal " share " action . as an example , open a picture , select share , and pick it from the list .
you could create a shortcut on your home screen to your contact info . first make sure you have got an entry for yourself in your contacts with your email address ( not the " me " contact , but an extra one ) . then go into your applications screen , tap the widgets tab at the top , find either the 4x1 or 1x1 " contact " widget and add that to an empty spot on your home screen , when prompted find your contact in the list . now when you want to create a new email just tap your contact icon on the home screen , tap the email icon and it should open up a new email , with your email pre-populated in the to box .
you could just save drafts ( with gmail ) , no need to send the massage at all . or you do not need to use the " to:" header to send yourself mail at all but instead can send email to a `default-bcc field and leave the " to:" empty . k9 allows this :
try this : adb shell " cd /data/local and and mkdir tmp " adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp . bak adb shell ln -s /data /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb wait-for-device adb shell rm /data/local . prop adb shell " echo \"ro . kernel . qemu=1\" > /data/local . prop " adb reboot by creating a link to from /data to /data/local/tmp , android will believe you are writing to /data/local/tmp even though you are actually writing to /data . this method is actually used to successfully root many devices , though some have it specifically in the build.prop that /data/tmp is off limits . this method might not work with a kindle fire , though i have not tried . i have rooted a kindle fire , but it involved a different method entirely . first , twrp recovery had to be flashed . then , a fake recovery image exploit . then , you could gain access to copy over your su and busybox binaries . you can try the local.prop method as i described above though . it is compatible with many devices .
short answer : you will have to root your device for that . explanation : the shell user has no write permission there . the /data directory is not owned by shell , nor does their group match : on my motorola milestone 2 , e.g. , it is owned by system:system and has the permissions drwxrwxr-x , while shell belongs to the shell group only . only on a rooted device you could either change the permissions , or be privileged enough to override them . ps : on android , the sudo command is simply called su -- which explains your last error ( /system/bin/sh: sudo: not found ) in case your device is already rooted .
you did not follow the rooting instruction properly . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/34162-root-kindlefire-7hd-probably-the-other-2ndgen-kindlefire/ the instruction above would have you create symbolic links to the /data/ directory from /data/local/tmp/ which would make the /data/local . prop writable after a reboot . make sure you follow the instructions precisely , including the reboots and all , and make sure you check each step that they do not produce unexpected error message .
what you are describing is generally referred to in android parlance as an " intent filter " , and yes - android supports this via the &lt;data&gt; element in the application 's manifest file . you could point them to that documentation link in your bug report . you can also find examples on stack overflow with some relevant code samples : android respond to url in intent intercepting links from the browser to open my android app
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
seems like write_raw_image works only from filesystem and does what dd does . proper way would be to just extract the images package_extract_file("aboot.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p5"); package_extract_file("modem.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p1"); 
perhaps you are talking about airplane mode ? if so , it saves on battery without having to actually turn off your phone by shutting down all the radios . it is also useful for places that do not allow cell phones ( hospitals , airplanes during take off/landing , etc ) in that it will not ring , etc .
the cookies , for the default android browser , are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to files that do not belong to them , like the database file . in order for what you are asking to be possible , the browser application would have to implement this functionality .
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
afaik , the 4.0.4 is currently only available for the cdma/lte , but someone over at modaco has a modified version of the 4.0.4 working for gsm . it looks like everything is working on the gsm version with this modified release . i have also read that 4.0.5 will be released next month , so you may want to just wait .
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
important : sync your old google account data between your phone and google before starting with the following instructions . you should log in to your old google account , and then go to google takeout , where there are tools to export your account information to an archive ( and even you will be able to transfer all your google+ circles to your new account ) . to move contacts and other info from the old account to the new one , follow the instructions from this article . also you can go to data tools settings page , where you will find how to delete your old account , in the section account management . good luck .
the trick is in 4.4 . x and/or other systems you have to send an enter after the command or else you have to wait x sec/min . so do it like : adb shell @shell: input keyevent 26 @shell: @shell: exit  this will work in any case , i think .
if you are on 4.2.2 , you might want to read e.g. adb whitelist as of the android 4.2.2 : starting with this android version , " remote devices " ( i.e. . those you run adb commands from ) must be authorized by the android device ( i.e. . the one those commands are runnin on ) -- so your android device can tell " trusted callers " from " malicious attackers " . you can also find this in detail on this article on androidpolice : the way it works is pretty simple - when you connect your pc to your android device via usb , android gets your pc 's rsa key ( an identifier token ) . in android 4.2.2 , when you have usb debugging enabled , this now causes a prompt to appear on connection , seen below . ( image source : androidpolice ) update from the comments below : additionally , as shurane pointed out , behavior of adb keyevent seems to have changed with android 4.2.2: while before adb keyevent 26 was a dedicated " screen-off " , and adb shell input keyevent 82 a dedicated " screen-on " switch , now adb keyevent 26 is a toggle which turns the screen off ( when it is on ) and on ( when it is off ) , as noted by pepelac .
the base miui is quite closed source and opaque ( there was some brouhaha on xda about it ) i am sure . there are several spin-offs and/or aosp merges in different languages on xda . these are specific links to current miui roms ( current as at 29 aug 2011 ) i9000: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1118682 sgs2: http://www.galnetmiui.co.uk however , i would suggest you monitor the relevant device forum at xda and see what is out there . versions change , roms come and go , threads are closed/new ones opened etc so the two links above may not be reliable over time i have a htc desire : there were half a dozen miui roms for this a few months ago . ymmv of course edit : note also that rom developers are leaving xda because of the noise and stupid users . hence the galtnet miui link ( which i got from xda ) . so you may find less info than you expect on xda you said miui but i can recommend oxygen for the sgs2 ( i use this on my desire )
how long have you had your phone ? one common cause of intermittent headphone connections like this can just be that after carrying your phone around in your pocket for months , it has picked up " pocket fluff " in the headphone socket . at first this just squashes down out of the way when your headphones are plugged in , but after a while so much builds up that it stops the headphones plugging in fully and making a secure connection . removing this fluff can be as simple as just pulling it out with a straightened paper clip ( be careful when you stick it in there ) . this is what i found by in my headphone socket a little while ago with a paper clip . there are also some slightly more complicated ways to give the socket a good clean . this fluff problem is far more common with smart phones , than with stand-alone mp3 players or old-fashioned walkman-type devices , as you had commonly leave the headphones permanently plugged into those older single-purpose devices , whereas people usually leave the headphone socket empty on general purpose smart phones most of the time , and slip them in and out of fluff and lint filled ( and generating ) trouser pockets .
i believe why this is happening is because when your phone goes into standby the processor goes into a state where the processor slows down to save battery life . you could try to see if there is a feature in your mod to turn off this mode . i think your phone does not go into power saver mode when it is plugged in , try that and see if it works ( this solution is less convenient because your phone needs to be plugged in ) . one last thing i could think of would be trying to kill some services that are hogging cpu . this solution will be more likely to drain your battery if you kill some services that automatically start up again . good luck !
well , " insufficient memory " sounds like you are having problem with your memory ( ram ) , not your storage space . diskusage is a very good tool , but it only checks disk space and not your memory ( ram ) usage . i just checked out the specs on your phone , and you have 512mb memory ( ram ) . that is 1/6 of what i have got on my phone , samsung galaxy note 3 with 3000mb memory ( ram ) . i know it can be confusing with the terms when reviewers and everyone use memory , sdcard , storage and ram very loosely . i use the same terms people use on computers . my chrome application is currently using 91mb of storagespace as " data " . i believe that chrome is just storing pictures and tempfiles for the open webpages in data , along with your settings , passwords and so on . you can at any time go into the settings on your android menu , choose " applications " , find " chrome " and delete data . your chome application will then act like you just installed it . you can try to see if this helps . and it might help for some time . i think the main problem is that you do not have enough memory ( ram ) on your device , and running a almost new os ( 4.1.2 ) . if you compare your phone with my previous phone , samsung galaxy s2 as it was released in 2011 and has twice as much memory ( 1000mb ram ) as your phone . this phone came with android 2.3 . which does not require as much as newer versions . i looked up on your os , android 4.1 . x , and the minimum requirements are as following : 7.6.1 . minimum memory and storage " device implementations must have at least 340mb of memory available to the kernel and userspace . the 340mb must be in addition to any memory dedicated to hardware components such as radio , video , and so on that is not under the kernel 's control . " source : http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/source.android.com/no//compatibility/4.1/android-4.1-cdd.pdf this will not give you much left to other applications . well , i think that chrome also have a share of the blame , as this is no lightweight browser . to solve the problem then i would first try to set for another browser that is lighter . i would , for example , try " opera browser " , which is designed to use as little data traffic as possible and to run on slow phones . the browser also has a feature that allows when you are phone is asking for a webpage , it will fetch the entire page onto opera 's servers and compress images before the webpage is sent to your phone . this means that the images are not displayed in full quality , but since the screen of a cell phone much smaller than on a pc , its just as well . since the images is compressed , and use less data traffic , it will also use less space on the cellphone 's storage-temp-space . hopefully , this will solve your " insufficient memory " problem . i hope this helps : )
it turns out that all of the data chrome stores is actually the internet cache . if you look at the desktop counterpart of chrome it regularly stores ~100+ mb of internet cache . i have done some experiments : i have cleared the cache and ran chrome without browsing to any sites : just started it it did not grow very big ~5mb or less . but when i did browse to sites got big very fast . i have a nexus 7 v1 and a zte 665c and both replicated the same results . this is typical of google chrome and the internet cache . what i would recommend to you is getting a better storage medium if you can . if not then i would recommend to browse in private mode because it keeps the internet cache to a minimum . here is some interesting facts on what is deleted . i know that is for the desktop version but most of it applies to the mobile version . https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95582?hl=en and as Dan Hulme said it also stores this data : it also contains : resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb . to wrap it all up the main offender is the internet cache . the websites that you visit also give you extra files as stated above and last but not liest are the settings . the give you only a few kbs but it all adds up ! have a great day !
it contains:- resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
if you simply want a fresh installation and no update , then a factory reset would be sufficient .
from swype help swype supports text entry in a number of languages . to switch between languages : Tap the SYM key. Tap the key showing the abbreviation code for the currently  active language ( e . g . " en " for english ) . a language choice window displays , showing available languages . select the desired language by tapping it in the list . to toggle between the current language and last-used language , swype from the swype key to the key with the current language indicator . however if the swype was preinstalled ( as seems the case by way of the update given to you ) it seems that you are stuffed as there is no way to add a language , or if it comes to that , edit a preinstalled language with swype . this is probably the one downside of swype , whereby they have a business model to sell to carriers not to the public and a preinstalled swype is neither updateable or removeable . solution : spend a couple of bucks on the excellent swiftkey in the market , it has editable and readily available language dictionaries and is very full featured and is directly comparable to swype .
you can not terminate wininit . if their installer is trying to do so then it is broken , or trying to install a rootkit by replacing system files in use by wininit . normally you should have an option to ignore the warning and it will simply need a reboot after the install ( though given that it is warning about a system process , i would not trust it as far as i could throw it ) . did you get the installer from sony 's official site ?
did you see the source or file location of wininit.exe and java.exe it occurs to me that these files are virus files and you need to run some antivirus scan . the problem is these viruses use a regular windows process name and will be in another directory to cause confusion . running malwarebytes may help . one more thing if you find wininit.exe or java.exe in other than System32 folder you can delete it . source : youtube video the best thing you can do for updation is trying in another virus free pc or removing the virus in your pc
for listening to podcasts , google has a separate application , called google listen , which will sync feeds under the listen subscriptions category . unfortunately , new features are not being actively added , but does provide enough functionality to be useful .
i ended up buying an app called doggcatcher it has a ton of great features and for podcasts it works much better than google reader , i highly recommend it .
this may not be what you are looking for ( i can not find any options for epst in this menu ) but give ##7764726 a try . the password is 000000 ( six zeros ) and it should bring up a menu with 9 different options . maybe what you want is in there somewhere . i know that using option 4 and setting evrc-b will make your call quality better . normally it is set to evrc .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
from my html5 knowledge , offline content and access , even though implemented by the website , will only work if the browser the client is using supports it . the ios browser seems to support offline applications , but the android one does not yet , based on what you said . so you will jsut have to wait until the browser is updated .
you can use this app : offline browser link : you can download a portion of a web site in your sd card and then read it offline
i had the same issue . unfortunately if you have tried to check\uncheck more than two or three times you will end up resetting your device . explained here https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=53130
i do research on li-ion batteries . why batteries fade over time is still an issue that is unknown at the fundamental level . what i can tell you is that there is a solid electrolyte interphase ( sei ) which forms upon the first charging cycle . this sei protects the negative electrode but it is suggested that the sei leads to fading over time . if you fail to charge the battery fully the first cycle , the sei will not fully form and may lead to fading over time . i have experienced this and i really do not think it is a myth . there is so much info out there . if this is a myth or not nobody will ever know i will tell you this for sure . p.s. read that ' battery university ' page . total b.s. read some current scientific papers on the issue .
li-ion does not need to be fully charged , as is the case with lead acid , nor is it desirable to do so . in fact , it is better not to fully charge , because high voltages stresses the battery . choosing a lower voltage threshold , or eliminating the saturation charge altogether , prolongs battery life but this reduces the runtime . since the consumer market promotes maximum runtime , these chargers go for maximum capacity rather than extended service life . source : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/charging_lithium_ion_batteries
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
yrajaby is right . other things you have to keep in mind : follow the instruction about the batery temperature range do not keep your battery completely discharged for long periods of time
i managed to unbrick my phone eventually . tried to use rsd lite with several images , but it would give an error and then the application would crash and leave my bootloader corrupt . i tried all the schemes i could find including : loading the image from root of c : , disabling uac , etc . , but nothing worked . then i tried sbf_flash on linux with the same image , and it worked like a charm , no errors , and my phone was up and running again . so for anyone else who may encounter this problem , i warmly recommend using sbf_flash , it is incredibly simple to use .
check that you have usb debugging ticked in developer settings . if that does not work i would uninstall all the drivers relating to your phone and start again from scratch . note that the drivers that are needed while in fastboot can be different to the drivers needed for normal data transfer . i have had all kinds of problems relating to this a with my htc one x .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
i can not find the factory-reset instructions for a device with this specific name . arnova 's devices are named in confusing ways , so perhaps several names are used for the same device in different markets . but can you find a pinhole somewhere at the botton of your device ? it should be on the left . does it say " reset " ? then insert a paperclip and see what happens . if that does not work , you could try the instructions on arnova 's support page : " if your tablet freezes often or if you get error messages during the start up of your tablet , you can use the recovery mode to reset your tablet to its factory settings , removing all installed applications as well as any data or content . your tablet must be up to date with the latest firmware – downloadable from the downloads area of this website . to access recovery mode on the arnova 10bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button + and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button + . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes –delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 9g3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the home button and press the on/off button . once the arnova boot logo is displayed , release the home button . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes –delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 8cg3/8bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button – and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button – . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option "
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
i used to have this problem on my motorola droid 1 . i used tasker to " stop music " on certain headset events . see my answer here .
this is a known bug in android ( even in certain eclair systems ) . there is a widget called headset blocker that when added to any of your homescreens and activated prevents the music player from playing whenever you unplug your headest . freeware and it works . see if it helps .
since you mentioned motorola in the question , this might be your problem : the droid and milestone were having this problem on android 2.0.1 or less . it was corrected on android 2.1 . so update your phone to the latest version and it should be corrected .
you can now search and install apps from the android market website . it apparently launched today and people ( myself included ) are having trouble loggin in but i am sure they will clear it up soon . now you can search apps , filter by free vs paid and sort by relevance or popularity . there is also a button on each listing for " install " which will probably be like appbrain 's service that causes the app to automatically download on you phone ( when you are able to actually login ) . when you visit http://market.android.com/ on your phone , you actually see the site but if you click on any apps or search you are redirected to the market app .
when google 's vice president of engineering vic gundotra announced froyo in his keynote for google i/o 2010 last may , he showed that they are working on a new website where we will be able to search , browse , and install apps directly from the website . however up to this day ( january 2011 ) , no more words has been heard of that website ever since . note that everything in this paragraph is speculative : my guess is that they are holding back the website to launch with honeycomb or probably for google i/o 2011 ( or they may be going to announce honeycomb on google i/o 2011 ( edit : no , they just given peek preview of honeycomb 's tablet feature at ces 2011 , they have not released any honeycomb device yet though ( edit2: honeycomb is now released ) ) . also , it is possible that web install will only be for android 2.2 and above due to c2dm requirement , though google might have other solutions . another possibility is they are scraping the site , and are now wishing for everyone to forget what they were saying in front of thousands of audience and practically eternal youtube audiences . but keep in mind that it is really up to google 's strategic , on how and when they will launch the new site . ( edit3: android web market have been released for some time now at https://market.android.com/ ) for now , though , appbrain and androidzoom provide similar functionalities .
androidzoom is another site , similar to appbrain .
not without a different rom but you may be able to add one to the notification area . try this , i do not know how well ( if at all ) it works on the s5 but it is worth a shot .
sms popup will create a modal dialog box on your screen when you receive a text message . you can make it turn the screen on too if the phone 's screen is off . handcent ( full sms replacement app ) also has a similar feature built into it .
if you click on the text message icon and go to your text message inbox , hit the settings button on youur phone and go to " settings . " scroll down and you can select the box enabling the phone to provide a preview of the message text .
a good resource on questions like this is the tasker userguide ( link goes to the " actions " page here ) . quoting : menu show a selection dialog and perform a different action depending on which item the user selects . sounds like exactly matching your purpose , though i have not tried it . you can even specify a default action , which then would be executed on timeout as well ( i.e. . when you did not notice the menu " in time" ) . the menu element belongs to tasker scenes . please refer to the userguide index and check the " scene " section for closer information , if needed . you should be able to combine ( or wrap ) this with an if statement in case you only want to be asked on a given condition like " display on " .
the widget in the middle is the " android and me rss widget " . what you see is basically the sense ui . you may try the accuweather widget for the weather . but it will possibly not look that shiny .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
to reset the battery stats you just need to go to recovery and wipe battery stats . its best if you do this with your battery fully charged . its wise to leave the phone an extra 10-20 minutes when wiping stats to ensure the battery is fully charged .
did you install some program right before it happened ? did you open a program , made changes , saved , and this happened ? are you using a custom kernel or rom ? if it is a new program , try to uninstall it first and check the results . if you did not install anything but used a program before the battery meter broke , then try clearing the data and cache of that program to set it to defaults . if the above did not work then you might need to report the kernel to it is respective developer or try to flash another kernel/rom ( if using a custom kernel/rom ) , and if not . a factory reset might fix your problem like what izzy said . i recommend using titanium backup to backup your files because its easy to restore afterwards . if it still did not help and you get a fast battery drain , then it is most likely a hardware problem , eg . power ic might be shorted
go locker has probably the most intuitive interface for changing the lock screen . plus they have an embedded store on their application making installation of new themes very easy . i have noticed in the google play store description for lockscreen calendar ( not part of go locker ) , that there are reported problems for replacing the lock screen on samsung devices . try go locker , that might help override samsung default settings , then perhaps your own screen locker applications might work . if your stuck on how to use these applications , try starting them from the applications menu . there should be instructions on their use . nb : here 's a lifehacker review of lockscreen calendar .
if you update to android 4.3 ( official ) , you can get the lockscreen widgets for it , which should do the job . or you could get one of the many lockscreen replacement apps from the playstore . i myself use cover : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coverscreen.cover
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
you can successfully reopen the stack exchange in the state of asking for google account 's code of authentication , if : open authenticator , and memorize/copy . . . , the 6 digit number . open the app drawer ( not the recent used list access by pushing home button for a while ! ) select the internet browser from there . now you should have the browser in the state you left it ( waiting for the 6 digit number ) although this is a solution to ( not being able to introduce the 6 digit code ) , it will not solve the problem of stack exchange app inability to save your login credentials .
you can not use an app specific passphrase . stackexchange uses google as an openid provider and that works with access tokens . to continue/finish the openid process you need to be logged in to google of course ( using the regular 2-step passphrase+token method ) . you will then be asked if you want to grant access by google and the app will get an access token .
converted from my comment , as there were no other answers : the apps you name most likely need to access your phone number , or using sms to unlock their features – but your tablet cannot provide such , as it has no telephony functionality . you could try , however , to install them on your phone , extract the .apk of the apps with e.g. appmonster , and side-load it to your tablet . while this way the apps might install , they might still have problems running ( without being able to access your phone number ) , or even might refuse starting up at all .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
in some ( most ) jurisdictions , this is legally not allowed and may fall under wiretapping laws . it would also allow easy covert surveillance by 3rd party apps and would scare most users while only a minority would benefit from it and ise it in the intended way . think of rogue apps ( blackmailing the owner ) , cheated wifes/husbands wiretapping their so , the scandal when reporters from the news of the world wiretapped royals and celebrities , etc . this is an anti feature that opens a can of worms . from the technical side : the android kernel/api do not expose a way to do that . this is why it does not work unless you install a hacked 3rd party firmware that allows that . searching xda developers for modded firmware for your model will probably yield some .
have you tried galaxy call recorder yet ? features list : - recording calls , ability to enable/disable recording service in the settings - showing grouped records extended with contact information such as name and icon . - settings to disable recording when headphones on or bluetooth device connected - settings to disable recording for incoming , outgoing call and for some contacts . - ability to specify different audio sources for headphones and bluetooth devices . - calling , sending sms , creating an event from the app . - ability to stop recording from a notification . - ability to play , delete the recent record from a notification . - ability to specify a recording delay , a minimal length of records . - ability to enable/disable the detailed notifications in the program . - ability to record a conversation into a small set of files . - deleting a record or many records at once . - locking/unlocking records to prevent unwanted deleting . - ability to automatically deleting records . - ability to send records to dropbox , google drive , and skydrive etc . - integration with google+ . - flexible ui settings to change a font size and a background . - screen lock . - saving records to microsd card , dropbox disk . if you already tried this , you should mention which apps you tried already .
after much struggling and right before i was just going to give up , i´ve found the solution . so naturally , i thought best to share it here , just in case anyone else was having the same issue . the issue was : 1- i have a nexus 7 ( 1º gen ) that after a failed android upgrade was infinite looping though the welcome window ( right after the google logo appears ) . 2- so i´ve first tried the easy solution : a factory reset using the bootloader screen ( and i´ve accessed that screen pressing power and volume down while turning on the device ) . 3- it didn´t worked , because the problem explained in 1 was still happening . 4- the tablet wasn´t being recognized by windows ( nor linux for that matter ) , so i couldn´t even get to its settings in order to set it in debugger mode . so , to solve the issue this is what i´ve done : a- i´ve installed the universal naked driver in order to my pc to be able to recognize the nexus device . it did recognized it before , after the looping problem . but after the failed resetting of the device , it seems that it didn´t recognized it anymore . b- i´ve installed the nexus root toolkit in order to unlock the bootloader and then reinstall the drivers . i´ve tried some other toolkits , but this was the only one that it actually worked out of the box . c- so , using the toolkit i : pugged in the tablet into my pc clicked the " unlock " button ( yes , the process erases all personal data ) . selected " soft bricked/bootloop " and then clicked " flash stock + unroot " and then just followed the instructions . there´s a quick way of doing the same ( but in my case it didn´t worked out ) , that maybe someone with ubuntu can use , and it´s here . hope this helps some desperate folk out there .
your phone settings cannot possibly affect the strength of the signal produced by a wireless router . i would assume that this option just prevents wi-fi " sleep " , seemingly confirmed by this discussion . if that is the case it will consume more power when you are not using your phone .
are you willing to consider changing your default music player ? if so , doubletwist is a great itunes-like desktop/android app that allows you to sync and play everything all in one place . best part is that it is free ( everything but their wireless airsync ) .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
try out opera mini browser . it is good for mobile systems . but there is no specified browsers you are looking for erp kinda data .
you can do a factory reset . to do this you press the vol up and power key together . if that wont work , try the vol down as i may be wrong . you should at some point of messing with the buttons get a broken android picture of the robot . then you play with the buttons and get to a menu that has " factory reset "
the camera on the samsung galaxy s 3 does have a timer . click the gear to bring up the settings menu . timer is nearly halfway down , between focus mode and resolution .
there is camera jb + available from the google play store features : ● camera : 3 modes : camera , video recorder and panorama silent mode ( no shutter sound , might not work on some devices ) pinch to zoom configurable volume keys wide screen pictures picture quality setting ( low/medium/high/ultra ) configurable storage source ( internal/sd card ) timer burst mode guidelines video/audio quality configurable ● gallery : ultra fast photos and videos viewer configurable thumbnail size grid view/filmstrip view hide unwanted folders slideshow mode trim videos ● photo editor : high quality photo editing new filters and borders
according to an article at maggo ( german ; google-translate variant ) you can use carddav-sync for this : start the app select " create new account " fill in the settings : servername : contacts . icloud . com use ssl username : your icloud user password : your icloud password hit " next " . the app now checks the entered data on the next screen , you do not need to change the account name . check " sync from server to phone " tap " finish " , and your contacts should be transfered from icloud to your android device . carddav-sync setup : step 3 and step 5 ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant )
create a new android project . in your activity 's onCreate() method write this code String url = "http://www.your-link.com/; Intent i = new Intent(Intent.ACTION_VIEW); i.setData(Uri.parse(url)); startActivity(i);  it will open an intent and show you all the browsers installed in your device . just select any one and that will do . chears ! !
bookmark the page in chrome for android . go to your bookmarks , long-press on the bookmark , and click " add to home screen " . source : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57416489-285/how-to-add-chrome-for-android-bookmarks-to-your-home-screen/ works on my galaxy s4 and nexus 7 .
i just did this on my nexus 4 w/4.4.2 and the above answer is partially right . open your contacts and tap on the picture to open up the contact . now tap the silhouette of the person next to the star . now you can tap the 3 dots in the upper right corner and that opens up the editor . finish the edit and tap done in the upper left .
in kitkat 4.4.2 , to view contact details just click the image of a certain person on your contact app ( not the dialer ) but if you want to edit click on the name . : )
the trick is to click the image , not the remainder of the item , to be able to edit it .
click on the dial ( phone icon ) . find the person you intend to text . select the 3 dot icon on the far right ( at the bottom ) . select " all contacts " . boom ! just scroll to the contact and select . i hope this gets ironed out as well .
for moto g and ( possibly many other android devices ) you can do this directly from the phone app : tap the person icon followed by the three dots in the top right ( see circled icons below ) screenshots ( click images for larger variants )
do not use the phone/dialer app to edit contacts : use the main people app ( it is called contacts on some non-nexus phones ) . from that app , when you click the contact you want , it displays that contact , and you can click the pencil icon on the action bar ( at the top ) to edit the contact . ( the icon might look different on your phone , because most manufacturers replace the people app with their own variant . )
go to settings > search > searchable items then tick mark all the things you want to be able to search for from the search box . applications like evernote , dropbox , catch , meridian , colordict and many others which are compatible and you have installed should be listed . you can pick and choose whichever options suit you .
the " google search widget " , which is different then the " search widget " will search contacts , apps , web and i think other things if the app " plugs in " to the search framework . i am not sure if it does calendar events though . but according to the screenshot in the market , it will .
that is not possible on stock roms . and it is not possible on other roms either when you want google apps . as long as google apps are installed ( and a network connection is available ) , they will update automatically .
it seems error 923 is related to the whole process of downloading , cache , storage , installation , etc . people get it most often in google play , but sometimes also outside of that . most suggestions how to fix this come down to : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running > stop all ( google related ) running services Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google Play Store > clear data and clear cache reboot phone , all should be fine now found quite some useful answers on the internet outside of stackexchange ( it exists ! ) , so answered my own question already . suggestions/additions always welcomed . ; )
i found this error occurs for me when i " push " from the website of google play store to the phone . i always attribute it to the fact that my wireless is not constantly on to the phone ; it restores connection after returning from sleep . when i wake the phone after the push , i will find the error , and the relevant app page in google play store live , on the phone , ready to attempt the install again . pressing the install button again is successful .
busybox for rooted devices gives many of linux 's standard utilities . in terms of a real linux distro , there are tons of how-tos found on the web with a simple google search . specifically , here is a step-by-step guide from xda-developers forum on building a debian image for , and installing it on , the galaxy tab 10.1 tablet .
although i did not understand your issue at all , i think this app ( roaming control trial - insadco gmbh ) would help you in some way . it is trial , but if it functions on your tests , you can buy it - it will cost less than that small fortune . . . with that , i think you will not create the priority list of network data connection , but you can simply reject all data from the swiss carriers . . .
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
if you stop syncing facebook with your phone book , that option will disappear . i realize this is not an answer to your question about customizing the pop-up but it may just serve your needs until a more skilled android ninja happens upon this question .
what phone make and model do you have ? what version of android ? what are you doing to add the shortcut for the contact ? if i go to add a shortcut after long clicking on the homescreen i get an option for " person " . then i choose the individual to make a shortcut for and i have the option of some things to add for that shortcut . if you choose contact card or quick contact you get a decent amount of options . contact card gives you everything for that contact . not as many options as you might want sure , but whatever you select from the contact card will use the phone default .
terminal emulator absolutely supports scripts* . do not believe the nay-sayers . you will need to learn bash shell scripting , if you are not already familiar with it . write a script and save it on your sd card . run it with " sh filename " from term . if you clarify what it is you want to " script " having to do with ssh , i can likely give you a better recommendation . * ( it is actually the android os that supports bash scripts , terminal emulator just grants you access to the android shell , therefore scripting is inherently possible )
if the simple ssh client is interesting to you , i made under android-ndk bionic library drobpear-ssh-client-only . ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/dropbear-ssh-only . tgz sourse and ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/ssh binary
use an ssh plugin for tasker ? do not need root or ssh binary then .
to call ssh from a script , all you need to do is set up ssh keys . there are a million how-tos on the web , but there is a page on the cyanogen wiki that might be more suited to android users . once you set up keys , your general ssh command would look something like this : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip you can put that in a script , run it , and you will be logged in to the remote machine . but here 's what i think you are wanting to do . to only execute a command on a remote computer , just add it in single quotes : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip ' command ' that executes the command on the remote machine without logging you in . you can run commands with options , pipes , redirects etc , but it is sometimes better to keep them simple . except for the delay , it looks the same as executing the command ( s ) locally and can be used the same . locale execute can be picky about what commands it will run . if it does not work , try putting it in a script and using locale execute to run the script . also , i have had problems with the ssh binary that is on the phone and found that moving it from /system/xbin and creating a link at /system/xbin/ssh to the better terminal emulator ssh binary is more reliable . the btep binary is in /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh
since my original question was about an ssh binary , and there is an answer for that , i will accept that answer . however , there is another way to do what i wanted to do , kinda , that might be interesting to someone some day . tasker + connectbot can be used to execute arbitrary remote ( or local , i guess , but locale execute is better for that ) commands on a schedule . step 1: set up your connection in connectbot . you can have duplicate connections in connectbot as long as they have different aliases . you have to rename one first ( away from user@host ) in order to create the second . long press and select " edit host " to perform these changes . you probably want to set up an ssh key without a password so that you can use this for automation . once the connection actually works , you can use " post-login automation " to add the remote commands you would like to run . make sure there is a blank line at the end so that enter is sent after your last command . use enter or ; to separate commands . i suggest using something like " echo hello " as a test until you are sure things are working , and " exit " at the end if you do not want to leave the connection open . test this in isolation . step 2: create a tasker task to call connectbot . create a new task in tasker . add an action . from misc , select " action intent " the fields are : action : android . intent . action . view cat : default data : ssh url , in the form of " ssh://user@host/#alias " ( without the quotes ) . the alias , user and host here must match the alias you set up in step 1 . target : activity click test . connectbot should open and your commands should execute on the remote host . step 3: use this task in tasker however you would normally .
i know it is an old thread but wanted to +1 the comment about btep i am also using btep 's ssh binary though i just call it from it is path instead of linking it /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh root@192.168.1.1 or generate a pair of keys and use public key authentication /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh -i /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh/id_rsa -l root 192.168.1.1 i use the above command from sl4a r4 in various scripts and it works fine : ) before i could do this i needed to chmod a+x /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh once this is done and you backup/restore btep with titaniumbackup the permissions are kept this means if you flash a new rom you can just restore the apps and all your scripts will work again
botbrew is a package manager for android , in the likes of okpg for bsd or more recently , like APT for debian . pretty nice . it does not have an ssh client as a package , but it does not look too hard to put in if you are used to building your own packages . and it could be useful as a toolchain for when you want to build other c/c++/etc binaries and libraries . so albeit this is not a direct answer , it may be useful for some people to know about .
install terminal emulator and quickssh . quickssh also includes dropbear . does not cost you money , which it should not because this is surpassingly simple and it is based on dropbear . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=berserker.android.apps.sshdroid find -name ssh user@host problem solved
andftp can connect over any port you configure so i am sure it could connect over ssh . but i am not sure how easy it is to script usage of it . i use the app myself all the time for my hosting server and it works great . not sure if you can ssh with terminal emulator , but you could try it too . i use that app frequently for doing things i am too lazy to do with adb .
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
i have dropbear starting on system boot . it is light and cheerful and happy . http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.com/2013/06/dropbear-ssh-server-on-android.html
i have successfully used botbrew basil experimental when running android 4.4 . botbrew basil experimental is based on apt-get so after installing apk and bootstraping i just did apt-get install dropbear in a root shell to install ssh client ( and server ) .
i just googled for " share my location android " , and the first hit looks pertinent : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.sylvek.sharemyposition
glympse is really good for this . basically , you set up a time-limited " glympse " of your location . you can then share that " glympse " via a number of channels , including sms . the recipient need not be a glympse user and can follow your progress on the glympse website . access is automatically revoked at the end of the time limit , thwarting your would-be stalkers . the usual caveats of it is only as accurate as the gps location reported by your device .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
the " hangouts " app on my ( stock android 4.4.2 ) phone does this , but in a fairly non-intuitive way : open hangouts either tap the + in the upper-right , or tap an existing hangout at the bottom , there is a text area that says " send hangouts message " . just to the right is a paper-clip icon ; tap that . that will reveal a menu with three choices ; the last choice is " location " . tap that . you will see a map labeled " share location " . ( i assume you can scroll the map around to adjust the location , but i have not tried that . ) to the right of the label is a little paper-airplane icon . tap that . you should see a ( rather large ) thumbnail of the map , superimposed over the hangouts text area ; the text area will have in it ( in faint type ) " location ready to send " . tap the paper-airplane icon .
the keymap file for cyanogen is in /system/usr/keylayout/qwerty.kl . all you have to do is find a way to change this file ( never forget backup ) . of course that requires your device to be rooted , you could easily do that using root explorer . android loads keymap configurations on boot , so any changes while the system is running need a restart . i am not sure how long press is mapped on this file , my search function does work long pressing the menu . i checked it out , and found these two lines : key 127 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED key 217 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED  check out if these lines matches yours in your file , and if not , change it to a similar way .
with buttonremapper you can remap certain keys , but long press is currently not supported . it might be implemented in the future though , i suggest you follow the topic : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464
cyanogenmod developers coined the term " kang " originally . it goes back to the beginnings of android development . it used to mean having one 's development work taken , manipulated , rebranded , and re-released by someone else with no credit to the original developer . later this term morphed into having a less malicious meaning , and stands for the process of creating a code based of someone else 's code or reapplying code that someone else created into your own code . a " kang " therefore is a derivative work , based on the original with some modifications . it usually means an unauthorized version of a custom rom .
the new uhs-i card your phone comes with a microsdhc form factor , and according to scandisk , their cards are compatible : sandisk ultra® microsdxc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb , 32gb , 64gb performance/speed : up to 30mb/s read speed ; write speed lower compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc [ or microsdxc ] supporting host devices sandisk extreme pro® microsdhc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb performance/speed : up to 95 mb/s ( 633x ) read speed ; write speed up to 90 mb/s ( 600x ) compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc supporting host devices since the form factor remains the same , there is no problem here . your device your device , while capable of reading , will be unable to take advantages over this new card speeds . mainly because this technology is new and the os simple was not prepared for it . on a personal note : do not spend your money with this card on that specific phone . you will have no gain from it .
will those cards work with my device ? yes , i believe sdhc uhs-i ( ultra high speed ) cards are backwards compatible and will " work " in an sdhc only device ( that the motorola milestone appears to be ) . do they need any special support from the os ? yes , in order to operate at the advertised higher speeds . " use of uhs requires that the host device command the card to drop from 3.3-volt to 1.8-volt operation and select the 4-bit transfer mode . " wikipedia - secure digital will i benefit from extra speed ? no , it will work like an ordinary sdhc class 10 card .
wvm is a video file that has been encrypted using the widevine ( now google ) drm platform . the first 10 seconds are not encrypted , that is why you can see it in vlc .
wmv stands for windows media video -- so what you have found very likely is a video-file with subtitles . it could be a demo video shipped together with the application in whichs directory it resides ( google play movies and tv ) . i would say it should be safe to delete it -- but i would first try doing so via the app itself to be sure ( there you also could first play it to see what it is about -- plus deleting it from there would ensure all connected data is removed as well ) . in the worst case , you may need to re-install the app .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
a wvm file is not the same as a wmv , the wvm is a video downloaded from google play movies and is a type of mpeg-4 video file . it is currently unable to be opened by anything other than the google play movies app because of the drm properties surrounding the file .
wmv and wvm not same . if you download some film in the android market inside this film format wvm . if you want to check you can . this file inside ( storage - sdcard0 - android - data - com . google . android . videos - files - movies -yi5zzw43oubnbwfpbc5jb20 ) all this film this folder inside . you can delete if you want .
i do not know of a user interface in android to enumerate the radio frequencies that the device handles . however , to give you the direct answer you were looking for , the padfone x lacks umts 1700/2100 , which is different from the lte 1700/2100 that it supports .
by default the contacts you see on the web are your most used contacts . you have to choose all contacts to see everyone .
is your phone configured to sync contacts with your google account ? to verify this go to settings --> accounts and sync , tab on your account and verify that the sync contacts option is checked . if this option is checked then the contacts are synced to your account but you are probably using a configuration in your gmail web account that only shows you the most used contacts instead of all contacts .
your network provider may provide a " last number redial/called " or " call alert " service . this is usually a number that you call that will tell you the phone number of the last incoming call to your phone , or can often be implemented as a service that you can turn on and off ( again , usually by calling a number or issuing a ussd code ) which will inform you in some way ( usually by text message ) of missed calls . for example , in the uk , o2 used to have a number , 1471 , that you could call to hear an automated voice message telling you the number of the last person that called your phone . unfortunately , they have withdrawn that service however , they have replaced it with a free " call alert " text message service . note that there is no universal mechanism to retrieve the number of the last person that called you , if you no longer have ( or never had ) that information saved within your phones own call log . each of these services is specific to your mobile network provider who may or may not even offer such a thing . if the last number that called you is truly missing from your phones own call log , you may try to get in contact with your network provider to see if they offer a service as described here . also note , though , that even if they do offer such a service , it'll usually only retain the very last number that called , so if someone else calls you in the meantime , the number that you are seeking will probably be lost .
xperia mini pro has led light that blinks in different colors . this led blinks in regular intervals till you see your notification area . this led blinks for mails , messages , missed calls , etc . i guess by default it works . there is no need to enable it manually . coming to sound alert there is an application notification plus which does this job .
the two more popular sms apps in the market - handcent sms and gosms have options that allow you to set reminder tones and led flashing to alert a user to unseen messages . lots of configurable options in both apps .
this small app may be what you wanted : https://market.android.com/details?id=os.checknew
there are no ps2 emulators for android yet , but there is a rumor on pcsx2 possibly being ported to android sometime in the future . as of now , most devices do not have the desired computing power for ps2 emulation , but in the future they most likely will .
you can also try mounting the sd card from recovery mode . select mount usb storage .
easiest way i know , a little late , but if you are stilll wondering . when you plug in your phone to the computer , it comes up under drive h , i believe , and then a secondary drive opens . also on my windows computer it is under drive j , and that there is your sd card .
i do not know why upgrading to ics would make a difference to mounting your ext sd card if you could connect before , but you might want to doublecheck that your ubuntu system 's udev config is correct : doublecheck that the vendor id for your galaxy is 04e8 using sudo lsusb ; you should see a line something like Bus 002 Device 010: ID 04e8:0c02 Samsung Corp using your favourite editor as root edit ( or create ) "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666" make sure the perms are right for the file you just edited : sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules restart the usb subsystem : sudo restart udev connect your galaxy and see if your sd card shows up now
there is no problem with ubuntu , problem is most probably in your phone settings or your phone system . it would be very helpful to know from which source did you get your upgrade , was it official update from your phone provider or something found on the net ? according to your picture you have 12gb of internal storage and 16gb sd card inserted in your phone . numbers you see are the result of conversion of 16.000.000.000 bytes ( which is 16gb as memory or hdd manufacturers think ) into the gigabytes , each containing 1024*1024*1024 = 1073741824 bytes . if you divide the 16.000.000.000 by 1024*1024*1024 you will get your 14.9gb or something . grayed out " mount sd card " under usb storage possibly represents the external usb storage you might insert into the usb port of your phone . there is no reason to click on it , unless you have the external usb storage plugged in . and even then , i am not sure if this is actually supported on sgs2 . missing from your screen grabs , there supposed to be a " menu " option below the " storage " page , usually represented as three dots aligned one above the other . if you click on this " menu " , you will most probably be shown " usb computer connection " submenu or something similar . once you get there , you may change how your phone represents the memory you have to the computer . if you make a screen grab of that screen , i could tell you which option to select . as a side note , it is not a very good idea to remove/insert sd card without unmounting it first . please , next time you remove sd card from your phone , power the phone off or issue " unmount sd card " from the " storage " screen you have shown in the question . if you could not find " usb computer connection " submenu on the storage screen , you may try this approach to make usb mass storage to work on your device : open settings , then click more… ( under wireless and network ) . select usb utilities / set usb cable connection mode . select " connect storage to pc " . connect usb cable from phone to pc . click " turn on usb storage " . also , you might need to turn off " usb debug " before trying this .
i have tried connecting the galaxy note with a sd to my ubuntu installation ( 11.04 ) and it recognizes both . make sure you have usb debugging enabled .
on my samsung galaxy s ii model gt-i9100 , i have to do the following to enable mounting on linux : go to settings &rarr ; storage click the menu button go to " usb computer connection " click anything other than " mass storage " click " mass storage " this brings up the old familiar " usb mass storage " screen with a big friendly " turn on usb storage " button . on arch i also had to install the fuse-exfat package .
the solution was to wipe and reflash the rom . i guess the earlier rom i had was just messed up as far as usb is concerned .
same idea as roxan : go to the market ( oops , playstore ) and look for an app named pocket ( formerly known as " readitlater" ) . this allows you to store urls from many apps via the share menu to your free pocket account . as for your pc , there is e.g. a firefox addon available ( for alternative choices , see the pocket website . this is much more convenient than sharing via bluetooth .
first use a browser that can download the current page/html file . then using a file manager of your choice , use the " share " option and it should send the html file .
i believe this is a galaxy s/tab specific issue . i and many others cannot get skype to work on our galaxy s devices , and the tab is very similar .
what is odd is that there seem to be three different skype apps for android , but most people can only see one or the other available . there is skype available in the market and currently at v1.0.0.659 . this lists : skype-to-skype calls over 3g or wifi data plan or wifi connection required ( calling in u . s - wifi only ) then there is skype mobile for verizon , which i think is at v1.5.0.16 . this one says this but does not mention wifi in its description currently : unlimited skype-to-skype calls and instant messaging without using your plan minutes finally the 3 network in the uk have a special version of the skype app where you are never charged for skype calls over their network , get that here ( only works if you are on the 3 network ) . it looks like the market must be doing a check on your country ( or maybe which phone network your device is locked to ? ) to decide which to give you , and so which restrictions to apply to you . it looks like your device is only offering you skype mobile , and not skype . gotta love how the phone companies are desperately trying to keep themselves relevant in the face of customers who really would rather do things another way !
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
the samsung galaxy s series phones have a 6-axis accelerometer , which is not a true gyroscope although a good approximation . hopefully it is actually a true gyroscope in the nexus s . motorola 's next big phone is rumored to have a gyroscope , but who knows . i do not believe any other android phones have a gyroscope , but the iphone 4 does .
most android phones from the original g1 upwards have an accelerometer ( often called the g-sensor in htc phones ) and compass inbuilt which performs the same job . there is very little you had get from a true gyroscope that these do not offer you .
after a little search i have found the following android devices with built in gyroscope : htc sensation samsung google nexus s samsung galaxy s2 samsung galaxy r lg electronics p990 optimus speed can not say anything about whether they have a true gyroscope or not
what you can do is use both dropbox and a lan syncing tool like unison . i could not find any lan syncing tool for android but if you mount your device in mass storage mode , running unison purely on your pc should yield acceptable performance . it may also be possible to compile unison on android ( it works on gnu/linux ) , but that would be fairly difficult .
in the latest version of dropbox ( 2.1.1 ) there is an option to have your photos automatically uploaded , " camera upload " in dropbox settings . that has a option which lets you specify whether to upload over cellular data or wait for a wifi connection . other than camera upload , dropbox has not yet enabled syncing for other folders or items between dropbox/pc and a phone .
it is possible that due to it being in your gmail , and your account being set up on the phone , that when you try to delete it , gmail resyncs it to your device . so my advice would be to log into gmail . com and remove the email from there , making sure you remove it from trash as well . then attempt to remove the picture from your gallery .
i am such an idiot . a picture is worth a thousand words : when i bought my device , about a year ago , i turned on the feature " sim change alert - send sms when sim card is changed " . i completely forgot about it later , and it only came back to me today . of course the recipients i defined were my own number and my wife 's . the lead i followed was @roxan 's comment , which raised the suspicion about the mobile tracker app . a google search led me to this forum post that describes this security feature , and when i read it i recalled that i turned it on . despite this incident , i actually still think this is an excellent feature that can really help in case my device will be stolen , but i just have to remember to turn it off before i change the sim card myself . . .
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
at firefox android add-ons , there is a recent add-on that is just what you want : mobile image blocker v1.0 speed up browsing on mobile connections and use less data by blocking all images . working on images defined in html , css and javascript .
opera mini / opera mobile are two recommended options for saving money on data charges : opera 's mobile browsers are the smart choice for browsing on expensive wireless data plans . using opera mini or opera mobile to browse the web with your mobile phone can save you money on your phone bills , by reducing your data usage substantially . opera mini uses only a tenth of the bandwidth of other browsers , compressing webpages by up to 90% . with opera mobile , turning on opera turbo compresses data by up to 80% , or leave opera turbo off to get full website data , as you would on a pc . additionaly , of course , they allow to turn off images via settings . you can download them from http://www.opera.com/mobile/download/ http://m.opera.com
there are such solutions , if your device is rooted . in that case , some anti-theft apps such as cerberus are able to integrate into the system part ( rom ) of the device , so a factory-reset would not help the thief . however : as we are talking about the " clever thief " , he will first grab the device , switch it off , take it into some faraday cage before switching it on again , then boot into recovery/download mode , and flash a new rom . bummer . protection gone . so there is no 100% protection . technically , it might be possible if it is integrated into the hardware itself – but i have never heard that such a thing was done for a consumer smartphone .
abruptly forcing your phone to shut-down ( holding power button until forced shut-down , pulling battery , etc . ) can cause a corrupt sd card on any device if it is currently reading/writing to the sd card . it is known that some samsung devices try to read the sd card during some random times such as when the phone is starting up . also running applications that are saved to the sd card and forcing a shutdown is asking for trouble . i would always recommend shutting the phone down properly whenever possible to minimize these issues .
to anyone still reading this . there is an app on play ( galaxy charging current lite ) that shows the charging current while charging . uppon reaserching i find out that the phone software limits charging current . the default current for ac charging is set to 800ma , for usb charging to 480ma . but if you are rooted , you can apply new kernel ( mine is agni purecm kernel ) and you can change that up to ac : 1500ma , usb : 1000ma . but you must have ac charger that can produce that current . original samsung is 1000ma .
look into the usb battery charge spec 2.0 for cdp . a simple accessory to test with is an evaluated kit for the tps2546 . available from digikey for about $25 . note i believe my siii recently stopped supporting cdp after a vzw update . . .
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
in the contacts app , press menu , then there should be some sort of option for display - this lets you change which contacts are displayed . at the minute you are probably just displaying your gmail contacts , but you should see the setting in there to display sim contacts . my advice would be to copy them to gmail , you should find some sort of export/import tool in your contacts app too - just export all contacts from your sim to a file on your phone , then import that file and select your gmail contact book , that means your contacts will always be available
use titanium backup ( in the market ) to uninstall system apps -- it handles everything nicely .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
it looks like you need to re-add the twitter . apk , update , then remove it again . have you tried that ? the patch itself is trying to find that apk for the update ( not sure if you can change the patch since it is probably signed ? ) .
implayer+ handles this funtionality . it has a healthy number of downloads and should work .
i want to know if 4.1 is set-up to use push notifications efficiently with regards to battery drain well the short answer is yes , but this sounds like a misguided question . push notifications have been around for a lot longer than 4.1 and to my knowledge there are not any major " efficiencies " that were added to the android os after 4.1 to improve handling push notifications . for push notifications to work , you need 4 components : ( 1 ) an app server that is processing data for you in the cloud and wants to inform you about an event ( for ex : twitter/facebook servers ) ( 2 ) a push notification server that can receive requests from ( 1 ) , figure out who its intended for , and dispatch a push to the right user/device combination ( ex : google cloud messaging server ) ( 3 ) a counterpart android app/service that is always running in the background and has a persistent ( always-on ) connection to ( 2 ) so it may receive the push , figure out which app it is intended for , wake up that app and send it the small push data ( ex : google play store native app ) ( 4 ) an android app that can receive this local data from ( 3 ) and figure out how best to inform the user about this push notification ( typically by putting up a notification indicator in the status bar ) ( ex : twitter android app ) . this is what the end user thinks of as a push notification . not all push notifications needs to show themselves in the status/notification bar though , they are sent silently by ( 3 ) and it is up to ( 4 ) to determine if a notification should be shown to the user ideally , even with push notifications setting turned on , ( 4 ) is not awake . it'll be awakened by ( 3 ) when ( 3 ) receives the push from ( 2 ) . google provides the gcm framework that provides ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) . so provided your apps are using gcm ( or other equivalent services like urbanairship , xtify etc ) , any excessive battery drain you might notice is the fault of ( 1 ) or ( 4 ) , both of which are the fault of the app developer . ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) maybe combined , as can ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) . so if the apps you are installing have their own push service , that is still an issue with their code , not your device or the os . additional reading : google cloud messaging architecture
push notifications are designed to be the solution to battery draining apps that constantly monitor for data that has changed locally or on a server . because of this they are very battery efficient . my phone typically will get 20 notifications in a few hours with less than 1% total battery use . if your having huge battery drain problems , your phone is probably not sleeping properly which is usually due to an app that is preventing the phone from sleeping . i might be able to help you resolve this with some more information , such as phone , android version ( or rom if your rooted ) and a screenshot of your battery screen after your phone has been running for a few hours . i will update my answer accordingly .
you can install the app whatsapp chat heads i am not sure if it runs on nexus 5 , or that it shows chat-heads or just the name of the chat .
since your nokia x does not have access to the google play store , you will need to download and install whatsapp manually . enable side-loading of apps on your nokia x by navigating to settings -> security and enable the Unknown Sources option . download the watsapp apk directly from their site to your computer . transfer the apk file you downloaded onto your nokia x by connecting it via usb cable and using a file manager , send it via bluetooth , or copy it to an microsd card and insert it into the phone . run the pre-installed astro file manager and locate the file using the search option . tap the file to run it , which will start the installation process . follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation . important step : modify your phone’s date to ( or just prior ) 2nd of august of 2014 ( don’t worry you will change it back to the preset date afterwards . ) launch whatsapp like any other installed app on your nokia x phone , and complete the initial set-up . at this point you will most likely get a message saying that this application is " not supported " on your phone . exit whatsapp when it says that your device is not supported back to the homescreen . uninstall the official whatsapp application by long-tapping on the whatsapp icon and tapping on the red cross . now download whatsapp plus from here and install it using the same method as the official app ( steps 3 through 6 of this guide . ) open whatsapp plus app and go through configuration steps . make sure to use the same phone number as you used in the original whatsapp , otherwise it will not work . you can now revert the system 's date back to the present date and still enjoy whatsapp . you can now use whatsapp plus to connect to your whatsapp contacts . sources : 1 , 2 .
yes , a " regular " set of headphones will work just fine , in much the same way that a single-channel earphone works in a stereo headphone jack . the other bits are for the microphone and the controls , but since your headphones will not have those it will not matter . i have had occasion to use 1st generation ipod earbuds as well as some generic earbuds in my galaxy nexus . my daughter uses a pair of headphones i had lying around ( that are probably ten years old ) in her phone when she is at home listening to music . at worst you may find a channel does not work ( no sound in one ear ) but you do not need to worry about shorting out or damaging anything . wikipedia has more information than you could possibly want to know about 3.5mm connectors .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
not exactly a solution , but this seems to be part of the problem : launch camera directly from lock screen time is often of the essence when trying to capture the perfect picture . the galaxy s5 lets you bypass the lock screen to snap a picture . simply swipe the camera icon up ( in the lower right hand corner ) and you’ll launch directly into the camera app ! if this feature isn’t turned on you can do so by : go to settings > lock screen check “camera shortcut” you’re done ! even if you have a pattern or password lock set up this will let you take pictures without unlocking your phone . how this is being enabled is anyones guess .
google contacts is your best option . it will merge contacts with different names if things like their email addresses are the same . also , if for some reason , it does not detect the contacts that should be merged , you can select multiple contacts manually and click on Merge Contacts from the more actions menu .
use latest version of myphoneexplorer ( www.fjsoft.at ) . it is compatible with nearly any android phone . connect your phone with bluetooth or usb to pc . sync your contacts with the software , then you are able to easily merge your contacts by selecting some of them and right-click -> merge contacts . note , this requires installation of a client on your windows desktop ( no mac or linux available )
you can use adb and run logcat by typing the command adb logcat &gt; logcat.log . alternatively you can use an app like alogcat . that will give show you your systems logs but then you will have to figure out what it all means . i have to agree with matthew reads comment that it is probably related to cm but there are so many moving parts and different factors it is hard to say . unfortunately diagnosing through trial and error will require you removing cm to see if it was the cause . i would recommend removing adfree and seeing if you still have crashes because it could be caused by that . if i were an app dev that relied on ads to fund my company i would probably make the free flow of ads in my app a requirement for my app to run properly . also , i doubt it is launcher pro .
i think it is probably best to do a factory reset and see if that helps . however you could try going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile Networks and experimenting . i recommend shutting off roaming and making sure network mode is on auto .
download the latest cwm recovery available for your phone from here , put it in the root of your sd card , reboot into recovery ( power off and press and hold some key combo , that depends on your phone ; google for instructions ) and flash it . you can also try twrp , another popular custom recovery . let me know if you need any clarification !
i do not think you can calibrate the gps in any device . to calibrate the compass , in every device mobile device i have seen , you just need to draw 8 's in the air with the device and turn it up and down few times . but this calibration does not last very long , i guess depending on the device .
have you tried mailchimp ? i think it works even offline in ios and android phones .
if there is an update available for your android phone in android you go to settings -> about phone -> system updates good luck !
several , i am sure . there is the simple airplane mode widget for one . then there is the way more complicated , but way more powerful tasker for another ( since it is capable of creating widgets to execute any of the tasks you define ) . oh , wait , the title said widget , but the question says status bar . on my s3 ( also on 4.1.1 ) , i can pull down the notifications , slide the power switches to the left a little bit , and there is the switch for airplane mode . does that work on yours ? if you have not got the airplane mode switch in your status bar , then the easiest solution would probably be swipepad with a shortcut ( not widget ) to toggle airplane mode . this is the combination i use to turn on my led flashlight ( with teslaled ) . the reason you want a shortcut instead of a widget is because it saves you steps . if airplane mode switch does indeed use a shortcut instead of a widget , then you are golden without having spent a dime . if it does not , then you can still buy the widgetpad add on for swipepad and use a widget , or buy tasker and use it to create a shortcut which toggles airplane mode .
one of the features of battery widget reborn ' s notification is buttons to toggle wifi , bluetooth , sync , mobile data , and airplane mode . i got it for the battery usage analysis , but this extra feature is a really nice touch . now i only need pull down my notification shade to access these important toggles . ( although , yes , with the new settings panel in jelly bean i do not really need it . it is a couple less taps . )
the whatsapp faq has instructions that should help you : to delete a single message from a conversation open whatsapp and go to the chat window with the message you want to delete . highlight the message . press the ' del ' key on your keyboard . to delete an individual or group chat in the chats screen , highlight the chat you wish to delete . press the button and select delete chat or delete and exit group . to delete your entire chat history and remove yourself from all groups go to whatsapp > settings . scroll to the bottom and select advanced settings . press the button and select delete chat history . note : using delete chat history will delete all chats from the chats screen , as well as remove yourself from all groups . to delete all messages in a conversation without closing the chat window or leaving the group open the chat . press the button and select clear conversation . to clear all chat history , but continue to participate in groups go to whatsapp > settings . scroll to the bottom and select advanced settings . press the button and select clear all chats . note : using clear all chats will not remove you from any groups .
i have used nitrodesk 's touchdown for that . it does the full exchange experience . not free , but not too horrible . i really liked it -- but ultimately uninstalled it as my current android phone is a little gimpy on processor power . . .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
the headphone jack of many android devices will accept audio input . a few caveats : audio input using this method is mono only . this will vary by device as some may not accept audio input , and others simply do not have headphone jacks . if a particular device came with a headset with a built-in mic , odds are it will accept audio input . this method does not support the use of an external mic while recording video . you will need to use a special adapter that will split the input/output of the jack . something like this or the adapter mentioned here would probably work . it seems like audio input through usb would be possible , but this feature request suggests it is not yet implemented .
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
check the app drawer again -- it is listed ( alphabetically ) under " voice " , not " google voice " .
amazon confirms kindle fire hd models use android 4.0 under the hood .
by this comparison between kindle fire hd 7" and nexus 7 done by cnet , it uses a custom android 4.0 version . scroll down to the comparison table to see it from the official product page , there is no corroborating information about it .
amazon confirms ics is running the kindle fire hd . for more infos follow this blogpost
my sgs2 has a scratch . normal use , probably my keys did it , i assumed the gorilla glass would be safe , but was sorely disappointed ! wish i would shelled out for protection !
the s2 has samsung 's toughened gorilla glass screen , see the videos in this answer to a previous question for attempts to scratch the gorilla glass on an original galaxy s : looking for a robust android smartphone i can say that i have had an original galaxy s for over a year now , and regularly keep it in a trouser pocket with my house keys , have dropped it a few times , and other slight accidents , and while the back and sides of the cover have scratches and chips on them the screen is still absolutely unmarked . however what you might want to consider is the fact that the camera lens on the back apparently is not gorilla glass , see this question is samsung galaxy s ii rear camera gorilla glass too ?
just got mine a few weeks ago . i do not think you will need a screen protector but at the same time if you put your phone in the same pocket as your keys or even spare change , you are asking for trouble
it is very tough but not magic , i do have a very tiny scratch on mine i have no idea how it got there . the only way to scratch something is with a substance that is harder than it is , the mohs scale is used to show the hardness of materials . i have read that non-oxidized aluminum according to the mohs hardness scale has a hardness of 2.75 , gorilla glass is estimated to be about 7.5 but aluminum oxide , aluminum will get a coating it is like rust on iron but this is aluminum , the aluminum oxide has a hardness of 9 . aluminum oxide is better known as corundum mohs 9 but high quality versions are called ruby and sapphire . so if you have old oxidized aluminum car or house keys maybe some coins or whatever they will probably scratch a gorilla glass screen since they are harder than it .
seems i just needed to wait a little longer for the " copying . . . " dialog to pop up again . windows is weird sometimes .
it depends on your needs : do you want to conserve battery ? then underclock the cpu do you want better performance ? then overclock the cpu typically there are different kernels that you can flash for your device . different kernels offer different clockspeeds . some of them will also under volt your phone to consume less power . the disadvantage of undervolting is that the phone may not be able to run faster clockspeeds . additionally , your phone may not overclock to the same speed as another phone due to one processor being physically different than another processor ( no two processors are made 100% exactly alike . when overclocking you are stepping beyond the bounds and specifications that your phone was designed to run at ) . what will happen is your phone will enter a boot loop if it is unable to run the kernel at a specific speed ( you will have to flash a new kernel or revert to a previous nandroid backup ) . i do not know of specific kernels for the g1 , but for example there is a set of kernels by chevyno1 for the droid1 . the general steps are : run a nandroid backup choose a voltage : ultra low , low , or normal start with the kernel with the lowest overclocked speed flash that kernel . use setcpu to set the clock speed to the max . if the phone remains stable , then choose the next kernel with the same voltage with a slightly faster clockspeed and try to run it at its max speed . if the phone does not remain stable , then revert to your last nandroid backup or the last kernel that ran stable on your phone
i on battery mine is unstable at 633 mhz on froyo by laszlo kernel , but on charger it works . using 595 is stable , you can set it in performance settings , you do not need app with this kernel . i set minimal on min 122 . as i know this msm7201a has 2 cpus , not changing frequency , but rather switch between cores . ( found this information on wikipedia ) i have this old telephone and found it a bit hard to operate sometimes , but its still powerful enough to run most applications needed , and with those applications on sd ext i can perform almost anything , but the battery life is a bit small . but lets say its first android telephone ( 2008 ) , full qwerty and lot of fun making it operate .
i personally used missing sync , it is quite a good app for mac http://www.markspace.com/products/android/missing-sync-android.html
okay , i am admittedly not an apple guy , but it looks like you might need a third-party solution . according to some comments i found here , non-support of birthdays is a known thorn . to get around it , the commenter used spanning sync but also mentioned syncman . spanning sync offers a 15-day trial , after which it costs $25 for a one-year subscription or a $65 one-time purchase . the commenter referenced above did mention that he chose this because birthdays were not being sync'd . syncman offers a 30-day trial , after which you can purchase it for $14.99 . on the support page it specifically mentions birthdays as one of the things it syncs that the native google sync in address book does not .
to get around this problem is very simple . do these actions : use your web browse on the android device and go to website "books.google.com/ebooks" pick and download any sample book ( click on get sample ) once you have saved a sample book you will be able to successfully launch the books application without the process error . good luck
i had the same problem , and fixed it by opening a preview of a different book first . after that , i could open the other books too . make sure you open it from within the play store app , and not from google books .
the solution is time ; an update to this app fixes this bug .
when you add your email account through the gmail app ( menu &rarr ; accounts &rarr ; add account ) , you will usually need to use your full email address for the " username " , rather than just your internal username . in addition , if your company uses single sign-on for google apps ( that is , if the login page for your business gmail is not on google . com and does not look like the gmail login page ) , you may need to set up a separate password for accessing gmail from a non-web interface . for this you will need to talk to your it department .
google apps has special setup ( expand the " hidden " section for android ) -- not hard at all , though . i have set it up in more than one app as i try them out : to configure the ' email ' app on an android device for access to google apps email , just follow the steps below : enable imap in your mail settings . on your phone , press &lt ; home > , then open the email application . on the ' your accounts ' page , select next to get started with setup . enter your full google apps email address and password , then select next . select imap account and then select next . on the ' incoming server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' username , ' enter your full google apps email address for ' imap server , ' enter 'imap.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '993' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next . on the ' outgoing server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' smtp server ' enter 'smtp.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '465' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next and continue through the setup options .
try opening the gmail app , then hit menu and click " accounts " . try to add your account this way . if that does not work then you will need to use the mail app and add the account as pop or imap .
you should be able to add your business email ( and calendar ) as an additional google account ( i have with mine ) - obviously making sure you enter your full email address including your company domain . if this is not working then speak to your domain admin in case they have locked down mobile access somehow :o/
did you do a full wipe before installing DDMF1 ? if not , then there is your problem . you must always do a full wipe when you switch roms ! ( exceptions are when you switch a cyanogenmod-based rom to another cyanogenmod-based rom )
go into your wifi list and forget all of your remembered networks , then reconfigure them .
my tablet does this too , it shows perfect wifi connection but apps do not connect . i read in another forum that the date/time gets reset somehow , nobody can figure out how or why and samsung is oblivious , but . . . go in and set your date/time to the correct one and voila , it connects ! it will reset again eventually and you will have to go in and do it again but it works . i was shocked to see when i read that , that the setting was in fact at january 2012 , but i did it and it worked . i also read about seeing the severity from the wpa to a . . something , ( aep ? ) i am not really familiar with security settings , and i could not find where to do it , but many people said that it corrected the problem for them . lastly , the kies has also worked for some , i guess turning it on with wifi makes it connect . i have only tried the date/time setting , but they may all be connected somehow .
goto wifi settings . click on the accesspoint and remove the password and put the password again . if still doesnt work then follow the steps : type *#*#4636#*#* ( *#*#info#*#* ) click on wifi-info > wifi-api then disconnect > disablenetwork -> enablenetwork and you are good to go
you can try changing your wifi network settings from dhcp to static and a little tweaking of dns server addresses should work . refer this link for complete solution .
have you tried your wi-fi on any other device ? it could be possible that it is connecting as a remote hard drive .
i also experienced same problem with my samsung advance for couple of days . i rebooted my phone , reset the factory settings , removed the battery/sim , turned on/off the static ip option , but it did not work . last thing i did was : i clicked the kies air , and clicked wi-fi . after a few moments , i got a signal to our company wi-fi . try this option , and hope it will work out .
try to update your cellphone date and time . . . ^_^
i had a similar problem , after a lot of struggle finally found out the issue was with the security type , changed the router`s security type from wpa2 to wep128 bits , and it worked fine : )
my father 's galaxy s advance suddenly lost it is wifi connectivity one day . i tried the code *#*#4636#*#* and tried to update the wifi connection by disabling and enabling it , but that did not work for me . then i came across this blog post which worked : turn off wifi turn on the static ip option ( you can find this in " advanced settings" ) turn on wifi turn off the static ip option - make sure to tap the screen to get the " save " option for this . your device should establish a connection
to my knowledge , an app has to register for that -- so it is not simply a question of configuration . you might want to try some other apps which are able to handle kml files , e.g. locus maps . if it registers itself for this file type , it then should appear in the selection , and you can make it the default app . as it turned out , this was exactly what happened with maps with me , so that is one candidate working for kml files .
generally , apps register for a mime type , not necessarily for a particular extension . if the email has the attachment marked as the wrong mime type , then android will show apps that handle the mime type that the email claims it is . perhaps the sender of this attachment needs to configure his email client to report the right mime type for the file . as a workaround , you could try saving/downloading the attachment to your phone and then opening it directly : that way , the phone will detect what type it is instead of trusting the email 's claim .
/etc/hosts is in this context is really only good for blacklisting . for whitelisting , you had be best off using a proxy server and then setting your device to use it in your device 's network settings . you can subscribe to an existing proxy server service , or set up your own at home . that should be enough info to get you googling to the answers you need . i have added a little more detail to this answer on your original thread . fyi , using a proxy server does not require rooting .
the hosts file acts sort of like a local dns , it will check the hosts file for the domain and see if there is an assigned ip address in it . if there is , that is the ip address used for the domain . you can not set a white list , but you could do more of a black list . the file looks something like this : somebaddomain . com 127.0.0.1 someotherdomain . com 127.0.0.1 this would make any request to either of those domains resolve to localhost . if the domain is not in the file , it will then hit the external dns to attempt to get the ip address . there is a catch to this , you will need root to modify the hosts file .
/etc/hosts does not allow wildcards ( see here : http://serverfault.com/questions/118378/in-my-etc-hosts-file-on-linux-osx-how-do-i-do-a-wildcard-subdomain ) . two more links about /etc/hosts : howto configure your hosts file : http://www.linuxhomenetworking.com/wiki/index.php/quick_howto_: ch03 :_linux_networking#configuring_your_ . 2fetc . 2fhosts_file large example file with nice intro header : http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/ small android app that allows you to add an entry to the hosts file ( requires root ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pof.add2hosts
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
you just got case of failed update . try to have look at this article and see if you can get it sorted
if you use easytether , you can always have it enabled on your device and simply right click the icon in the tray ( windows ) or enable it via terminal ( linux ) and be on your way . not quite ' default ' but one click is pretty good . and easytether uses nothing when you are not attached to a computer , so no wasted battery or processing . it does display a notification icon to be persistent ( not be killed ) , but you might be able to turn it off . as far as it knowing , you have to have the client installed , so any computer you hook it to that did not both have the client and have you enable it computer-side would do nothing . hope that helps !
yes - there is a setting you need to change . the notification bar 's actions are based on what you have gmail set up to do when swiping away an email within the app . to change it from Archive: open Gmail and go to Settings there change the Swiping conversation list from Archive/unlabel/delete to Always delete this changed my notification bar action from Archive to Delete
happy to help . here 's a link to a solution that worked . notable is the fact that this works for at least two devices that i have troubleshooted , so there is a high probability that this will work for you . while i did not have the liberty of connecting my device ( a galaxy nexus gsm ) in the usb mode , i did see all my files in the mtp mode after doing everything exactly as it is detailed . all the best !
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
i managed to find the answer , although i do not really understand why or how . if anyone can add on to why working directory matters , i will greatly appreciate it . in my c program , i have to do a chdir ( ) to /data/misc/wifi , then do the execvp ( ) . where wpaparmlist is the args to wpa_supplicant . thanks for your help ce4 !
afaik , these are sensors which android supports : - accelerometer measures amount of acceleration which the gravity applies to the device , in 3 dimension . therefore , the device can detect exactly in which position against the earth it is . its usefulness is very wide , but mostly in games . almost all of android phones have this sensor . - gyro this one is very related to accelerometer and according to wikipedia : " the integration of the gyroscope has allowed for more accurate recognition of movement within a 3d space than the previous lone accelerometer within a number of smartphones . gyroscopes in consumer electronics are usually called accelerometers ( acceleration sensors ) and come in 3-axis , 6-axis , etc . " not all of android phones have this sensor , but most of newer ones have . full list of android phones with gyro sensor - compass this one almost works like a normal real compass , but very very tiny ! it allows device to detect in which position it is against the poles of earth . so , apps using this sensor can show you the angle which you have hold the phone comparing to the north , south , east or west . it is main usage is in apps to find your way , in companion with gps , or for example finding qibla for muslims , or any other interested direction which you may need . list of android phones with compass - orientation i think this one is not a real sensor , but a side usage of accelerometer . orientation detection is most used for android ui and most apps to detect portrait or landscape position of the phone , to rotate the ui accordingly . almost all of android phones have this feature . - pressure ( barometer ) this one is relatively a new sensor , which detects pressure of air in area which device is in , just like a barometer . it is main usage is to detect altitude of current location of device from sea level . this helps gps to be faster and more accurate because one of 3 main values ( latitude , longitude , and altitude ) that are detected by gps , can be faster detected by barometer . so , gps would work faster in companion with barometer sensor . list of android phones with barometer sensor - proximity this sensor is mostly located beside earphone in top of front face of the phone . it can be seen easily if you put the phone under bright light ( unlike above sensors which are inside the phone and not visible ) . its main usage is to turn-off screen , when you are calling and phone is near your head . android turns off the screen , so it prevents accidental touch of screen when you are not supposed to , and also , it reduces battery consumption in calls . some apps also use this sensor to control phone by your hand gestures , because this sensor has 2 state , on and off . on for when something is near it ( about 1 cm ) and off for when nothing is near . most android phones have this sensor . list of android phones with proximity sensor - ambient light this sensor , as obvious from its name , measures ambient light in environment where the phone is in . its value is a number between 0 . . 255 ( darkest to brightest ) and is mainly used by android internal system to automatically adjust brightness of screen to be properly readable under bright light of the sun , and also in a dark room . not all android phones have this sensor , and no usage except adjustment of screen brightness can be considered for it . i could not find a list of phones with this sensor , but almost all if high-end android phones have this sensor . its favorite location to sit down in your phone , if ever exist , is near earphone at top of front panel , and looks like a tiny and dark front camera placeholder .
as far as i know " the requested item could not be found " status comes when the particular app/game is not compatible with your android mobile or its not there in market . i do not know if there are any other scenarios the same will occur .
you can test that the triggers work like they should with dock simulator ( market link ) . run it and try " car dock " to see what should happen when you dock the phone . if nothing happens , it might be a problem in your triggers . otherwise , it is the dock or your phone 's magnetic sensor . try dialing *#0*# and selecting Magnetic to access a self test of the magnetic sensor .
i9300 is just a shortened form of gt-i9300 . they both mean the same device . just do not mix it up with the i9305 , which is a different device , specifically the international lte version . wikipedia has a useful chart of the different models and how they differ . minor models ( e . g . i9300/i9300t or i747/i747m ) are inter-compatible for rom purposes .
can not shed any light on your current experience i am afraid . it is possible that timescape has some sort of feature built in but i have just the app for you . call track syncs all your calls to your calendar , including time duration and number ( and name if they are in contacts ) and will import your existing call log . you can select a specific calendar or label to sync with . hope that helps . :- )
finally found the solution and the reason . i installed sms backup + application from market sometime back . this application syncs the messages , call logs and contacts with gmail . i installed once and removed . in that time span it sync the contacts , call logs with my gmail . thats why i can see the call logs label in my gmail .
no issue but make sure do not use charger which is not your phone 's
no , this will not cause any issues . i am having the same case as yours ( using xperia l 's usb cable with a nexus 4 ) and have not faced any issues with nexus 4 or the xperia .
once you unlock the bootloader , the only major risk you may face is bricking the phone when loading the aosp images of a previous android version .
if the " other " calls are usually at certain times of the day , you could use tasker to automate things for you .
if your computer has bluetooth ( most laptops do , and some wireless keyboards and mice connect through a bluetooth adaptor ) , then there are apps that will allow you to share your phone 's gps device to the pc as a bluetooth gps adaptor . see this previous question for some of them : can i use the nexus-s gps as an external gps for another device ( via bluetooth ) ?
it is most probably a buggy 3rd party app ( preinstalled by samsung or by you ) . to find the offender i would install permissions and narrow the problem down to apps with precise gps location permissions . if this list is huge you can also cross-check with running apps ( task killer or quitetaskmanager , the latter lists more but is not available in google play ) . if you are rooted you could also run ' lsof | grep sdcard ' to see which processes have these gps/txt files open and subsequently delete the offending app , here 's a sample output :
bluetooth tethering is a native function supported by android . you do not need third party apps . to tether your internet via bluetooth on your galaxy s4: go to home settings ► connections ► more networks ► tethering and portable hotspot ► and check bluetooth tethering . as explained in this answer , you can tether two mobile devices easily by pairing the devices and enabling data on the first device .
there is a possible quick solution , depending on the phone in consideration : go to settings-> sound-> music effects and depending on the phone , you may by default have an app that controls the music effects within which you should easily find your desired setting . but if your phone is rooted , a more reliable solution would be to install the music effects app/driver : viper ( basically a 3rd party audio driver for android ) which can be turned on or off at will . the app , in addition to being able to fix an unbalanced stereo has a powerful and wide spectrum of amazing sound enhancement options which is a must have whether you have an unbalanced stereo or not ! in fact i can not enjoy music with it turned off anymore : ( - - - - ; )
system > accessibility > hearing i am using lg g2
i overcame this by clicking install on desktop play store , on apps one by one . edit : on my desktop i go to google play then find the un-linked apps one by one and click on install button . then on my phone i can see those app are included on my apps list in play store app .
sense is made by htc for htc so no you can not put it on other phones . that said , i recently read an article that blinkfeed and some of their other cooler closed source apps are going to be made available on the play store for other devices later this year . looks like blinkfeed specifically is already avaialable . hope this helps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htc.launcher
the latest google maps app has the navigation function in-built . the navigation " app " was always integrated into maps . the blue icon was just a separate entry point into that maps . if you select a destination , look at the bottom of the screen where it says navigate and you will recognize what comes up next .
update -- this morning i went to look for my familiar blue triangle and it was gone again ! i found out that you have to go into the google play app on your phone . tap on the top right icon for options . then click settings . then click on the auto-update apps . then select do not auto-update apps . do this first , then the steps below . . . go to settings , apps , and google maps . click the uninstall updates . it will give you a warning about all updates will be removed . click yes . open maps like normal . close maps and go back to your normal all applications , and navigation is back !
cyanogenmod is a fork of aosp ( android open source project ) , more customisable and with many added niceties ( see the why page on cm 's wiki for details ) . one of the main advantages it that you are able to update phones for which its vendor stopped releasing updates . for instance , i have cyanogenmod 10.2 , which is based on android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) on my nexus s . google only updated android up to 4.1.2 for this phone . when you install it you do not have the google apps ( like maps , hangouts , search , etc ) but you can install the " gapps " package which contains these apps .
i guess the best resource for you is the official cyanogenmod wiki : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/main_page
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google ­– discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included – setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
to use " root powers " , an app needs to explicitly request those from the system . to my knowledge , astro file manager does not include this feature , but e.g. es file explorer does . for most of the newer/updated apps , you can tell that by their permissions : if those include android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER , they request " root powers " . alas : as this permission is not " mandatory " yet , its missing does not necessarily mean an app will not request root access . the feature you need is called " root explorer " . mentioned es file explorer offers this , but you may have to manually enable it in its settings . that done , it should show you everything in the file system .
in general , the slower your clock speed , the less power consumption will be used on your device . but if you are lowering your clock speed . . . then things will run sluggish , especially if you drop below the 500mhz range . setcpu has different " profiles " that controls the behavior of your cpu . you can make it run at full maximum performance ( for best response times and worst battery usage ) , but typically you use the default one where it only " speeds up " the processor when it is actually used and needed . you could , for example , have setcpu lower your clock speed to something much lower than normal when the screen is off . kernels also matter . some people have made " low voltage " kernels that can help with your battery life . but your mileage will vary with using kernels other than the stock one because they usually go outside the bounds of your cpu 's specifications ( so a " low voltage " kernel may work well on one device but not another device ) . device manufacturers want you to have a good experience with your device at stock settings . by changing the clock speed ( to a lower speed ) , you should be expecting a degradation in performance at the cost of better battery life .
the best i have for now is the app readability available from google play store : readability turns any web page into a clean view for reading now or later on your computer or android device . with the readability app , you can catch up reading you have saved with the free readability add-on for your web browser . already a favorite on kindle e-readers , now you can enjoy the benefits of readability on your android devices .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
you can organize your contacts by syncronizing all of them into your google account . once you do that you can organize them throught the gmail page . below of google logo there is a menu were you can choose contacts there you can organize them in an easy way
why not try other apps like solid explorer , es file explorer or explorer ? they have options to show hidden files .
you should try astro file manager . you can not find your hidden folders or files ? astro fm is very robust and due to user requests , astro added the ability to override " global settings " with " directory specific settings " . first , go to look and feel under preferences ( menu , more , preferences , look and feel ) . click on show hidden files . if this does not work , it is because the directory that you have created some directory specific settings on the directory you are in . you can either : a ) go back to look and feel and click reset directories which will wipe out any directory specific settings , or b ) go to the directory your hidden files are in ( probably your sd card directory ) and click view , set directory options , and click show hidden files in that directory . taken from here
first , you should be aware of the difference between " hidden folders " and " inaccessible folders": hidden folders : names start with a dot , e.g. /sdcard/.android_secure . these files you can see enabling the " hidden files " option in file explorers . inaccessible folders : folders you will not see due to lacking permissions , e.g. those in /data . to protect your apps ' data , those folders belong to the corresponding application , and are only accessible by the app ( in the context of file-permissions ; please see the tag 's wiki for closer information on those ) . to make those visible , you need root access on your device , and a file explorer supporting that ( e . g . es file explorer ) so while you were asking for the former ( "hidden folders" ) , you were really referring to the latter : data/com.android.lmt/ belongs to the lmt launcher .
maybe turning data enabled to off ( mobile network settings on cm9 ) might help . in that way , it'll sync only when wifi is available .
phablets are basically tablet / phone crossovers . best examples are samsung’s galaxy note and lg’s optimus vu . as per computerworld : a phablet is a phone with a screen so big that it can be used as a tablet . there are no defined boundaries whatsoever in terms of screen sizes ; so any tablet with phone ( telephony ) capabilities might also be termed a phablet .
an easier alternative would be to use emoji switcher ( requires root ) .
needs root access : you can change the AndroidEmoji.ttf font that can be found in /system/fonts/ . xda has a copy of different emoji fonts you can use .
go to System settings &gt; Storage &gt; Upper right button: USB computer connection &gt; Media device (MTP) .
these steps can be follow in android : kitkat version to switch from media device to camera or vice versa . . . connect your device with the computer . it will automatically detect the usb connection . there are two ways to redirect to settings of media device/camera . in case of no usb connection detect please check the cable or driver for device . from notification . there is notification at notification screen . connected as camera/media device . it will redirect to usb computer connection . or in another settings--> storage--> navigation right button --> usb computer connection > media device ( mtp ) / camera ptp . hopes it will help you .
cm does not support apps2ext since version 6 . i have heard some users say that you can use the simple2ext app to do this , though . should be straightforward .
0.08-11.04.05 rc4: - 07app2ext script included in /system/etc/init . d - works via bind mount but is compatible with symlink versions . ( warning - do not put more than one app2ext script in init . d as it could result in loss of apps ) checked source from /update-cm-7.0.0-0.08-11.04.18b-milestone-signed/ system/etc/init . d/05mountsd mounts /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 in boot : $BB mount -o noatime,nodiratime,barrier=1 -t auto $SD_EXT_PART $SD_EXT_DIRECTORY; that is reason for empty fstab . next system/etc/init . d/07app2ext will create directories if needed , move some files if needed and finally bind mount directories from /sd-ext into /data/ solution : are you sure you created filesystem instead of only partitioning ? check logcat for errors . try to mount with mount -o noatime,nodiratime,barrier=1 -t auto /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /sd-ext .
use something like evernote to write and exchange stuff between any two devices , including pc and bluestacks .
today , i installed clipper plus in bluestacks and i noticed that its already storing clips i copied in windows . i have also tried to copy a text in bluestacks and paste in windows . it has confirmed that clipboard has already been shared between bluestacks and windows . great . . . either this feature has been pushed recently or i did not notice it without clipper plus . i tried to paste using Ctrl+V in bluestacks which still does not work . do paste with proper method : long-click and choose paste from menu .
i do not know if this will work with bluestacks specifically , but whenever i want to share a clipboard between my pc and android device , i use airdroid .
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
you can now download it using your network only , no need for wifi . the wifi only option was until 23 november . i am currently downloading 4.4 over my mobile internet only .
or you can just change the date in your system to sometime in the future . this should trick your phone into downloading it now .
if you have already downloaded the zip file then you need to flash it via recovery mode using a custom recovery . you usually get to this by holding power+ down on htc devices . custom recoveries like twrp can also reinstall root if it is lost during the update process .
the g2 is indeed supposed to have 4gb but the desire z ( which is g2 's twin with sense , for europe ) only gets 2gb . it seems like a mix-up occured somehow between the 2 phones , because a lot of g2s only have 2gb . i guess t-mobile knows the issue and maybe you could get another phone .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
do you have pc companion installed ?
if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
i removed facebook and it seemed to have helped my phone run better . before i was getting flooded with invites from the same person and my phone was constantly freezing .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
if you got your gapps from goo.im , you could manually check if the md5sum of the . zip file you downloaded is correct . this would assure you that the file has not been tampered with . if flashing through clockworkmod recovery , there is this option : install zip from sdcard &gt; toggle signature verification .
all android apps are signed . android will not run an unsigned app . in addition , the signatures are tied to the app permissions , such that if the signature was wrong , other apps would not be able to talk with it , and you would not be able to receive updates to it from google play . android signing is discussed in more depth in signing your applications in the android developer documentation , from which the above information was drawn . if you are paranoid and want to verify an app 's signature , you can use the jarsigner utility included with the java development kit ( jdk ) . for example : jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs Vending.apk 
voice search for contacts only works with contact from the primary account setup on the android phone . also the primary account contact sync must be enable . i confirmed it by testing with my galaxy s 4g . since primary account on an android phone must be a gmail account , this also means the voice search for contacts only works if the contact is stored in the gmail account . since my main email account is with live.com, which i had setup on my android phone using ms exchange sync , i came up with this is work around to allow voice search . i go to my gmail account and add contacts that i like to be able to do voice search with . i made sure the contact only have names entered with no other information . this way , i can enable contact sync with the gmail account to perform voice search without allowing the gmail contact pollute the combined contact list on my android phone . if you really do not want gmail account to show up in your phone at all , you can always separate and then delete the gmail account from your other account . as long as the contact sync is enabled , the voice search will still work . the is kind of a pain , but too bad for me since i only care to add contacts to gmail for relatively few people that i actually call/text often . it also helps that gmail web interface was done in a way that is really easy to add contacts with just names .
have you tried navigate to bob jones home ? you can use the label on the address when using the voice command . the above command is different than navigate to bob jones work . update : one thing to remember : your contacts need to be accessible to the google servers . in other words , you need to be syncing to your google account . the actual voice-to-text work is done on google 's servers , not on your phone . ( try using voice search while in airline mode . ) see this google support thread . and , of course , your contacts need to be in your " searchable items " . ( i get there by hitting the search button , then the blue ' g ' to the left , then the settings icon . )
do you speak with a us accent ? i am in aus and find the voice commands work far better if i try a us accent than my regular australian drawl .
this should be available . check to see if you have facebook selected by choosing accounts from the menu in your address book .
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
provider did block the imei of the phone . now it is unblocked and all works fine ! thanks to matthew read for clue . . . : )
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
as a further answer i forgot there is media monkey which just has basic usb copy which will do what you want - let you make a playlist and just copy it to your phone .
most apps use m3u playlist which is a pretty standard format . you can manually sync or sync your playlists using doubletwist for insert OS here . i dont even believe that youre required to run doubletwist on your phone . also cubed has the ability to create and edit playlists right on the phone
why not install " dropbox " on your pc and on your phone . you can drag and drop files either way back and forth then ; ) i have not tried it with a playlist . but certainly done it for mp3 and other files .
i use missing sync from mark/space . . . it works with windows media player and itunes . it will also sync over wifi which is kind of cool . it is not free , but $30 is not too bad .
it stopped to ask my password after about 4 reboots , or 4 days . i do not know what was causing the problem .
what problem are you thinking of reporting it for ? if you are going to report it because this is against admob 's terms of use ( i have not checked , but this sort of thing is normally against most ad network 's rules . then they do not seem to be open to much contact from people without admob logins , but you can try their contact page , which has twitter and facebook accounts listed . if you think that this makes the app itself annoying , then find its page on the play store and write a review and give a rating reflecting that , to warn other people who may be thinking about using the app . if this causes a real problem with the app , or seems to be malicious in some way , then if you have the app installed , you can go into the play store on your device , go into the my apps list , find the app , scroll to the bottom of its page , and then you should see a " flag as inappropriate " link to report the app to google .
use sms backup and restore assuming those are both android phones and you should not need to deal with a .nef file .
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
this is not version of cm - it is cm code name of device . depending on your device you should download needed release .
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
i actually did not know this until just a few minutes ago but you can use pdadb .net's pda-chooser to search by release year ( so not exact date but at least its something ) . obviously if its not in the database it will not appear and i am guessing that only confirmed devices/dates are entered . that along with gus 's answer should help . you may also want to check out engadget
i typically find out about new android devices coming out on gizmodo . the only official place i know of is google 's phone store . it does not list new phones that are coming out , only what is currently out .
http://www.androidauthority.com and http://www.gsmarena.com are the best sites for new stuff and mobiles !
gsmarena . com is another popular site for cellphone news and device information . as with pdanet mentioned by daniel , you can search by " coming soon " devices that meet whatever specifications you are interested in .
daniels suggestion ( pdadb .net) definitely has the most comprehensive list but i am not thrilled with the ui . it is not the most user friendly . i prefer phonescoops search which seems to cover all the major us devices . here is a link to a search for results of all the " coming soon " android phones . also , if you are looking for blogs , bgr . com is always seems to be one of the first to report on new devices .
the fact is that android is open enough for every dev to do whatever they want . there are some specific places certain stuff goes like the media folder and the . android_secure folder , as an example . the good news is that you can do a lot of cleaning up yourself by just browsing in there but be careful you do not delete data files and db 's for apps still installed . hth
you cannot restrict where the applications write the data on the sdcard . you can go and delete what ever you want on the sdcard , but it may be data for an application . if you move it , the application will think it has been deleted or does not exist , and it will just create the data in the same place again . google recommends applications use the /sdcard/android/data/ folder , but if the application has permissions to write to the sdcard , they can write where ever they want on it . some applications were created before the recommendations , others may not know the recommendation , and others may not care for what ever reason . the " standard " is the following for non-application specific data : music/ podcasts/ ringtones/ alarms/ notifications/ pictures/ movies/ download/ and then application specific is : Android/data/&lt;application&gt;
i have seen something similar when an app is installed in someone else 's profile but not my own , so make really sure you do not still have it installed in any other profiles .
i see you just follow what is here : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/enable-adb-usb-drivers-for-nvidia-tegra-based-android-tablets/ i just did the same ( obviously changing the pid and vid numbers as you did and it just worked ! ) tips : 1 ) in the changed . inf file remember leaving an empty line after pasting the code after [ google . ntx86 ] or [ google . ntamd64 ] ; and also after it and the beginning of the next paragraph . 2 ) dont forget the step 5 ; where you must put your vid number ( example : if your vid is 0955 , just put 0x955 ! ! ) and the rest is exactly the same . i am so happy ! it just worked for a excite 10 from toshiba with tegra 3 processor ! ! ! ! = )
one way you can create a custom place in google maps is by putting a name in parentheses after the address . for example , search for "123 4th st ( bob 's place ) " and you will see a place bubble on the map with the name " bob 's place " and the specified address . then you can star that and save it for later .
google maps for android allows storing places/locations by starring them , this should also work for every place on the map , not just places and businesses . long press on the point on the map you want to star the address will load , press it in the upper right corner is a little gray star , select it these stars are also synced on maps . google . com if you are logged in with your account . the star will be named after the nearest address , but it will be exactly at the point you selected .
dalvik does effectively limit the maximum size of a program , in terms of the number of java classes and methods you can have . i do not know any emulators written in java , so i do not know if they would be too big or not , but that reveals a more important point : you would not write an emulator in java anyway . most emulators are written in c or c++ , often with the crucial parts in the assembly language of the host platform for maximum efficiency in the inner loop . you would do this on android just like on any other platform : android apps do not have to be written in java . if you do not write the emulator in java , it does not matter what dalvik can and can not do . so there is no reason at all you could not have a ps2 emulator on android .
it is not a matter of dalvik being incapable of running certain types of programs , it is a matter of performance . any runtime system based on non-native bytecode ( e . g . dalvik , jvm , .netclr ) incurs some performance overhead in translating the bytecode into a form that the cpu can run . for most apps this is not a problem , since most apps do relatively little cpu work and spend most of their time just waiting for input . but an emulator is typically a cpu-intensive program , so it is often better to implement it using native code , which does not incur the overhead of running on dalvik .
for your reboot problem , it sounds like your boot order is booting off the . iso , i.e. , cdrom , before it looks for the disk partition where you installed android . shut everything down and disconnect the . iso . you can just delete the cd device under the controller within virtualbox settings-> storage . you probably should not just change the boot order or you will have trouble reinstalling if you ever need to . however , if you want to change the order , look under settings-> system-> motherboard .
winamp for android also has a sync music capability . you would however need to install winamp on your pc and configure it accordingly .
you could try style jukebox . it is a cross-platform music app that stores your music and playlists in the cloud and lets you listen to it on all your devices . it is like dropbox for music and you start from 2000 songs for free . you can get style jukebox at get-jukebox . com
playing with words : if you want a folder to sync , have you tried foldersync ? should be perfect for this purpose . you can sync entire folders between your pc and your android device , and also use different cloud storage services . thanks to an integrated tasker/locale plugin ( in the full version ) , you also can automate it to your wishes . but even without tasker/locale , it offers user specified sync interval or specific sync times .
my experience of the one x in order to be able to select multiple items in the gallery you need to first give it a task to do . for example , open gallery hit ' share ' in the bottom left , you will need a service which takes multiple uploads , such as facebook then you will see the ' multi-select ' grid with tick boxes next to each image which you can then select . as far as i can see from playing on my device for 10 minutes , there is not a general ' multi-select ' feature . you might try a different gallery app though . i would recommend quickpic
from verizon : open settings . select battery and data manager . select data delivery . select data enabled to enable / disable .
it could also be that windows 7 or the bios disabled that usb port . . . possibly due to something power related . have you switched the usb port you are plugged into ? possibly try switching to another usb port .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
it is also possible that you have damaged some of the pins on the device 's micro usb connector . if connecting it to another computer with another cable does not works i could recommend you to contact your dealer for repair : )
as another possibility ( although you mention that you did not change anything on the pc ) : i had a similar problem once when i still had my palm desktop software ( and synchronization software ) installed on my pc . after a log of searching i found out that the palm sync software used the comm4 port on my pc . for some reason , the usb connection between my galaxy s and my windows 7 pc used the same port . once i uninstalled the palm software , the usb connection worked flawlessly . maybe more technical people at this forum can explain why , but that is what i found out .
as far as i understand you can not launch an apk with arguments of that sort . the comments on the page you link to seem to indicate that it is not supported on android , as well . i find it odd that the instructions appear to be specifically for chromium if it was meant to work on all webkit browsers .
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
if you have a warranty i would use it as this sounds like malfunctioning hardware , not a software problem .
i am not sure concerning the note-3 specifically , but there are some apps claiming to help you at least parically on this issue : button savior ( root ) home2 shortcut buttonremapper they all have in common that they help you remapping one or more buttons .
thanks to the beautiful hint above from eldarerathis , i just do DB=/data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db echo 'select address,body from sms;' | ./sqlite3 -csv $DB  to read my smses from my root prompt . since i did not have sqlite3 , i first had to download it with curl http://dl.dropbox.com/u/16958605/sqlite3 chmod a+x sqlite3  or see sqlite3 installer on google play ( if you do not trust the dropbox source ) .
use experitest ' s seetest to control , and watch your device 's screen on the pc screen .
this is really ugly , but you can read them from the command line by using sqlite3 to view the database entries . you will probably need to dig up a binary for this unless you have a custom rom installed . there are some instructions for installing said binary in this stack overflow question , and superoneclick comes packaged with it ( a copy of the binary itself can be found here ) . if you do need to install the binary , use mount ( with no parameters ) to determine where your /system partition is physically located ( mine is /dev/block/mtdblock3 , for example ) . then follow the instructions in the first link above , and start by remounting it in read/write mode with the command : mount -o rw,remount /your/system/partition /system  once you have sqlite3 you will want to open an adb shell , switch to root with su , and then do the following : this will pull up all of the rows from the table for all of the unread messages . the columns in the table are defined thusly ( so you can trim the SELECT ) : ***note for the marked line : this may be slightly different depending on your device and version of android which is why i have included this cd command separately . i think it used to be com.android.providers/telephony/databases on older devices but i do not quite remember . use ls to look around for the proper pathing here . alternatively , you could try copying the . db file onto your sd card ( or pulling it with adb pull ) and then reading it on your computer with sqlite .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
when you do a hard reset , or a factory default reset , it wipes your phones internal storage completely . so anything that was saved on your phones internal storage , is pretty much gone . personal things such as : texts , phone calls , and browsing history , are not stored on your sd card , but stored internally . so doing that wipe will have cleared it out . so you are fine . your sd card never really holds anything personal like that .
nothing at all is on your memory card . sms messages etc are not actually stored on the sd card . when you do a hard reset all of your data is erased completely .
open the sdcard on your pc and format it . done . it is not recoverable whatsoever because it is a flash disk . to wipe all personal data you need to do a factory reset . or wipe /data ( and /cache ) manually
before deleting anything you should encrypt your sdcard and your internal storage ( this appears to be built into android but located in different places on different devices , or maybe it is different versions ) . do this first because depending on how the encryption works there may be gaps left unencrypted because it did not think it needed to overwrite deleted space . you could try to fill that space before erasing for total security . once encryption is done , you can then erase your sdcard ( again , should be built in , though eraser mentioned in mathew 's answer might be better , do not know ) , and do the factory reset on your phone . this way any data bits will be extremely difficult to recover ( near impossible depending on password chosen ) , even with specialized hardware .
the other answers are a little misleading . first , it does not really matter from a security standpoint whether you have got things stored on the sd card or on the internal storage . the sd card is easier to remove and read outside the phone , but the internal storage can be read as well ( most easily from the device itself but also from a pc ) . the second thing is that i would expect this wipe to be insecure , i.e. , file deletion rather than zeroing of the storage . ( i have not checked myself . ) i recommend using a program like eraser to zero your sd card . i do not have a good recommendation for the device storage , unfortunately .
what you are trying to set is the msisdn number on your sim card . this can be quite difficult to do on android . this site has a post detailing how it can be done on various phones ( including non-android ) which if you have access to another device is probably the easiest way . if you do not have access to another device then you could try the myphonenumber app . this is very flaky and only works on certain roms/devices . the other option is to contact your operator as i believe this is something that they can set ota , although most do not seem to know anything about it from my experience .
when coming from linux/unix , you may be confused because su == root , and that is also true on android , but with a small addition : a ' rooted ' android device has a setuid root ' su ' binary to allow a process to get root , but the version typically used on android does not allow just any process to use it to get root . it uses an android intent to communicate with an app ( superuser/supersu ) to determine if the caller is allowed to get root . the app then decides if it is allowed , typically with a popup on the screen of the android device . more details here : stackexchange-url
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
there is nothing special you need to do within gmail . ( in fact , there is nothing you can do in gmail . ) simply add the google account ( s ) to your device under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Add account . ( it will then appear there listed under " google account " . ) after that make sure you are syncing gmail plus whatever other google services you want ( or not ) .
i found if i went in and cleared the market data ( from settings -> applications ) , it then let me accept the terms and then started the same browser . the next time after that , that i clicked on market , it took me to the proper interface .
actually every apple device i saw , only charges on apple 's chargers and macs , so i think the port is ' modified ' to be used with apple devices , something to identify that the charger is from apple but when we talk about android , anything with > 4.5 volts will charge the phone , but it depends on the charging current , plus , i have a tablet that does not charge on pc because my pc gives around ~350 , but that is for a tablet , the original charger is around 2a , the tablet puts a red " mark on the battery to tell you it is not charging , but actually it is charging but the current is less then the usage . . actually i notice it to charge some percents after hours , and if you turn the device off , it will charge but a bit slow conclusion android : will charge on > 4.5 even if it says not charging apple : need the charger to be verified that it is from apple before it can charge note : i am not pretty sure about apple devices because i have not used much , maybe someone will correct me or maybe help you better
my experience is that it does matter , but it is not so simple , because not all android devices are the same . some android devices will charge just fine from an apple charger , some will charge slowly ( regardless of amperage ) , and some will not charge at all . plus , i have found that there is some variability among the apple chargers . for example , i have a couple of scosche usbc202m dual 10 watt car chargers that are pretty nice ; they are mainly designed for iphones , and they work fine on my wife 's iphone , and on my lg g2 ( at the full rate , as monitored by android tuner pro ) , but my samsung galaxy tab 3 does not even register it as being connected , even using a charge-only cable or adapter . yet i have another car charger , also made mainly for iphone , that works on all 3 devices . i suspect that many newer android devices may now be compatible , where they were not in the past , although i have no evidence of this . traditionally , and perhaps currently to some degree , android devices will not charge at currents above 500 ma ( usb standard ) unless you use a charge-only cable , which shorts together certain pins to force it into higher current mode . so , the bottom line is , it may work fine , it may work at reduced current , or it may not work at all , depending on brand . much of the time , when people say it works for their device , they do not have a clue whether it is working at full output .
yes they are . they may charge normally , charge slower , or not charge at all .
for your first question . i use the oasvn android client to pull pdf files to my droid from my private windows based svn server . works great ! ! i used rsync before and would favored the svn solution over rsync . netapp 's fx file manager plus handles the sftp protocol over wireless and will cost you $2 for a license .
many things are possible . installing an ssh server app ( e . g . sshhelper or digisshd / ssh server - android apps on google play ) would give you the possibility to login via ssh , or remote-copy via scp . terminal ide gives you a quite complete package , even including the famous midnight commander , and a lot more useful tools : javac , java , dx , proguard , aapt , apkbuilder , signer , ssh , sshd , telnetd , bash 4.2 , busybox 1.19.2 , vim 7.3 , nano 2.2.6 , midnight commander 4.8 , htop 1.0 , tmux 1.5 , rsync 3.0.8 , git 1.7.8 , bitchx 1.1 and a nice terminal emulator are all available . ( emphasis are introduced by me to pick the items your question was for ) so except for unison , the latter package should cover your needs : )
based on the testing of other users on chainfire 's usb host diagnostics site , there is no usb otg support for gt-b5330 . see also : how can i determine if my device has usb host mode ( otg ) support ?
can you take a look at the sim and phone sim socket if they are oxidized/dirty/greasy ? if that is the case , you can clean it with a cotton cloth dipped in ethylene alcohol . if the sim socket pins are somehow are pushed down , that could be also an issue .
try pushing or more like adding a piece of paper on top of the sim card ! else , try to contact the company . if you have installed the rom your self , i mean by rooting and getting a new rom . then you might be in an issue ! as there are many roms that have slight issues . try going to that forum again from where you got the rom and contact the person who provided . i read its sony , so why not use a rom made by sony ? sony roms wont have an issue at all !
use Factory Reset to reset your phone to its factory settings .
generally , you need to follow the max external sd card size limit . otherwise , your phone might not be able to read the bigger-sized sd card . source : comments on using 64gb card on samsung galaxy note 10.1
step 1: download and install java development kit from oracle’s website . i downloaded jdk 7u2 for windows x64 ( approximately 87 mb ) step 2: download and install android sdk from google’s website . i preferred the recommended windows installer step 3: run command prompt with administrator privileges on windows 7 or windows 8 os . [ start menu –> type in cmd –> right click the command prompt –> run as administrator . the uac will prompt you with a dialog which you should click as ‘yes’ ] step 4: if you have installed the latest version of android sdk ( sdk manager revision 16 or later ) , then type in following commands on cmd cd c:\program files ( x86 ) \android\android-sdk\platform-tools step 5: on your android phone/tablet , go to settings –> applications –> development and enable usb debugging . once done , connect the phone/tablet to your laptop/desktop via usb cable . step 6: execute following commands in sequence adb shell pm getinstalllocation you would get an output as : 0 [ auto ] in android , install location has 3 values . 0 [ auto ] – let the system decide the best location 1 [ internal ] – install the application on internal device storage . this means any internal storage provided with your device 2 [ external ] – install the application on external media . this means any sd , microsd cards attached to your device or external usb storage . step 7: so let’s change the default location to 2 [ external ] adb shell pm setinstalllocation 2 this will change the default installation location to sd card of all the applications that you install henceforth . what about those that are already installed on device storage ? i am sure you were unable to move all of them to sd card earlier . you can give it a try now ! alternatively , you can download an application apps2sd and manually move them to sd card . to check if the settings changed or not , you can execute step 6 again and check the results step 8 : disable usb debugging on your phone/tablet . close the command prompt and enjoy ! step 9 : drop in a comment , if this helped you . if there was something else you would like to say , drop in a comment . source : http://www.khare.co.in/blog/article/218/android_devices_change_default_installation_location
it does this in order to break up large . tar files into chunks of 1000000000 bytes : even if the resulting file is under the 1000000000-byte split limit , the .a file will still be generated : -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 0 2014-03-19 14:29 system.ext4.tar -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 484504064 2014-03-19 14:30 system.ext4.tar.a  you can combine these split files back together using the following syntax : on windows : copy /b finelame* filename e.g. copy /b data.ext4.tar* data.ext4.tar on linux : cat filename* &gt; filename e.g. cat data.ext4.tar* &gt; data.ext4.tar
this would have to be supported by the rom . screen orientation change in android uses support from the graphics driver , the system ui , and the framework that apps use . either choose a device that has this feature already ( ask the vendor if you are not sure ) , or you will have to use a custom rom to achieve this . since android stbs are still quite a minority feature , it might be hard to find a custom rom for your device , and/or hard to get help making your own .
there is no significant difference between charging it while it is turned off or not . modern li-ion and li-po batteries which are built into tablets and phones nowadays can handle any kind of charging very well . the only thing that should be avoided is a complete discharge as it degrades the battery much faster ( aka it loses capacity ) . with discharging i mean draining it to 0% and leaving it for some days/weeks alone . tl ; dr : just use your device as you want and avoid being on 0% battery for a long time .
you do not type . you scan in barcodes of the numbers you need . see step 6 of this guide for the barcodes . these barcodes can also be found on page 1-21 of the manual .
there are various apps on the play store where you can check your current charge current and your " maximum " ( not sure how accurate the calculation is ) via usb the maximum is 460ma with a average of 460ma via ac the maximum is 1000ma with also a average of 1000ma
current is drawn from the load , not pushed from the source ( voltage does the pushing ) . the wall charger contains only a power supply . the actual charging circuit is in the phone and it is a fairly smart one . it limits the amount of current the battery can draw regardless of the current available whether 1 amp , 2 amps or 200 amps .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
codename : evita afaik , the htc one xl has the codename of evita , and no other was attributed to this model . the xl was introduced into the market just like the htc one x , but with a significant improvement in communications : htc one xl ( te ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; 4g network ( lte 1800 / 2600 ) pc world australia article : htc one xl review : htc 's one x gets the superfast 4g treatment . is the extra speed worth it ? phone information about the phone : to check you device 's information , you can go to " settings " and select " about phone": if the codename is presented , you should find it on the information provided there . accessing the configuration file : you can use a file manager and navigate to /system/ and open the build.prop file , that contains all the details about your system . locate the lines that start by ro.product to know your device 's model ; brand ; codename ; cpu and manufacturer ( among others ) . references : pdadb .netsearch results for " htc one " that include the devide codename gsm arena - htc one xl : full phone specifications geekaphone . com - htc one xl specifications htc smartphones : htc one xl wikipedia : htc one xl
as al everett said , the best way would be to just sync your new phone with you google account . but before you do that , make sure you : make sure all contacts in contact book are synced to google , not backup assistant or internal storage . make sure all bookmarks or other web data are synced ( if you use google chrome on android ) make sure all of your pictures and videos are stored on your sd card , and not on your internal storage . optional : you could create a backup of your phone just in case if you need any of your data back . it is better to backup before and not use the backup than do it and need a backup and not have one . just a thought . once you have everything synced to google , then you are all set to sync your new phone with your google account and factory reset your old phone . settings -> privacy -> factory data reset -> yes , i am sure -> yes absolutely sure -> . . . good luck with the new device !
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
if your phone is working after inserting the different sim card and working fine your phone is unlocked , and there is no issue in phone unlock , the most likely reason for not working the internet is that your phone apn setting is not configured properly , you must have to configure the correct apn setting for that network ,
if the sim card works , and you can get a network signal , then the deice is unlocked and it is a different error that is stopping internet from working . it could be due to a number of reasons that internet is not working , i am going to list them : invalid/wrong apn 's apn ( access point names ) allow your device to connect to mobile internet . you nust ensure you have the correct ones installed for your network . device not compatible with internet system iirc , the t-mobile us network uses a different system . . . it could be that this system is not compatible with your indian network for internet access . other than the above , i cannot think of any reason internet would not work when mobile network does . make sure your network is letting you use the internet ( no bars , you have internet with your plan ) - otherwise , i do not know .
in the default sms app , it leaves a time stamp at the bottom of the message . e . g 2.16pm , oct 13 . that is how it appears on my phone ( s2 aswell )
open the message thread in the messages app and it should say " sent " and the time at which it was sent .
hey make sure you have checked your delivery report in the message settings option . i do have samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 and i did the same to solve my query .
you could try sentry . it also has a paid version . tired of accidentally leaving your wifi running all day and wearing down your device 's battery ? tired of being home for hours and forgetting to turn on your wifi ? sentry can help ! sentry is a fully automated wifi manager that only requires a simple configuration to start . it packs many features into a simple-to-use application so you do not have to waste any time on setup . sentry operates by cycling your wifi . if it gets a connection or was already turned-on and connected , it remains on , otherwise , it turns the wifi off to save battery . even if sentry is activated you can still manually connect to wifi or turn your wifi without interrupting . sentry can be configured to run in any or all of three ways . first , sentry can be configured to run on a polling interval , e.g. 30 minutes , and check the wifi status periodically . second , sentry can set to check wifi status every time the screen is unlocked . ** last , sentry can be set to run every time the phone boots up . used in conjunction with the other two functions , this can either be used to make sure sentry is always running or to simply check for wifi every time the phone reboots . does sentry running in the background use up my battery life ? nope ! not one bit ! sentry is actually only ever truly running when it is cycling the wifi , which depending on the timeout you set , should not be for much more than a minute , so no , it should not negatively affect your battery life .
some of the norton apps may work , something like the norton task manager . they have useful functions inside their apps . or , just search for " wifi disabler " in google play .
before doing so , i would consider two more things : finding the real cause high wifi usage is not caused by wifi itself ( standby ) , but most likely by another app constantly requesting it to " stay awake " . so first check how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- which also deals with this . checking your wifi standby policy in settings&rarr ; wireless and networks&rarr ; wifi , when pressing the menu button , an item named " advanced " appears . tap that to go into the advanced settings and check the wifi standby policy . there are 3 options available : always : wifi stays awake even when the display is turned off . useful if you are streaming music . only when connected : only when a power source is connected ( i.e. . the device is charging ) -- as in that case the " battery consumption " usually is not an issue . never : wifi goes to standby as soon as the display is turned off . wifi managing tools if this requirement still is present after thoroughly checking above two points , there are multiple options available in this section -- enough to fill at least a small book . first , there are tools like e.g. juicedefender or greenpower , dealing not only with wifi and mobile networks , but covering a lot more energy saving stuff . other interesting tools might include wifibatt and many others -- just check the related apps on their playstore pages , or use mapsaurus to find similar apps .
i just installed this application called silence . it turns on and off settings based on a schedule . that is exactly what you asked for but like the others i suspect your issue is a run-away app using too much wifi
i remember reading on one of the google forums that there was a also a total size limit , and that the developer was going to ask the team if the limit could be extended . in my experience the limit seems to be around the 200-300 megabyte mark .
the queue limitation , afaik is 200 videos : you can queue up a maximum of 200 videos in a watch later list . the same limitation applies for any created playlist . note : make sure that you are preloading videos having the device charging and with an active wi-fi connection , in order to have them correctly preloaded to your phone . youtube instructions for a successul preload according to the youtube blog , it is mentioned that the preload process works if the phone is charging and a wi-fi connection exists : you can now preload and temporarily cache videos from your subscribed channels on your phone anytime it’s charging and your wifi is connected . just enable “preloading” in the settings menu . you’ll still need a connection to play the video , but once you do it’s smooth sailing through the latest from your subscribed channels and watch later queue . additionally , you need to have an active connection when pressing the play button .
if the problem is in the kernel driver , as t0mm13b suggests , then only resetting the kernel driver will help . there might be a hacky way to achieve this with rmmod from the command line , if the device is rooted and that driver was built as a module in that rom . i would not recommend it . restarting the phone is probably the only way to reset the driver .
just a follow-up : it appears that the cause of the problem is that the buttons on the circuit board are slightly askew from the actual opening on the case . as a result , when you push down on the volume rocker , it can sometime slide slightly above or below the button on the printed circuit board . when that happens , it misses the button and will not actuate , and also can become jammed in position so that it will not return up . when that happens , you can no longer push the volume up or down until it becomes unjammed . it can become unjammed by jiggling ( a lot ) , but may eventually become jammed again . get the s3 home button and lock button
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
you have to place your palm on the side of the screen and cross it to the other side .
hold volume down button and lock button ! you can not take screenshots like on android 2+ . using hand motion feature - for this enable palm swipe to capture feature and swipe your hands above the phone to take a screenshot using swipe option for reference look at the guide on how to take screenshot on samsung galaxy s3 mini
if you are using stovk rom then you can try this . from home 1 . click the menu button and select settings . 2 . select motion . 3 . under “hand motion” settings , check “palm swipe to capture” checkbox . just swipe your palm horizontally ( l--> r/r--> l ) over your screen it will capture a screen shot . or hold down the power button and the home button at the same time . ( remember timing is imporatant )
i remember having gone through the same problem years back ( on a froyo device ) . not sure what caused it , but i fixed it as follows : exporting all your google contacts to a file ( make sure everything is in there ) remove all contacts from google remove all contacts from phone import the contacts from the file ( exported in ( 1 ) ) to the phone sync the contacts verify whether the sync worked after doing this two way sync worked perfectly for me . i can not guarantee that this will work for you , but it may be worth a try . also , make very sure that the export in ( 1 ) is complete ( check the contents of the file ) - also , export to various file formats for safety . unfortunately , the changes you made on the phone will have been overwritten and i do not know of a way to revert that . in the future , if the problem persists , you can disable the sync and do it manually using files - it sucks , but at least you will not lose information .
xda is the only place to go . they have plenty of roms to choose from , including stock builds for your nexus if you want timely updates from big g .
you could also try downloading the factory image from google . there are instructions with how to use it on that site too . this will completely wipe your device including your files .
if you want to know the changes made in the app after the update then simply follow this steps . slide down the notification bar tap the update notification . this will bring up the market link ( unless you set the app to auto-update which will open up the app and not the market link because the update is already installed ) . once you are in , search for the app in question , select it , and there you will find the changelog like this . notice that you cannot do this if auto-update is enabled . you must open the play store , tap menu ( three dots in upper right of screen ) , and select my apps . from there , do step 3 . take note that not all developers post their changes in the market . for that you will need to google for the answer .
try htc sync manager http://www.theandroidsource.com/my-touch-4g-root-rooting-roms-hacks-overclocking-etc/292-latest-htc-mytouch-4g-sync-driver-download.html https://support.htc.com/alerts_downloads/en/htc_sync_and_sync_manager_for_all_htc_android_phones joslloyd
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
get a usb jig , that will get you into download mode . it is just a 300k ohm resistor that bridges a couple pins on the usb port . http://www.ebay.com/itm/like/221154257373?lpid=82
if you have a google voice account , you could also head to http://voice.google.com/ and type your sms messages there . of course , have the google voice app on your phone so that you can sync your messages with your desktop . it works really well .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
sms2pc will let you see , reply and compose sms messages on your desktop . all the message are synced back to the phone too . i tried it yesterday and it works great . wifi only , though .
android manager will let you do this as well . it connects over wifi to your phone to send and receive sms messages and it also allows other stuff to sync over wifi with your computer , for free . i have found this to be a great program .
bear in mind ; solution preseted next is very geek centric . . . . root the phone ; install vnc server on phone and vnc client on computer . connect either by usb or wifi ; and use remote desktop to send sms . :d p.s. yes , i know you probably wanted some sort of bluetooth usb
i have tried the wifi keyboard , and it is magic , all you have to do is , connect you handset to a wifi network . install wifi keyboard on your handset . on any text field , long press the field and choose input method ; wifi keyboard . instructions will pop , one screen of instruction . write the ip from your instructions screen on your handset on your pc 's browser . that is it , and it gets better , if you are a gamer , like me , you have a gaming mode option on the screen of your pc , choose it , and arrows will work for gaming , try it with doom for example . performance is biblical by the way .
" bluekeyboard jp " in the android market is an adequate free bluetooth keyboard driver . here 's my review and notes on special keys .
myphoneexplorer i have been using it for my se phone , and now for my android phone . getting it to work via bluetooth was a little tricky until i read the faq at the developer 's site .
thank for this , it saves my day : )
i have found an app on the market that can " repair damaged sdcard and scan for bad blocks " etc . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sylkat.apartedhl=en
you can fix this with the help of root and a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ( or , alternatively , using adb shell ) . the binary to do the job is called fsck , and usually located in either /system/xbin or /system/bin . sometimes you need a special variant of it , which might e.g. be called fsck.exfat or the like . so first let 's make sure we find the right binary : cd /system/xbin ls fsc*  if not found , repeat with /system/bin . i will assume here it was found in the first place , and is simply called fsck ( adjust the following correspondingly if that is not the case ) . as fsck comes from the " linux core " , we can consult its man page for the syntax . though there might be some options not working on android , the most basic ones should . see the linked man page for details ( or run a linux vm and use man fsck in case that page disappears ) -- i will stick to the basics here : first we need to find the device your sd card is bound to . if it is mounted , the mount command will assist us : mount  that is it , basically : check the output and see where your sd card sits . usually this is something using vold , but it is different between devices . output may include something like /dev/block/vold/179:17 on /mnt/storage/sdcard -- in that case , the first part of my quote is our device . in order to repair the " drive " , you need to unmount it first . this can be done via the settings menu , or , as we are just in the terminal , by issuing umount /dev/block/vold/179:17  now we can go for the repair job . basic syntax is : fsck [options] [-t fstype] &lt;filesystem&gt; [fsoptions]  so we first try the simplest approach and hope fsck figures out everything itself : fsck -C -r /dev/block/vold/179:17  which basically means : show progress ( -c ) , and always ask the user to repair ( -r ) any errors on /dev/block/vold/179:17 . if this does not work out , check with the linked man page for further options .
if you repeatedly have errors on your sd card , you should make sure that it is really of the stated capacity using h2testw
this chrome extension offers an always-running background process for google chat . this has worked for google voice for me and may give the gv/gmail chat protocol the priority that you seek ( if you happen to be using chrome ) . ideally the fix should come from google making gv a higher priority , but this could be a good work-around for you .
this is apparently not currently possible . i am not the only person with this desire . there is an open issue at google ( issue 23176 ) . in one of my searches , i found someone who says they looked into the code for the phone app , and found that it is calling the messaging app directly without allowing the messaging intent , which is what would prompt me to choose the messaging app versus google voice to send the message . the app suggested by dymutaos looked somewhat promising , but i am concerned about its security . so , unfortunately , this very useful feature is currently useless to me . i hope they fix it in the not-too-distant future .
not yet , apparently there are hooks in the code called intents that are responsible for asking which app you would like certain tasks to be performed by . the quick responses did not have intents . they are there as of android 4.3 , but google voice has yet to update with a register for that hook . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=56090
google voice has the following option which sounds like it could do what you want , but only when texting to another gv number . this is according to the " learn more " text on the site ; i have not experimented to find its real capabilities :
you could try this app ( they have a limited free version ) . it is supposed to integrate google voice into the native messenger , so it may also work with the quick responses , depending on how android actually implements them .
once you have google voice setup , you could try simply going to settings> apps> all apps> mms . apk - and clear defaults . then , when you select a quick response , it should prompt you to use gvoice , instead .
may be the app is not recognizing the location of the backup . do the following and see if that works remove all the backup files from the new samsung captivate now , from captivate do a titanium backup , it will create a backup folder with backed up apps . then , copy all old backup files from htc to that location . try titanium backup again , this might show all the backed up apps now . hope that works . good luck :- )
hossain is actually correct , but you do not need to go through that process to find the location . the captivate has internal sd storage separate from the main phone storage and the external sd card . as such , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external_sd/ rather than just /mnt/sdcard/ . so you just need to copy the TitaniumBackup folder from that first path to the second , since that is where titanium is looking . edit or , as saiboogu notes below , you can change the directory used by tb . when you move apps to sd they go on the external sd card , but almost everything else uses the internal sd . you will find that photos , downloaded files , and so on go there .
the first account you enter when you set up your phone can not be removed without resetting the whole phone . if you do this you will not lose any cloud data but all locally installed apps and their data , eg . not your emails ( cloud data ) but for example sent/received smses ( and all other locally stored data ) .
on google maps , create your trip including all waypoints . save that map to " my maps " within google maps . on the android device , go to maps , layers , more layers and then choose " my maps " select the map you want , it will come into maps on your android device with each waypoint available . you can choose each waypoint individually and you will get the blue arrow over it which will kick off google navigation . not the best solution ( e . g . google having programmed it as a feature ) , but at least one can completely plan a trip with google maps and then port the entire thing over to the android device and navigate with it .
i just had this happen to me . seeing your answer , moskie , i carefully removed the apps one at a time from the application switcher by sliding them to the right , testing between each one . for me , pressing home from the web browser caused my screen to do a slow flaah , opening the apps menu made it go bright and stay bright . the app that caused the trouble ? camera .
strange , i have never heard of something like that , it must be an app which are causing it . . . anything you have installed recently ? i would try and remove some of the recent installed apps , and see if that works , or make a reset of the phone . . if it still happens after a reset , then it is a hardware issue , and you should talk with those who sold it to you . . .
i ended up closing all running apps using the application switcher . that seemed to do the trick . i am not sure which one was causing the problem , though .
there is an app called screen filter , which i use to use my mobile during night . even when the brightness is at its lowest value , the screen is still bright enough during night to disturb others and hurt my own eyes when reading for long time . this app enables me to reduce the brightness even further the lowest limit . though this does not neither help you to automatically adjust the brightness nor solve the random sudden increase of brightness . but still i posted this as it might help you or others if the lowest brightness is still not low enough .
i do not think this is possible by default . if your device is rooted , you might be able to inspect your file system , and find where the pictures are stored ( and then , you might be able to actually view them , depending on if there are encrypted ) . bottom line , i do not think instagram wants you looking at their pictures , outside of their app , and you will need to bypass their controls to do this .
i just discovered i was barking to the wrong tree , it is not the os fault is a wrong choice for hardware design ( obviously driven by economic factors ) . since the operating system is taking most of the 512 or 570mb of my phone 's internal memory i am left with the dribbling of moving apps from the phone to the sd card . i just checked other manufacturers ' phones and they come with 1-16gb of internal memory or even more ! ( samsung 's galaxy s ii ) , sd card is effectively just an external/supplementary storage . with more internal memory available there is no need to move application anymore . thanks for your comments .
i can only speculate , as this is something that can really only be answered by an android engineer , but off the top of my head i can think of a few reasons they might have decided on this : it is less confusing for end users , since i certainly would not expect apps to magically show up on my sd card after i install them ( especially for users coming from versions of android prior to 2.2 , when this feature did not exist yet ) . it allows the user to manage their storage however they see fit , which can be relevant in some cases since you can not access sd apps when your external storage is unmounted . maybe i do not want some apps on my sd card because i always want to access them , but android has no way of inferring this , really . otherwise you might unexpectedly be unable to use an app you wanted because you did not know it was on the external storage . many apps can not be installed to the sd card , so how do you handle a situation where you want to install an app that must be on internal storage but it will not fit ? do you arbitrarily bump another app onto the sd card instead ? what if that is not what the user wants ( like above ) ? it could get a little sticky . some apps , confusingly , allow you to move them to your external storage despite the fact that it breaks certain features . pandora , notably , could be moved to external storage even though it breaks the widget ( i do not know if it still allows this ) . how do you handle that situation ? do you forcibly move it anyway , possibly breaking the user 's widget ?
you can not without deleting your google account from your phone as far as i am aware . you can do this in your phone settings . why would you want to though ? if you are concerned about people seeing or using your email , set a pin or pattern lock on your phone . alternatively , remove your google account completely and use google 's web based versions of gmail , etc . all of those you can log into and out of at will - obviously a lot less convenient though .
titanium backup is able to read from nandroid backups , so you can use it to restore parts from them -- and then use titanium backup again to backup those restored parts . however , as there is no titanium backup for pc , this has to be done on an android device . if your goal however is to separate some apps from a nandroid backup , there are other ways to achieve this : nandroid copies the entire partition ( see : nandroid tag-wiki ) . so you could mount the images ( on linux , this should be no problem with the ext file systems at least -- see e.g. restore only part of nandroid image ) , or unpack them ( for yaffs partitions e.g. using unyaffs -- see my answer here ) . for completeness : there are also adb-style backups ( which again titanium backup is able to access ) . for these , you might want to take a look at e.g. android backup extractor and android backup splitter , and also my answer here on how to convert an adb backup into a tar file to investigate , using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread .
assuming that the pc you have got the sdk installed on is running windows , the first step to getting your device recognized by the sdk/adb is having the right windows usb drivers for your device installed . see this previous question for more on getting hold of the right adb drivers for your device : substitute win7 usb drivers for adb mode
likely you started the adb the first time as root , and now the device does not have the permission to write on $home/ . android/adbkey now you have to change the owner of that file ( and everything else in that directory ) $ sudo chown &lt;your_username&gt; .android/&#42;  and eventually : $ chmod 777 .android/&#42; 
if you like developing , the android eclipse kit comes with a sample launcher that does what you say you want .
espier launcher might be the closest thing you can get to an " ios experience " . i gave it a test run , it does not have an app drawer . . . it is pretty much exactly like ios .
there is also qq/tencent launcher .
do not forget milauncher , if you have ics . http://miuiandroid.com/community/threads/miui-home-launcher-now-native-for-all-ics-devices.16356/
my just-released tinylaunch is a tiny palmos-style launcher that just shows a ( categorizable ) list of apps .
seems to work for me -- here 's what i see : ( click image to enlarge )
i would check your /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder and remove any old backups you have in there . you can also remove them from within rom manager under Manage and Restore Backups . then click on the older backups and select Delete from the menu .
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of £0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly £0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost €0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
expanding on bryan 's previous answer , yes , there is a minimum limit on an app price : $0 ( free ) :- ) kidding aside , for non-free apps , there is a minimum limit for paid apps on the android market , and that minimum is based on the currency and location where the app is offered . for instance , a paid app offered in denmark must currently be listed for no less than 6 krone . these minimums may adjust over time to reflect fluctuations in currency value . the android market is not the only source for paid apps , however , and each app vendor may utilize unique policies for app pricing . in general , however , you will find that each vendor has some minimum limit set that will cover the costs of transaction fees .
in the android market , the minimum price is $0.99 . if i try to set my app any lower , it says i must set it to at least $0.99 .
based on the assumption that your router is working and you can use wi-fi . there could be two or more explanations to your problem : either your tab and your router are not compatible with each other , the port might be there but might need a higher network adapter compared to the one in your wwe10 tablet . there is a high possibility that your tabs network adapter is not working and that would mean you having it replaced . wwe10 tablets are known to have an ethernet ( lan ) adapter problem . what you could possibly do to remove this problem is have it flashed by an expert , or try doing it yourself using this how to guide . hope that will be helpful , good luck !
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
i talked to the developer and mediarecorder_voice_call works if properly implemented in phone firmware , however many disable it out of fear ( mostly in the us it seems ) . some ( like skvalex 's ) rely on root/alsa/kernel support , which is not for the masses . at the same time , even with proper voice_call support , bluetooth does not work because of android ( or linux ? ) limitation . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?can=2start=0num=100q=colspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20starsgroupby=sort=id=60323
sorry to inform you : but that is a limitation in the system itself . android simply does not allow this , and offers no api to record the " remote side " -- which is the reason it is hard to find any app doing so satisfactory . you will find several developer discussions on this topic , and it seems it turned out " being hard to work around that limitation " is a big euphemism .
if the device is unusually slow , or other apps get closed too , i would expect it is a memory shortage problem . some other service/app/proces ( possibly part of the system ) , unrelated to maps , uses so much main memory that that there is not enough memory available at the time you run maps , and the system needs to kill an app to free memory , and decides to kill maps . it this is the case , the problem would be somewhere else , and maps in itself could run fine .
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
even if your device has no sd card slot , there is an internal sd and memory hard coded into your device . so the path to your html file would be something similar to file:///mnt/sdcard/dir..... or file:///storage/sdcard0/dir...... you can find it using a file manager app .
is it in the internal sd card ? try file://mnt/sdcard/Download/AnotherFolder/here.html .
i got it fixed . . . . found the solution here http://www.morldtechgossips.com/2014/03/nexus-5-restriced-access-changed-issue.html
dial *#*#4636#*#* > > phone information > > set preferred network type : wcdma only
i had similar problem with my brand new snopow m6 phone . and i am sure , that this may be common to most chinese android phones . first , in estonia we have 3 major mobile operators , and with sim cards two of them my phone worked nicely , it did not work with my own sim . also tried almost everything , but then started check imei code through the operators ' networks . and found out , that my operator follows the idea , that its not good enough just not to be in their blacklist , you have to be in their white list . so i gave them a call , and they manually added my phones imei to their white list and phone works flawlessly since then . so , if you buy a chinese phone from the internet , then first check your imei through carrier , random internet sites might give you an answer , that phone is not blacklisted , but that might not be enough in some cases .
press the tab then hit enter that works for me
this behaviour depends on the application you use , and so , on the way developer ( s ) programmed their applications . the application may provide an option to use enter as send , but if it does not , then i think you can not do much about this . . .
have you tried external keyboard helper pro ? that lets you make customised keymaps : i use it to kill the caps lock key on my microsoft wedge keyboard . but if the application does recognise any keystroke as " send " then ekh will let you map it to the key of your choice .
it is not that the locale is locked , it is just that it is only useful to change it to a language that is already on your phone . if the phone does not have a translation and other needed files for german , changing the locale to german will not have any effect . it is just like if you have a german phone and you install an app that is not translated into german : you will get the app 's default language . you can only add a new system language by installing a custom rom that supports that language , and as you have noticed , it is hard to find custom roms for chinese phones .
is there a standard reference for what the different tap patterns are supposed to do ? basically , what you have noted is how most bt headphones function with their buttons . is there a way to program the controls to achieve a consistent interface across applications ? no , since each app maker decides whether or how to implant/interpret bt controls . it can be quite annoying when playing from different apps and the pause button does not work . do all headphone manufacturers implement basically the same headphone controls , so that apps for manipulating one brand will work for other brands ? from my experience , owning several bt headphones , the buttons are always the same , but the placement is not . i tried finding a bt standard in hopes to find if the buttons are standardized , but i was not able to make any grounds .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
first , make sure adbd is running as root : adb root if you get an error that says something like " unable to run as root on production builds " it means that you must always issue su command in the adb shell to gain superuser privileges . you will need to enter the shell before any mount commands will work . you will need to push the file to the sd card , then mount /system partition as read-write , and then copy the file to the /xbin directory like so :
assuming , you have a nexus , the internal memory should show up as a normal sd card would in other phones . when you connect your phone to a pc and then mount it , it ought to show up as a removable drive . you can use aldiko - it is an ebook reader ( currently freeware ) that works well with epubs . copy the . epub file and drop it in your phone ( after mounting ) place the . epub file in * phone_directory/ebooks/import unmount , and start aldiko press the menu key , and hit import , give it some time to copy the file , and you are done ! the newly imported book should now show up on your bookshelf . the official faq might also help . edit : an alternative ( easier ) method using the same app , available on google play . i found that i could import the . epub without connecting the device to a pc . this was verified with a nexus 7 , which does not have an sd card . navigate to aldiko 's main page . after selecting files , you can browse the files on your device . select the . epub file you want to read and select import . the . epub will show up in the aldiko library .
i figured out that if i disable 802.11n mode and just leave b/g enabled , then my phone works on wifi just fine . it seems that there was an issue using 802.11n on my phone . i do not yet know if the issue was my ap or my phone , but i guess i will need to find a way to disable 802.11n on froyo .
normally there're four reasons for default apps to reset . you install an app that can handle that intent . you uninstall an app that can handle that intent . you update an app that can handle that intent . the app is on the sdcard and you rebooted/mounted it on a pc . the fourth is commonly overlooked . without source level changes this can not be modified .
you could always just install an alternate launcher . i see a number of them in the google play store . there is also a go launcher theme .
the only solution i am aware of ( besides hacking the code itself ) is blocking permissions : permissions denied pdroid privacy extension regarding pdroid : currently , only gingerbread is supported officially but you may find a working patcher for your cm9.1 firmware on xda . its google play description says : pdroid allows you to block access to the following private data for any application regardless of its permissions : [ . . . ] account auth tokens , [ . . . ] edit : tried pdroid and found it to work great . you need a compatible rom ( cm , aokp , pa , . . . ) and autopatcher ( download here ) plus either the original pdroid or the pdroid2.0 app ( see 1st post/attachment ) . note : v2.0 needs jellybean , use the old one for ics and below ( the original author has not updated the app for some time and has not ported the original gingerbread patches . autopatcher includes both ported original pdroid patches and the v2.0 fork for jellybean )
i had the same problem . i downloaded a separate browser ( skyfire ) for " guests " to use and used an app lock to lock my main browser . the authentication option did not drop down in the second browser .
after some digging into google , i came across a software called backuptrans . the features listed include transfer sms between android and iphone , save sms from android/iphone onto local database on computer , restore sms from local database to android/iphone and many more . i do not have an iphone to check this software . this seems pretty good . the work steps are as simple as importing from iphone to the computer and exporting to the android device . more details with screenshots can be found here the only downer for this solution is that you have to pay some cash ( a minimum of $29.95 ) to use it fully . since you are not comfortable with isms2droid ( iphone sms import ) , this seems to be the best option available . on an additional note , isms2droid is worth trying before you buy backuptrans .
i sometimes have problems with the media indexer ( "media storage " service ) , then i just do the following to let it rescan and rebuild all media files on the phone : settings > apps > all apps > " default music player " > force stop , clear data , clear cache settings > apps > all apps > " media storage " > force stop , clear data , clear cache reboot phone unlock your phone and wait 10-20 minutes , do not do anything , do not open your music app , do not care if it locks again just let it be for at least 10-20 min .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
i am pretty sure that you wont lose the functionality of lock screen camera . but check once before encrypting because you need to hard reset/repair to decrypt xperia phones .
what about , if you transfer your data to a computer , then you try to encrypt your phone and if it works , you can transfer data from computer to phone . if it does not works , you can still hard reset it .
right , i have done some playing around and i think i know the answer problem . on older android devices ( i am sure my old desire hd worked like this ) , when you connected your device to the pc it showed up as a removable disk and was assigned a drive letter by windows . the newer devices , including my nexus 4 and htc one , show up as a " portable media device " and are not assigned a drive letter . when you try to add the file to vlc it is looking for a path to this file , however no path actually exists . if you opened the " music " folder which is located on your device , from within windows , and double clicked on one of the files , you may notice ( i did ' cause my pc is pretty slow these days ) windows actually copies the file onto the pc ; i guess to a temp folder somewhere ( found the folder : C:\Users\Jonny Wright\AppData\Local\Temp\WPDNSE\{00000001-0001-0001-0000-000000000000} ) , and then plays the file from there . in short , i do not think its a problem with vlc , or even windows to be fair . its the way device makers are allowing you to browse your device from within windows , and i bet other oses aswell . sorry , i do not think its possible unless you can get your pc to see your device as a " removable storage " medium and assign it a drive letter .
press vol up + power button for about 4 seconds , keep until reset menu appears .
thumbnail cache check the .thumbnails directory in sdcard/DCIM (Digital Camera IMages)/ notice that it is a hidden directory and only visible with certain file managers with the option to view hidden files . this directory stores a lot of thumbnail data especially in the form of two large binary files . play music ( if you are using it ) play music caches your songs so Settings &gt; Clear Cache . app data left behind delete some app data cache left behind by uninstalled apps from sdcard/ and sdcard/Andorid/data . even apps such as chrome , maps , youtube leave a lot of cached files in sdcard/Andorid/data . clean those apps cache from sdcard/Andorid/data . storage space install diskusage and check your devices storage by detail . diskusage provides a way to find files and directories on storage card which consume a lot of space . after pinpointing down apps and files that consume a lot of storage with diskusage . simply deleting those files and going into Settings &gt; Apps selecting and cleaning those apps would prove sufficient .
you could turn on " usb tethering " , then run some media server like vlc carefully configured with rtsp streaming on your local server . then open up the stock browser on android , type in your local ip ( prefixed with rtsp:// protocol instead of http ) of the pc followed by the port number as set in vlc or equivalent . the android media player should launch if all is set and should start to play the video . the local ip must be the ip of the pc running vlc or equivalent media server . you will need to find it through right clicking the active lan connection ( of usb tether ) > status > " ip address : " . . do disable firewalls or add exclusions appropriately for this to work , also , set the vlc with proper video transcoding format that your android can play . warning : you might want to disable data pack when enabling the usb tether to avoid incurring unwanted costs .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
the process has changed as of version 4.1 . you no longer have to sign out and sign back in . to switch : open the menu by swiping right or tapping the icon in the upper left tap the down arrow next to your name ( or your page 's name ) if necessary , tap " switch google+ page " tap the name of the page you want to switch to the process is the same to go back to your regular account . this is how to do it with versions 3.2 ( or the version updated 11th october depending on your device ) to 4.0 . x . to switch : sign out choose your user account ( if you have more than one ) if you have recently updated the app you may need to go through a few settings screens choose to sign in as yourself or one of your pages
as sachin correctly states : if you want to immediately execute any action , the barcode scanner will become the background app -- and your auto [ mat ] is moved into a garage . if on the other side you want to batch-collect barcodes for later processing : this is possible . the well-known barcode scanner offered for free by the zxing-team provides a " bulk scan mode " , in which all scanned barcodes will just be stored for later export in e.g. .csv format . you can read more about this in an article on using android smartphone to mass import books .
adb pull does not seem to provide a flag to pull selected files . as a workaround , you can do this : use adb shell [Unix shell command] to copy selected files to a temporary location and then pull all files from that location . update : you can use cp -u [source] [destination] unix shell command to copy only modified files on subsequent run . you can also use -r flag to use it on subdirectories recursive , if its required .
there might be a problem with your micro-usb connector i.e. the place where you connect the charger to the phone . some times the pins present there bend out of place and so this can happen . take your phone for a repair .
have a try of https://market.android.com/details?id=ws.plattner.cifsmanagerhl=en , i prefer to use sftp but there are many other apps around that let you access smb shares etc .
download es file manager . add shared folder to it by scanning ur network . . video player built in even can put shortcut on desktop . i understand the advantages of what you are doing . it gets the job done without compiling and installing mods . : edit : only works with streaming file formats . copies file over otherwise
you have to be rooted and you have to have the kernel module for cifs support . if you have froyo , you also will need slow-work . ko kernel module as well . once you have those , you can use ( shameless plug ) mount manager , it can handle loading the modules for you automatically and lots of features available for auto mounting when connecting to wifi , and other stuff . it is a lot like cifs manager , but has a more robust system for loading the modules , and supports multiple modules and has support for being a plugin for locale/tasker ( paid version ) .
no . best thing to do would be to read a book on development ; offline reading of pdf files or saved web pages or rss feeds . perhaps , if you feel there is a gap in the market here you could write this game yourself ! i can not help feeling that perhaps buying a book is the best option , however . in the past i have spent some time working through these little puzzles : http://www.gimpel.com/html/bugs.htm i guess you could save some of those for offline reading .
possibly a little low-brow for your needs , but there are a couple of logo implementations on the market , such as turtle graphics . as i say , a bit simplistic , but you can at least mess about with loops and so on , and get some pretty pictures as a bonus . . .
you could try using anki it is a free spaced repetition app , so it is not exactly a game , but it is a way of learning that is more interactive than just reading . what it does is act like flash cards for your phone , although you can download the flash cards other people have created . there are quite a few programming related " shared decks " that you can download ( with decks being collections of the anki flashcards ) such as python , c , java , c# .
you should try logmein - ignition for android . i find it much faster than vnc when accessing my macbook from my windows pc . i would image it works just as well with android .
i ended up going with teamviewer , but thanks for all the suggestions !
pocketcloud is excellent and free to use for one computer at a time .
call track is a free app that logs your call details into a google calender . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.calltrack
this is a bit roundabout , but it works:- from the call log , click create contact . on the screen for creating a contact , long-tap the phone number field to select it and bring up the special action mode buttons for selected text . click the ' copy ' icon . ( that is the one to the right of the pair of scissors . ) click cancel to cancel creating the contact , and answer ok to the confirmation dialog . switch to the calendar app and create a new event , or edit the event you want to change . long-tap some empty space in the description and click paste . as for why the s3 's phone app does not let you copy the number to the clipboard directly , or share it , only samsung can tell us that .
there is no built-in tool to do this - why would there be ? - but there are several apps available depending on exactly what kind of information you want to show and how you want it displayed . for example , you could do worse than my app showr , which is a home screen widget . you tell it the web address of an image file , or an rss feed with images , and how often to update it , and it updates the image and displays it on your home screen . it is a free download from google play . my users often use it to display information like weather maps and charts , as well as more fun things like webcams , photo blogs , and logos or pictures of things or people they like . you might also use home screen widgets for other kinds of information . for example , if the events you want to display are in a google calendar ( or can be imported into it from an ical file or similar ) , then the google calendar app can display upcoming events in a list on the home screen . there is quite a few task list apps too , and they usually have home screen widgets and push capabilities , so if you add or complete a task from your phone , the list on the wall updates automatically . remember the milk is one such , which i use , but you have to pay a subscription for unlimited syncing .
i use bittorrent sync a cross platform sync program using the p2p protocol . the files will only exist on your devices unless you set up a cloud based service to watch your file ( s ) /folder ( s ) . send and receive files of any size on any network , encrypted and visible to anyone whom you share the private key ( s ) .
on some mtk65xx device , the bin4ry script failed to reboot the device after the first step . so , you have to do that manually . so , right after this line appear " successful , going to reboot your device in 10 seconds ! " wait until the restore data closes , then reboot i have the same problem with my local branded tablet , and manual reboot solved the problem , and the script proceed to step 2 and finished the rooting process .
it call the last number used in or out , its supposed to be a quick reconnect after a dropped call . . . the the bt is supposed to be hands free , so using the phone to select a call is none hands free ! you should be able to double tap the button and get a voice recognition control , with various occasionally funny results
this is probably determined by your particular headset , not your phone . i have two different headsets and the call button does two completely different things when pressed .
download facebook contact sync . i had this same problem and found this tool . its not foolproof as the name in your contacts has to pretty much exactly match what they have in fb as their name . so people using weird names so they can not be found will not allow them to sync . otherwise it works well .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
one has to delete the gallery user settings get the choice for the import back .
since you bought your phone from kuwait , the phone has the kuwait galaxy note 2 rom , and still now the 4.3 update has not been pushed out in kuwait or the middle east region for both the note 2 and s3 . but for the indian rom 4.3 has already been pushed out for both the phones . my brother had the same problem with his s3 and since i have some knowledge in rooting and rom flashing on an android phone i flashed it with the indian rom . the suggestion i can give to you is wait for the update , when samsung pushes out the update in kuwait your phone will get updated . if you know how to root or flash custom rom on android phone you can flash it with the indian rom just go and download the rom from here http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/3/?download=25232 and follow the instructions . for more information you can look here - http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/update-galaxy-note-2-lte-n7105-official-android-4-3-xxueml3-firmware-how-1429969 just use the rom from the sammobile site . remember if you do not know what i am talking about please do not try to do this you can brick ( destroy ) your phone for good .
install any recovery like crm or twrp . . . . search for " room original del huawei y210d " in youtube . exactly as given . . . . u will see one hd video link in search result . . downlaod the file mentioned in description of the vdo . . . download the rom file mentioned in youtube vdo description wipe the os of ur mobile . wipe cache . . and others . keep downloaded zip file in sd card . install using recovery . . . . enjoy . . . .
best option is to request the desktop website on your google chrome browser . ( make sure you have the check box checked on your browser setting . just tap the menu button to the left of your home button on your phone ) . now go to google.com/imghp and you have the look and feel of the website like you had expect it on your computer .
google seems to block some webbrowsers/versions from search with image . if you change useragent string in your browser settings to firefox/4 ( or anything more than 3 ) google show you the camera-icon so you can search with a image again like was possible before . ( firefox have this setting under general . useragent . extra . firefox in about:config your phones browser might have it somewhere else )
have you tried using google goggles instead ? this is google 's app for doing a reverse image search using a camera . make sure to enable Search from Camera . you can also use an existing picture in your gallery . open settings ( circle button at lower right ) , then click the icon that looks like a mountain with an arrow ( 2nd button from left ) .
pop is primarily a client-based protocol , meaning that the default behavior is for each client ( your phone in this case , perhaps outlook on a pc at home ) to download messages from the server . this means that the first client that connects to your account with take all email messages it sees . then , subsequent checks by other clients will not be able to find anything on the server because all those new messages are now stored only in the first client . pop clients can be configured to " leave a copy of messages on the server , " which is highly recommended if you want to use pop on multiple clients/devices . this sounds like you have got one or more clients connecting to your account that are not set to " leave a copy of messages on the server , " which means they are stealing messages out from under your phone . from your phone , this would look like they are disappearing . the easiest way to test this is to change your email account 's password , then only put that updated password in your account on your phone . if the mail stops " deleting " then you can use a process of elimination to identify the culprit client .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
consider using sqlite browser : if you can get to the phone 's internal storage from your pc , try finding the . sql files . with the code stored . well , provided its a numeric code ; if its a swipe patter , you are s.o.l. and have to do a reset of the phone .
latify in the play store does the trick .
yes , this is the correct and official way of flashing be aware though , that no matter which way you flash , you can still break your phone for example , you are in the middle of flashing your device , and the usb lead comes out - bricked device . or you are flashing , and you have a powercut - bricked device . so , the moral is that there is no completely 100% safe way of flashing a device .
htc does not have a data one for that ? they used to . i believe curvefish has one on the market . i think it is apn onoff . or search for other apn widgets .
you actually can enable both of those features while in airplane mode . they get turned off automatically when you first enable airplane mode , but there is nothing that prevents you from re-enabling them :
i am not sure if it worked this way back when you asked the question , but this can be done without an addon . change firefox settings to tap-to-play plugins if not already set . then click the video link to open the file . firefox will not play the video if tap-to-play is set to on . instead of tapping to play , long-tap the video placeholder until you are presented with a menu which will include an entry to download the file .
download a downloader ( download manager ) app like adownloder . long press on the video url in browser and select " share " from the context menu . then select share with adownloader ( or any other downloader app that you install ) . this should start downloading using the download manager app . this may not always work as some sites do not let you download videos . give it a try . edit as of december 2012 , i do not see any way to get something like " save link as " option in firefox for android . however , in some cases clicking on a video link automatically starts downloading the video , but in most cases it starts playing them . best you can do is to request firefox to add this feature . meanwhile , you can try a download utility as i mentioned earlier or use an alternative browser that has this feature for your video downloads .
on android you have to add this feature via an addon . after installing the save link option will appear as on a desktop firefox . https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/android/addon/save-link-menus/?src=search
did you try chrome browser . it has the save link option in long press menu .
please reboot your device . once you have rebooted , the music will show up in your music app . when you boot , android searched all sd cards for media , and then adds it to the media database , so that media apps can use it . please reboot , and the music will then show in your music player . if you have already rebooted , then please clear the data for the following apps : media storage music ( or music player , or media player ) if that still does not work , then copy the music direct to the music folder of the sd card that is in your device . final thing - android does not support all music formats . if the file is in a format android does not support , then it will not show in the music app .
as i said in my comment , you should be able to flash using odin . i am not sure it works through a vm though , so perhaps you might have better luck with heimdall . basically , you need to get the appropriate firmware for your device from here ( signup required ) . then , shut down your device and boot it while holding volume down + power . once the tablet enters download mode , connect it to a pc . if using odin , the file you downloaded goes into the pda box . i am not too sure about heimdall , but it looks like the downloaded file goes into the " heimdall firmware package " box . then click " start " in odin and wait for your device to reboot . at this point , the tablet should boot into android .
i have been looking for the answer to this question since i read it a year ago . i searched several times and i always find the same question in many forums , but no answers . the only certainty is that it is not a bug of android as such because it only happens for users of the htc brand , but i have never found anything productive that comes out of htc staff in this regard . this question was asked over a year ago and still there is no answer , so i would like to be the first to give an answer , even if it is a guess . what i can conclude from the comments on this and other forums is that " alicia han " is a placeholder for contact name which the htc developers put to be replaced for real contact data when you receive a call ( in the same way this placeholder could be " john doe " in english or " fulano de tal " in spanish ) , although it seems feasible according to the comment of @qdoe ( being htc a chinese corporation ) , i do not know how random can be that choice of name , it could be even a co-worker 's name as suggesteded by @propeller , or maybe it is only to sound less chinese , given that " alice " is a western name . the problem is that , likely due to a bug in programming such functionality , the placeholder is shown instead the real data when lockscreen is active , or when hanging up an incoming call . probably by this time the bug has already been fixed , that is why htc offers free " repair " of the phone , as happened to @siebe .
install gps status and toolbox . then go to the app 's settings &gt; gps sensors &gt; auto-download AGPS data , and set it to whatever you like . it also has a pro key , which unlocks other features . the main goal for the application is to assist you and all the other applications on your device to get a gps lock as fast as possible . it is much better to know what is happening inside your phone than staring cluelessly on a blinking notificaion icon and hoping that it will stop blinking sooner or later . ( some people just simply enjoy watching all the raw data ; ) steps to follow if you have a non-locking gps , from their faq : menu / tools / manage agps state . select ' reset ' to clear the internal state of the gps . select ' download ' to re-download the assistance data . you will need an active internet connection at this step . close the gps status application for 10 seconds . go outside and find a spot where large part of the sky is visible . make sure you have the ' keep the screen on ' settings turned on ( in menu / settings / display and tools ' . let the program run and try to acquire your gps position for at least 15 minutes . notes : if the above steps do not resolve the gps issue then you most likely have a hardware problem with the phone . certain phone cases block the gps signal ( remove the phone from it , if you are not sure . ) certain windshields may block the gps signal inside cars ( those that have metallic coating to keep the heat out . ) certain phones ( usually cdma ) turn off the gps chip if you put the phone into flight mode . if you travel a long distance without turning on the gps ( i.e. . flight ) you can expect much longer fix times at your destination initially . obviously you cannot expect the gps to work in your basement ! ( yes i am serious ) see if that improves the gps lock .
i have a nexus s running 2.3 and when i go to calendar -> menu -> more -> settings , i see this screen . if you click the default reminder time you have the option of none .
you should be able to change the input method by long pressing on a text box > input method . the menu should give you a list of input methods , select the one that is not swype .
from the home screen , press the menu button and go to language settings , where you will be able to select the default keyboard . you can also change the keyboard by long pressing a text box .
see this related question on our sister site for programming questions , stack overflow
generally its better to get one that matches the brand . however it is the same technology so it may work . ask about the return policy to make sure you can return it in case it does not work . you should be fine , though i cant say with 100% certainty .
be careful - i have tried this this week and was unsuccessful . i bought a samsung galaxy s3/4/note etc mhl cable thinking they were all the same and the micro usb is longer than normal . it would not fit in my nexus 7 or my htc one x .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
the issue was caused by lack of a system application , the application donwloadprovider.apk . the problem was identified by comparing the /system/app directory in two similar devices , and noticing that the application was missing . the solution : copy the application from the working devic e ( a ) to a computer . push via adb the application to the malfunctioning device ( b ) /system/app directory . reboot device b .
please try and clear the app data and cache - this fixed the same issue for me .
you would need to re-calibrate the battery . i would suggest reading the answers on : how frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible ? looking for a consistent answer about battery calibration is there an efficient way to calibrate the battery than using some apps ?
i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can restore them all after you have installed your new rom , and you would not even notice that it was gone .
ok , so i discovered what the issue was . . . it seems that it only works if the app is a system app - i have no idea why , as it works normally on my mum 's phone running android 2.3.7 . it must either be an android 4.1.3 feature , or a cyanogenmod feature . i will investigate further however . edit : this was not actually the issue . it turns out it was a development issue , as apps needed to be opened first ( on android 3.1+ ) before the receivers would register .
a lot of the secret codes are either carrier specific or rom specific . an example , i bought my son an htc evo 4g ( from swappa ) and called sprint to activate it . they had me enter one of the secret codes and it should have launched a window that would ask for a pin . but it did not . the reason was because the phone that i bought was running cm7 . in order to activate i had to enter this code . but in order to enter the code , i had to have the stock htc sense rom installed on the device . i found a flashable version of the sense rom , flashed it , called back sprint and entered the secret code . everything worked as expected . then after the device was registered with sprint i flashed cm7 back on the device .
find the data files for you applications and then upload to something like google drive or dropbox . once you have upgraded , download the files .
this post on android police basically says they will be offering accounts soon to the star wars game to backup data .
on ubuntu , your device needs to be manually identified to the udev system : as root : create or edit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="0502\u2033, MODE="0666"  then : # chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules # restart udev udev start/running, process 3793  this works for my sidekick on my ubuntu 10.04 system .
im not able to mount but adb push/pull works . . . see this thread http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
i have heard good things about tasker . i wonder if it can help ?
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
the notification flash settings are supposed to enable/disable flashing the led on the front of the handset for events such as receiving an email or sms . if your handset has no led ( my htc desire does , my zte blade does not ) it has no efect but the option is usually still present as it is a stock option .
your carrier determine a social network by his hostname or ip as said in comment , not with a specific application . but there is sometimes where this feature does not work with apps ( some apps use proxy , do not know if this is the case for facebook or twitter . . . ) . an other case is this only work on the carrier 's website ( if they provide social network functions directly on their site ) , but it would be said on your carrier 's offer . anyway this is only determined by the ip or hostname . you can not do that by designate an app with a certain programming function . . .
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
the default download location is /sdcard/download , i do not know if it is different for wallpaper . the current image used as wallpaper is stored in /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper .
myweigth is a promising app for that purpose , but not yet released to android . myweight puts the retina display to work with beatuiful hi-resolution graphics . interactive controls and dials will have you looking forward to tracking your weight each day . our elegant sync feature will guarantee your data is safe and accessable anywhere . available now in the itunes app store and soon to the android market .
weigh weight lite did the trick for me .
fatsecret has a calorie counter app that keeps track of your weight . you can also use it to keep track of calories consumed and exercise on a daily basis . information can be backed up to the fatsecret site online if you choose to do so .
see this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/lifetracking/com.lifetracking lifetracking application allows you to track any value that is important to you like your weight , blood pressure , or number of pushups you do a day , as well as any time-consuming activities like sleeping , working , watching tv , etc . you can also graph the data to see it visually and use the application to analyze it . the goal of the application is to help you know yourself and your schedule better . hopefully , when you graph things side-by-side you will understand yourself and your life bette
why are you choosing to distribute via an sd card ? you can use something akin to phonegap , and pack it into an apk . it is still static files locally , and still being run by the local webrenderer . this is a bit of an alternative solution + comment - . -
if you can install an app from the play store without infringing on your contract , then get task bomb . launch the app and tap tasks tap the white plus in the top-right corner select view for action type tap data , then tap your file manager in the popup browse to the root of your site and tap the index page for activity , select whichever app you want to use to open it now that you have created the task , you have to add a homescreen shortcut go to your homescreen and drop the quick launch shortcut to your homescreen select your task from the list , name it anything , and you are good to go !
as suggested by t0mm13b in his comment on your question , a shortcut on the desktop is the easiest way . this requires you to first open the page with your browser , and create a bookmark for it ( you will see later why this step is required ) . as you stated not to be able to add the shortcut in the usual way , here comes an alternative approach : some tablets come with a launcher that only offers wallpaper settings on long press ( i have some of those as well ) . in this case , oben the app drawer ( where you can find all your apps ) , and switch to the " widgets " tab ( usually by swiping the page from right to left ) . you will see the word " widgets " highlighted on top . now look out for the " bookmarks " widget . you may be offered multiple of them , from "1x1" to "4x4" ( the numbers here specify the size the widget will consume on your screen ) . you can play with them to find the one suiting you best . long-press it , and the drawer behind it will " fade out " -- instead your homescreen ( s ) will display . drop the widget where you want to have it . now it will ask you for which bookmark you want to use for the widget . chose the bookmark you created in your browser at the beginning . now the widget should be created on your homescreen .
this depends on your device . sone android devices have usb ports that can work in host mode or support usb otg . these devices can at least have read access to the usb drives , some can even use them as full mounts . one app that allows read access on a lot of devices is nexus media importer . you can use it to browse media and copy files to internal storage .
go to settings - apps , find skype in list of installed apps and click on clear data button and clear cache . also i need some explanations about the cases where history was resurrecting . for example , this can be because parallel client was holding history . . . skype archives your chats for you and stores them locally on your computer ( or device ) , if you have enabled this option . chat histories are not stored anywhere on the skype network . source
it seems like it fixed by itself . . . now can see the full size picture in my post on google + without doing anything more . my guess is : it uploaded a sample sized version of the picture in order to share my post instantaneously while the full picture was still uploading . . . anymore informations on this from anyone would be nice . thanks : )
the website is fraudulent . if you try to download the app , it gets you to " answer product surveys " ( that is , it is a cost-per-action scam ) , and then installs software on your pc . if there even is an android app at the end of it , it is almost certainly malware . think about it . why would apple give access to their closed chat system to some no-marks app that is not even on google play , when they do not give access to reputable software vendors ? why is not there any corporate information ( the name of the company , their address , or even the country they operate from ) on the download page ?
did you have lookout or another security app installed ? most of them have remote-wipe features . if you did not , there is also lookout 's plan b from google play . i do not think plan b allows remote wipe , but even still , it is likely your best bet .
if you want to watch videos that are located on an android phone or tablet , the localcast media 2 chromecast app will stream videos from your device to chromecast . note that not all formats are supported and that the performance depends on the device ( may be slow if old ) and on the wifi connection .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
as per oxford : top grossing means earning more money than other similar things or people . but as per google app store it may refer to : top-grossing = sum of all revenue generated from the purchase of the app + sum of all in-app purchases it also means that app listed in top grossing lists holds people 's attention for the most time . so even if an app is free but still if it is getting downloaded the most then it will feature in this list . also many of the free versions apps like angry birds , cut the rope etc . provide in app purchase ability i.e. you do not need to bye a paid version but to access more features you have to pay some amounts which ultimately boost 's apps revenue and ranks app higher in list .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
i had the same problem and this is what i did . . . start at your home screen and swipe down from the top to display your notifications . at the top right , tap the gear/wheel ( which is settings ) . then , tap accounts . next , email . if you have more than one email on this app , you have to do the following for each email address--i have two on mine . you will have a screen that has an accounts heading and common settings heading . tap settings , then , on the next screen , tap the email you would like to adjust . sync settings will come up . check the email notifications box and then select a ring tone that will not make you crazy every time you hear it ! lol ! and that should do it ! p.s. you can also change your signature here as well , to personalize your outgoing messages by tapping signature and turning that function on . . : )
with mine , i had to sync my facebook account with the phone , and the email app started working again .
click on the button next to the gear that opens settings in the pull down menu and make sure that " sync " has been highlighted . this should fix it .
found these instructions to install powermanagerpro into /system/app , just modified them a little . ( note : first install the app into /data/app , like you would any app , and you need a rooted device . ) open a terminal emulator app and execute the following command to copy the application to the sdcard : su cp /data/app/ your . apk /sdcard/ your . apk if you can not find the application in /data/app try /data/apps-private/ . then , un-install your app from the device . execute the following commands in the terminal emulator to remount the /system directory as read/write and to install the application into the /system/app directory : su mount -o remount , rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app if you prefer to use adb from your computer , execute these commands : adb remount adb shell cp /sdcard/ your . apk /system/app
if you do not have root to follow the manual install procedure demizey describes , then the app must be signed with the same key that the rom is signed with ; that is to say , the same key that the existing system apps are signed with . this is a security precaution : otherwise , anyone could write an app that would run with full system access on any device .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
i use " autoit " make script and auto convert ( print ) to pdf .
for cm9: get shell , get root , " setprop net . hostname whateveryouwant " for a temporary change to test . will reset on reboot . to make this change permanent , you will need to add it to build . prop . add it as a new line " net . hostname=newdevicename " and you are set .
warning : messing with your build.prop file can have serious repercussions to your rom . it is a very ' sensitive ' file and can cause unforseen consequences . doing any of the below is done at your own risk . always make a nandroid backup before messing with a rom . i learned this the hard way , do not do what i did ! this should work , though it depends on cm9: download root explorer for your phone . open root explorer , go to /system , and search Build.prop open with text editor search your baseband and device model do not edit anything except baseband , custom rom and device model . reboot look in settings → about edit : here is an alternative method for doing the same using es file explorer . i have not tested this myself , but it has more detail for a beginner . see xda developers forum . edit 2: build . prop editor is an app to modify your build.prop directly . i have not tested this either so use at your own risk . link to source code in the description in the play store .
use this application . do the same things but safe . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.model.phonemodelchangerhl=en
for the most part , sure . i just put my galaxy nexus ( android 4.2.2 ) into airplane mode and tried to compose an email message with speech-to-text . it worked , but it was slo-o-o-o-w . and not as accurate as i would like . if you go into Settings &gt; Language &amp; input &gt; Google voice typing (settings) you can set which languages are downloaded to your device for speech-to-text . english is my default ( and is already downloaded ) but i see about 20 other files i can download . however , whether you can do this or how well it works depends a lot ( i think ) on your device and the version of the os you are running .
had the same problem with text to speech on my galaxy tab gt-p7500 . i resolved the problem by disabling accesability under settings on my device . the accesabilty fuction hinders/allows application to interact with you device . so when i would like to read text and would like to listen to it read out aloud then enables accesability . hope this have helped .
check your settings for Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Install web scripts and make sure that it is turned off . for jellybean settings > accessibility > vision > " enhance web accessibility " -set to " do not allow " this fixed my issue , guess i should stop playing with 500 settings at one time . also try settings> accessibility> hearing> turn off all sounds checkbox
turn off car mode / driving mode , maybe . perhaps in ics - it is under android 's settings > voice input and output
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
there is a way to solve your issue . turn on imap from gmail 's settings and then add it as an imap account in android 's default email app or k-9 mail ( etc . ) . then the play store can not see it .
to answer the original question , according to google 's official post , maps on the phone take real time traffic conditions into account when calculating directions . this could explain the discrepancies between the directions you found via pc earlier . the bug you are describing could be a side-effect of this , when navigation is trying to be too smart for its own good , and the route from web is confusing the computation of real-time directions . i would submit this as a bug report to google .
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
my first thought was the same as al everett 's answer but if you , for some reason , do not have that setting , you can achieve it through tasker . new profile -> event -> hardware -> choose the button event you had like -> done + button on the left bottom corner to add a task phone -> end call -> done and you are ready to go ; )
Settings | Accessibility | Power button ends call during a call , pressing power ends call instead of turning off screen .
having a similar issues on a nexus 7 2012 , from last few days . was working fine since i had bought it in october . i am still facing this issue as i write , after going through various forums , trying the following of workarounds : changing the channel to less crowded ones , although my galaxy s never had a problem with the same router since last 3.5 years turn off wifi , restart , enable wifi . one notable change i did was to remove the sim ( this is is wifi + 3g model ) , just wondering if that caused any issue . the only reason i removed the sim was because it was constantly prompting to restart the device ! ! !
looks like it is related to " wi-fi optimization " option under " advanced " setting in wi-fi screen . by turning it off i can consistently find the wifi ap i was looking for . once it is connected i can turn it on again without negative consequences . edit : nevermind , looks like it only help some of the time , there are still times when the device cannot find the ap every other device has no problem discovering and connecting to . . .
this app could do the trick : bluetooth music player free you need to install it on both android devices and pair them . then put the tablet in ListenMUSIC over Blueetooth mode and the the phone in shareMUSIC over Bluetooth mode .
you can use back up and restore to manually and multi select all the sms 's you want to delete .
have you tried backupsms . it claims to remove duplicates . i have not tried it personally . make sure you take backup before trying it .
sorry , as far as i am aware , there is no way to do this . the speaker is highly ingrained into the hardware , and it would be highly difficult to get this to work - never mind that it could be impossible . it could be possible , but it would require loads of hard work - including rewiring , and possibly some soldering - and your device may not survive . proceed at your own risk , but i would say that it is not possible .
on the nexus 7 there is not a separate menu option for " reboot into safe mode " . you have to long press on " power off " and then the safe mode dialog appears . i would try that , since i imagine it would work the same way if the gnex supports it .
i do not think there is a way to find out directly . the only thing i can think of is check the log files and hope there is a mention of https , however this is not likely to be very succesful . reverse engineer the app and look at the source code but to understand what your looking for you will want to have some android programming experience .
if you control the network , you can use shark for root to check whether the apps open port 80 ( default port for http ) or port 443 ( default port for https ) . iirc , wireshark can also read http headers . if you do not want to root your phone , and you are on a wifi network that you owned ; you can use wireshark/firesheep to snoop on the traffic of the android device from your laptop .
you can try apps like tasker and locale for this . they are paid app though .
you can try my app homeprofile , too . it changes your sound profile when your device connects with a specific wifi or when it is disconnected from it .
the free app android llama can do this . best of all it is not required to use the energy-expensive gps-receiver but can do the same also with " wlan-ids-in-reach " and " cell-phone-masts-in-reach " as alternative .
as there is no response anymore from the op , a short summary from the comments for possible solutions : this issue can have multiple reasons : broken/damaged sd card trouble with the file system on the card ( damaged or simply not existing ) , or with the partition table broken/damaged sd card slot incompatible sd card specs ( speed , class , brand , . . . ) these are the things you should try best in the order of their listing : put the card into a card reader , and attach it to your computer . see if it is recognized and readable . if it is readable and working fine on the computer , this elmininates reasons 1-2 from above , leaving you with reason 3-4 . continue with 2 . if the computer claims errors , these are most likely the same keeping the card from working on your android device . check what the errors are , and take appropriate actions . skip to 3 . check a different card with your android device ( either you have another one around , or a friend might borrow you one to check with ) . if that card works fine , it eliminates reason #3 . as you already eliminated #1 and #2 above , this leaves you with #4 -- buy a new card ( by now you know at least one working brand/class/size combination -- from the card succeeding here ) , no more checks needed . if no other card seems to work , that almost eliminates reason #4 ( though you will not be able to check all combinations of brand/class/size , it is unlikely to have tried 5 different combinations and none is working ) , which leaves you with reason #3 -- a case for the service station . either get your device repaired , buy a new device , or live without a sd card available . if you got here , you obviously have some trouble with the card itself which might be solveable . so here are several things you could try to get it working ( again ) . consider all data lost which have been on the card ( data recovery is a different issue , but if needed , it should take place before you apply any of the below steps ! ) . stop whenever one of the following steps brought you success : try formatting the card from within your device try the same from the computer it might be needed to fix the partitions . with a custum recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) on your device , this can be done from there -- otherwise you might need to do it from your computer . that done , format it again check different file systems . fat16/32 should always work , when in doubt that should be a nearly complete how-to-fix-it . if i forgot something , feel free to mention it : ) tl ; dr -- short variant :
android has a very limited implementation of linux shell functions . busybox utility expands on the selection somewhat , although it is still not a full linux set . it can be installed on most rooted android devices . specifically for ls , only the following options are available via busybox : the characters allowed in file names on android are no different from those allowed in other linux-based systems . as always , it depends on the filesystem .
you can use wild card characters for these cases . use * for multiple characters and ? for single characters . ls lib* will find files that begin with lib .
applications do not have to care where the storage is . they just ask the android system to give them a " pointer " to it . there are specific api calls for this , like getExternalStorageDirectory() . for details , you might check on our sister site : get the right external storage from android devices .
igcamera you can select the audio source that you wish with this app . more info : http://davidhadaller.com/note/2012/jun/02/android-alternate-camera-apps-and-using-bluetooth-audio-input-video
after getting no response from the vendor i returned the device to the store . the replacement did not exhibit this behavior and seems to be working correctly .
this is what i would do myself , and in that order : modify the way you authenticate to the wifi access point . removing temporarily any kind of encryption . if this fix your problem ---> your phone most likely does not handle some advanced kind of wpa2 or something like that . look for an issue in the configuration of the access point itself . look for mac address filtering for example . finally as a last resort , use command line tools like " adb debug on your phone to read what is happening to your wireless driver on the phone .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
android does not natively support pure ipsec client to connect to cisco like vpn concentrators . for that first you need to root your device and install any custom rom with tun kernel module support and install this app http://code.google.com/p/get-a-robot-vpnc/ configuration to be used is , connection name : cisco ( can be anything ) ip sec gateway : get it from vpn profile config file [ * . pcf ] ip sec id : this is the groupname , can found in pcf file ip sec secret : decrypted group password ( encrypted password can be found in pcf file ) decryption tool username : vpn user id password : soft token generated password . leave all other configuration as empty or default .
with a " really old " cisco vpn concentrator , there are pretty good odds that you can get by with a pptp tunnel . especially if you are relying on the native windows client from desktop/laptops ( xp ? ) . however , with exchange in the mix you may not need to establish a vpn . my new employer runs exchange and i am using the " mail " app to connect to it with no fuss or muss . it " just worked " after i plugged in the external mail server address (mail.mycompany.com) and my domain creds .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex – but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
unfortunately this is a common problem for all xperia j users , including myself . i have installed many recommended apps for moving stuff from internal to external sd card but after doing this , pictures , music , videos etc i have moved cannot be played/viewed meaning you have to move them back in order for them to be viewed/ played again , however adter moving them back my files still did not work . i have not yet come across the answer to solving this problem but i can recommend not downloading apps that move stuff to sd card as they will not work , just clear your cache as much as possible to relieve it of some memory . hope this helps a little bit
this is supported in stock android . settings -> languages and input -> android keyboard ( settings icon ) -> advanced settings -> custom input styles -> add style -> set language and layout then to activate this style , go back to the keyboard settings and go to the input languages and uncheck " use system language " then check the languages you want . :- )
i believe it is possible . choose the layout from settings > language and input and the settings button on the side of the android keyboard . you might also try long-pressing the space bar on the keyboard . this page does mention that jelly bean has in-built support for dvorak .
just wanted to thank dean for his answer . " google services " was draining my battery like crazy as well , and after turning off a bunch of google account sync options - including " sync internet " - my s3 's battery life has noticeably improved . i now only sync email , calendar , and contacts . ( i also outright disabled the google search app , though , which includes google now , so that could be playing a part as well . )
after trawling through all manner of options i isolated the root cause of this issue . within google account sync i had a look at all available settings and the one that seemed to be causing an issue was ' sync internet ' option which was just constantly running ( and appearing to be keeping the phone awake . switching this off has got back my battery back to normal . i still have no idea why my phone was trying to sync the entire internet :- )
300mb are the absolute maximum you can get without having an ext4 partition on the sd card as a replacement . having a look at http://alpharev.nl/ you see that there is only a 330mb partition left , however none of my preferred roms fit that . it is made for some special rom called oxygen which i did not like . with custom cm9/cm10 builds however i had to switch back to bravo stock again and i set up an external ext4 1gb partition on my sd card . those 1024mb are far better than having 30mb more ( 330mb instead of close to 300mb ) .
it could be your provider . in the netherlands , t-mobile has an option ( or at least had , i do not remember seeing it lately ) to scale-down images in their proxy . as all your requests can go trough their " image " proxy at a click of a button ( probably something to do with your apn , most likely server side even ? ) . . . so it might not even have anything to do with android . . it might be , but i do not remember if it was in my case , the web ' n ' walk accelerator there is some google hits on that , though most of them semi-old . on this link some tips on how to fix it with that webnwalk stuff , probably not what you are looking for , but also some hints on how to send an " always reload " message to the proxy . maybe that helps . otherwise you might need to google some on tmobile and proxy/accelerator .
the question is too general and there are not enough details to suggest a solution , it seems more likely to be a hardware problem . get your phone checked from a micromax service centre . ps : if you use a screen guard , it might be partially blocking the proximity sensor .
the solution is called reverse tethering , and it can be done with several apps , like connectify . you can find a quick introduction to it here .
restoring factory defaults without deleting any apps or data is a contradiction in terms , as that is exactly what the reset does ( see : factory-reset ) . could it be you just want your app to survive , but do not care about everything else being reset ? that could be done by making the app a system app ( see : system-apps ) , which requires the device to be rooted ( see : rooting , root ) in the first place . apart from that , the answer is " no " . as soon as your customer applies a factory-reset , your app will be removed as well .
you can have a look at this app
option 1 ( no data at all ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> uncheck " mobile data " the device will no longer connect to the internet , but continue to receive calls and text . mms are not possible . option 2 ( data only for mms ) ( source ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> access point names --> select your data apn --> apn type remove in the field apn type everything but " mms " . you have to leave " mobile data " enabled ( see option 1 )
try installing titanium backup and use its " manage android id " function to update your device id and " market doctor " to relink apps to the market
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
you are looking for fotakill . apk , it kills the firmware over the air ( fota ) . " prevents googleservicesframework from downloading ota updates " it is a fairly standard apk used and provided with some gapps packages ( google apps package , when you install a custom rom you do not get the google apps , need to install a gapps package ) . . it works for both stock and rooted roms the xda forums have more information about it and download links of the apk , it originated from the cm rom ( cyanogenmod ) but works on stock as well as custom roms . source code : https://github.com/zinx/fotakill download etc for example from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1832496
go into settings -> accessibility -> uncheck the checbox power button ends call . now during call , when you press the power button , the screen locks ; pin/pattern/password screen appears . i have tested on my device but not on nexus 5 . have to do in emulator .
according to this thread google talk will attempt to connect over port 80 if it is other ports are blocked . google talk will work over port 80 . if you are using the official client , it will even switch to trying 80 if the normal port ( 5222 ) is blocked . that said , if your employer is blocking talk . google . com instead of port 5222 , you will probably find yourself up a creek . : ) sounds like your best bet is to stop using their wi-fi and use 3g for connection to google talk .
google talk on the android phone only tries port 5222 and if it fails it will not try port 80 ( as the specification requires ) . but there is another answer : imo ( available on google play ) works over port 80 , so it will work behind a corporate firewall . and it is a really good app .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
a lot of corporate networks block the 5xxx ports . i am not entirely sure what google talk uses as i have read 5222 and 5228 . the google talk client for windows falls back to port 443 if the connection using port 5xxx is unsuccessful . however the android client does not do this . it only tries on port 5xxx . unfortunately at the moment the only solution is to contact your corporate it and ask them to allow access using the 5xxx port .
there are some bugs reported in the xperia p jelly bean update 6.2.A.0.400 . even if it is suggested to perform a factory reset , the problem has not seemed to have fully solved . so your problem will not most probably be fixed until sony releases a new version with bug fixes ( and it might take some time ) note : since you are mainly concerned with your gaming apps , you might need to check the incompatibilities from the google play store .
if you are planning on using the same phone again , you can simply uninstall whatsapp and reinstall it after you add the new number . whatsapp faq says that you will be given an option to restore all the data at the reinstall process . they specifically ask to install the app from their website rather than downloading from google play . ( i could not find any reason for this ) . if you can use the previous number , you will not lose your account or the data . simply login to the app again . on a side note , it is highly advisable to backup your chat history to your sd card as explained in this answer before you attempt anything ( rooting , uninstall , etc . )
the thing with whatsapp is , you need to have a sim card inserted at all times onto your device for it to continue to work . in your case , if you are just going to root the phone and not install any new rom , the following should help : * keep a sim card installed on ur phone at all times * root your phone . * when you turn your phone back on , you still have whatsapp working normally like it did before . ( make sure you have a sim card installed , any sim card will do , not just the one that is associated with your account ) hope this helps .
if the sim card does not work out of the box in your tpt , it is very likely that your us tablet is not compatible with the mobile communication standards used in india . what happens if you put the sim in the tpt ? mobile data usb sticks can not be used with the tpt , afaik .
you may need to manually specify the network and/or apns in Settings-&gt;Wireless and network-&gt;Mobile networks-&gt;Access Point Names - vodafone 's tech support for vodafone should be able to provide these for you . i have to do this when i use my wind mobile sim card in canada on my phone .
i installed them all again . while google play knew my apps , it did not automatically install them again . so pressing install on every app brought them back . about backup , i found that the android sdk has a backup function that backups everything , installed apps as well , next them i use that , maybe this makes reinstallation of apps unnecessary .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
if you are a gamer at all , you might be interested in using something like razor comms ! http://www.razerzone.com/comms it is a free voip program created by razor that will give you an ingame overlay of your communications , including your phone . it also can do this out of game . it has a call forwarding and sms forwarding feature that will allow you to answer calls and respond to text messages while on the computer . even if you are not into games , the voip still works very well .
remote phone call is much more polished for sms to pc . http://www.justremotephone.com/
i former times i have used myphoneexplorer application . it was initially released for sonyericsson but later added android support . you can stablish a bluetooth connection between this app and your phone . website : http://www.fjsoft.at/
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
unfortunately , there is no possible way to do as you described . i recommend the best thing to do is choose a strong pattern , or use a code instead . smudges show up while moving your finger across your screen and anyone can just hold it up to the light to see the pattern and easily get in .
there is no way i am aware of for doing what you want . but why you need the pin unlock , just remove it from settings and stick with the unlock screen , , in this way you will not have your sim locked
is not there a separate option for the " sim card lock " under the system-settings> > security and screen lock tab ? try unchecking that , or resetting your security settings so that when you set up your new settings , you can leave the sim card lock option unchecked . other than that , there are plenty of alternate launchers with their own versions of the screen-lock mechanism ; i would suggest browse through the app-store and see what is available . **i forgot to ask , what android version are you running ? i am referring to jellybean ( 4.1.2 )
samsung kies sucks horribly . the only way i have gotten it to work is to run it in Compatible with Windows XP (Service Pack 3) and running it as a administrator . it should work fine then .
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
on my galaxy s iii at least , you can only change settings for call vibration . however , i believe if you use a 3rd party sms program ( eg : handcent sms , or any other ( mostly free ) apps on the market ) , then you are usually able to set custom vibration themes .
" cell standby " = " background sync " . and if your wifi turns off on screen off , apps will use 3g instead . you might want to check your wifi policy , which is hidden in the " advanced " menu : when in " network and wireless " -> " wifi " , hit the menu button and select " advanced " . here , switch your wifi policy to " always on " -- so it will stay on when the display is switched off , which means no 3g fallback as long as wifi is available . i have read about this issue a couple of times , and many report setting the wifi standby policy as described above largely improves the situation . update : i obviously wrote bullshit here . i left the bullshit in ( but striked it so you can see where i was wrong ) . closer investigation brought me to this : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . so basically my reasoning here was wrong , but luckily the recommendations still match somehow : )
do you have either app moved to the sd card ( using froyo ) ? if yes , then you need to move then back . the apps are not loading when the phone boots , so the phone is reverting to what is currently available on boot ( stock sms/keyboard ) . you have to remember : with cyanogenmod , it will let you move any app to sd card , regardless of whether the app is set to allow you or not . i made a similar mistake with swype .
according to the android dev guide , files written to the internal storage such as the angry birds data cannot be accessed by other applications by default . i am guessing that rovio used mode_world_readable instead of the default , however . maybe this was a mistake or maybe they plan on having future apps being able to read your progress and unlock sometihng , or whatever . of course , this does not bar the possibility that an android exploit is being used to bypass the file privacy , but who really knows besides the author of the backup app ?
matt , contacts groupu is a free app that let 's you create groups and sync w/ gmail groups . i stopped using it months ago because it turned out seperating my contacts was not that impoertant to me afterall . i do recall that it was a little quirky at first which caused some duplicate groups . play around with it and figure out the difference between groupu groups and synced groups before you spend time getting things organized .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
i do not know of any way to do that on the android device directly . but you can create groups within your contacts in gmail , and it will sync down to your device .
go to the htc site and download the official ruu file for the htc one and run it . there should be an explanation on htc 's site or you could ask them to walk you through it . this will fix the security bootloader thing and update your phone .
can not see how to get an individual bookmark with a thumbnail screenshot of the webpage , but there are a couple of similar things you can do with the default browser in ics . in the screenshot above the top row are bookmarks added to the home screen by going into the browser , opening the bookmarks list , long pressing on a bookmark and selecting " add to home screen " . these appear to be the using the site 's " favicon " . the next two rows are the "3x2 bookmarks " widget , that just lists the contents of my browser 's bookmarks folder . add that by opening your apps list , selecting the widgets tab at the top and then long pressing to drag the "3x2 bookmarks " widget to a home screen . it then gives you a chance to pick a folder in your bookmarks to show ( you could create a new folder in bookmarks beforehand and fill that folder with only web pages that you want to show on your home screen ) .
you could also try visual bookmarks , although some users have found that it no longer works for them . ymmv .
try this link - google play apk . try upgrading it later if an update is available . edit : open any browser and go to playstore and try to install any application so that website may prompt to install play store before continuing . ( or ) 1 - there is a chance that you have unknowingly disabled play store permanently in app manager . to re-enable it again just follow menu> settings> apps/app manager> disabled apps and enable it . 2 - you can also use apps like cleanmaster to perform above job .
according to this review , you may need to create playlists in the android 's stock music player app , and micoach will pull those playlists in .
since the sd cards are slower than internal nand memory , by running a rom off the sd you will be sacrificing on the speed . things like booting up and launching apps will be noticeably slower . the class rating of your sd card will play a large role in how much slower your nc will feel when running in such configuration . it is generally recommended to buy at least a class 6 card for this purpose . by running custom roms from the sd card you will be able to easily keep the original manufacturer installed firmware intact . in nook color the sd card is set as a primary boot device , so if it contains a bootable rom image , it will be used instead of whatever is installed on emmc . by just inserting such a card into the microsd slot and turning the nc on , you will be running a custom rom . boot up without this card - and you are back on the emmc rom , be it stock or a different custom one . this can be quite beneficial for quickly testing out new experimental roms ( e . g . honeycomb builds ) without blowing away your main one . although it is possible to multi-boot off emmc without utilizing the sd card at all , it is a lot more complicated to set up and maintain . this involves re-partitioning the internal memory , using a custom boot image , and modifying the start-up scripts for each rom you had like to have installed side-by-side . needless to say , this type of installation is not for a novice .
it happens to my dellxcd too . i think u cant use both bluetooth and wifi in xcd at same time .
there is an application in google play named blade wifi fix ; it will solve your problem .
there is an app here that allows you to do that according to the description ( along with many more things ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androidlosthl=en if you want to code your own application then you will want to check out this intent and the two intents below it ( action_battery_low , action_battery_okay ) : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html#action_battery_changed and this class which has what the intent contains : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/batterymanager.html you could have your application pick up the action_battery_low intent and then send a message to you warning you about the status . i am assuming you have done some android development before , if not then get the basics down before coming back and trying to code your battery app .
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
facebook have just released version 1.4 of their official facebook app for android , this has support for both the new places and groups features ( this is the new groups feature where you can group your friends , not the old groups feature which is a bit like the current pages feature ) . if you have already got the official facebook app installed , then you should be able to update though the market app . otherwise just download it from there !
you can easily achieve the first with llama , a free app ( easier to use than tasker , its location sending works with cell towers ) but for the call recording i think you would need tasker for that ( as call recording is not that easy to achieve on android )
gstrings is an awesome guitar tuning app . it should do exactly what you want . you can have it try to match a specific pitch or you can do " tune auto " to find out what pitch you are currently at .
any guitar tuning app should help . ( there should be some . . or else i will make one . . ; )
try spectral audio analyzer
i made a ( free ) app that shows scanned codes on webpage , allowing easy copy , updated real-time . web barcode
bluetooth barcode scanner wifi barcode scanner
i use kinoni barcode reader pro . a lot of other " send barcode to pc " apps require you to manually setup and configure the server part on your the pc ( mostly vnc ) that receives the barcode . with this one , you just install the app , download their pc setup program and make sure that your phone is connected to the same network as your pc . that is it . although it costs 5€ , you are done in no time and it simply works .
i had a similar problem , for me i had to go into the " profile " i was using " default , silent , work , ect . " , and change the phone setting for vibrate to off .
i found that by opening the local gmail app and navigating menu > more > settings > username@gmail . com > ( uncheck " make priority inbox your default inbox . . . " ) and click on " sync inboxes and labels " and change the option for " priority inbox " to " sync none " . this seems to work for me . however , i just tested it once and i did not get the priority notification so i hope this will help you .
all you need to do is . . . open the gmail app go to settings if you have multiple accounts , click the specific account for which you want change it make sure the priority inbox check box is unchecked . in the same page under the data usage look for a 3rd option manage labels and click that click the 2nd option you ll find " priority inbox " option click on that and uncheck all the options there . . . . now all the features under the priority inbox option will be disabled . . . . . this absolutely worked for me . . . . .
menu button -> more -> settings -> priority inbox . i have it enabled on the web and that option unchecked to disable it in the app . latest gmail v2.3.4.1 .
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
not that i have been able to find . seesmic can be configured to connect to statusnet accounts there is also a dedicated statusnet app for android hootsuite does not currently support statusnet accounts the online client can access statusnet via ping . fm , but not android client . i used the seesmic app for a while , but now i am using hootsuite and the statusnet standalone client . at the time i switched , i thought i could configure hootsuite to do what i wanted . so it goes . . . . .
unckecking the Sync gallery will not remove the albums . just uninstall Facebook application from your phone . this will remove all your facebook albums from the stock gallery . upon reinstalling facebook , do not forget to uncheck Sync gallery . this did the trick for me : )
just in case somebody stumbles upon this question - you do not need to uninstall facebook . just open the gallery , press the menu button and go to " content to display " option . uncheck facebook there . done .
uninstall facebook . then go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Gallery &gt; Clear Data .
flashing the stock image may have erased your backup . however , since the g2 supports an external sd card , i do not think it would have . from the sd card 's root , it should be at ./TWRP/BACKUPS/ . restoring a backup from here using twrp will re-root your device ( if your device was rooted when you made the backup ) . you can also use apps like titanium backup to selectively restore parts of it . . . but titanium backup requires root . you may , however , be able to selectively pull files from the backups - a full backup of your phone 's filesystems .
on a rom supporting this , setting the cpu governor to " performance " will help a lot . this is not a practical solution though as this means that the cpu will always run at its maximum frequency which wastes a lot of energy .
widget locker has an option to reduce that time lag . might work for you . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.widgetlockerfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs50zxnsywnvawxzdy53awrnzxrsb2nrzxiixq . .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
jelly bean easter egg : go to app drawer and open settings , go to bottom and tap about phone repeatedly tap android version 3 times : it should open a screen showing your current wallpaper and a red jelly bean ( this step is optional ) tap the red jelly bean once and it will change to a smiling jelly bean android head , and the screen will show the text android &lt ; 4 . x version> jelly bean that screen is the jelly bean easter egg . but do not close it : it has to be open to enable the . . . android 4.2 hidden daydream : tap and hold down on the red jelly bean for about 1 sec . you will see an animated screen with lots of colorful jelly beans and smiling jelly beans , which you can play with , pushing ( "flinging" ) them off the screen . in that moment the hidden feature will be enabled : that animated screen is known as beanflinger and from now on it will be available ( with black background , though ) to be selected as one of the daydreams . the daydreams are an android 4.2 new feature , consisting of screensaver apps that can run when your phone or tablet is docked or charging ( more info about daydream ) . enable developer options ( if you enabled them , but you want to revert this process , see note 3 ) go to app drawer and open settings go to bottom and tap about phone tap repeatedly build number 7 times . starting at 3rd tap , you will see a toast saying You are now X steps away from being a developer. after 7th tap , you should get a toast saying : You are now a developer! ( if you keep tapping build number , the toast will change to : No need, you are already a developer. ) the above steps enable the developer options screen , disabled by default in 4.2 ( more info ) . from now on , you will see the developer options in settings screen . notes : tapping the android version in about phone screen 4 times will do the trick too , showing directly the smiling jelly bean . in christmas season , along with the jelly beans , you will may see a wandering candy cane ! it works in both beanflinger easter egg ( left image ) and beanflinger daydream ( right image ) . if you do not need developer options you can either turn off the switch in that screen ( left image ) or clear data from settings app ( Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Settings ) if what you want is to completely remove the developer options entry from settings screen ( right image ) . all of the above work in android jellybean 4.3 and android kitkat 4.4 . x too
in the google+ app , tap the " hamburger " menu in the upper left . it should show your cover image , your profile image and name , and a menu of options : home , people , photos , etc . tap the downpointing arrow next to your name . you will probably 1 see an option to " select google+ page " with a right-pointing arrow . tap that . now you should see your page ( s ) available in a menu . tap it . you are now using google+ " as " that page . to go back to your personal profile , follow the same steps , but choose your profile where before you chose your page . 1 if you have done this before , then the page you used before will be listed here along with " switch google+ page " ( if you have more than one page to manage ) . this also assumes that your google+ account is set as a manager/owner of the page in question .
you already figured it out : when you write an android app , you can do operations which requires permissions . the complete list is the link you have given : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/manifest.permission.html . most of the permissions listed are very explicit for developpers , but for the user , some can sound mysterious . to take your example , the read_phone_state permission is mostly used to have access to the phone id . it allows developpers to know how many users ( phones ) they have . but this permissions also let us know if you are receiving a call or not to react in consequence ( if it is a music application : reduce the volume ) , and things like that . but , for 2 different android apps , you can see the same permissions with 2 different uses of it . for large permission as write_external_storage ( to write on sd card ) , one can just write its settings files , the other can put a malware script on it . . . the only way to know exactly what an app does with the permissions , is to see the code . but , in most case , if it is a non-open-source app , you can not . . . i hope i answer your question . if not , i will try to give details with your more precise question . regards
the best resource i found so far : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/
it is possible to use android handsets as a sip phone . there is not even a requirement for a call/data plan , you do not need a sim inserted for it to work . search for sip on google play and you will find some : csipsimple sipdroid to clarify : you most probably mixed something up , a sip ata is an analog telephone adapter , a device that speaks sip on the one an pots on the other side and converts an old telephone into a sip phone . android phones will not do that , they are a handset on their own and have no pots interface . bluetooth will also not help you to connect to asterisk . asterisk is a sip server and does not allow android handsets to pair via bluetooth for calls ( that is solely for using bluetooth enabled phones as fx0/fxs channels for faxing/making calls ) .
there is a sip client built right into your phone ( gingerbread and above ) . you can find this either in general settings , or in settings for the phone dialer app . e.g. in jellybean : go to the phone dialer page ( as if you were going to make a call ) choose the menu ( bottom right vertical " . . . " ) tap settings scroll down to " accounts " and tap it . enter your sip account info . simple as that ! depending on what sip service you are connecting to , you may find yourself in the world of codecs . the built-in dialer will try to use the following codecs : gsm-efr amr gsm g711u g711a if you are using regular an asterisk-based sip server , then it will mostly likely end up using g711 ( aka ulaw ) . i am still experimenting , but so far i have had more luck with gsm and was able to tweak my asterisk server to use that instead . if you are using a 3rd party service , then chances are they have enabled gsm already . that said , i did use csipsimple to get as far as i did . it allows easy selection of which codecs will be used when ( wifi vs 3/4g ) , so it made debugging much simpler . ( btw , their store version is quite old at the time i am writing this . you can also download daily builds and try those . )
gcalbirthdays is what you are looking for . it comes as a google calendar sidebar gadget and reads your contacts birthdays in one of your google calendars which you can then sync to your android phone .
is this still a problem ? i see birthdays from contacts in calendar . i add birthdays to my contacts in gmail , and i subscribed to the " contacts ' birthdays and events " in google calendar : under " other calendars " add > browse select " interesting calendars " select " contacts ' birthdays and events " this gives me a calendar in google calendar with my contact 's birthdays . when i got my android ( a motorola xt720 running eclair ) , the birthday calendar showed in the calendar app . you will probably have to open the calendar app > menu > my calendars . and then menu > add calendars . you should see contacts ' birthdays and events .
i have tried go contacts and go dialer and it seems really handy with useful features and beautiful look ! p . s i wanted to post a comment but i do not have adequate permission for " comment everywhere " right now !
google play music has two modes , one of which displays the album art fairly small ( about 1/8 of the display ) . it does not really use the space to give the title and the artist more prominence , though . on the other hand , instead of a blank square it uses auto-generated album art that consists of album and artist name and a solid coloured area .
found this page while trying to solve the same problem on my nexus 5 . here is the succinct answer that worked for me : you need root and to install an app called sd maid ( play store link ) , run it is " corpsefinder " function , remove the corpses , and reboot . force closes and 960 errors stopped for me after doing this . i elaborate more here on this thread on androidforums.com. hope this helps !
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
to transfer data from desktop to an emulator 's sdcard on linux do this : create the sd card : let 's create a 64mb sd card for our android emulator . from a terminal do this : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./mksdcard 64M ~/Desktop/sdcard.iso  now you can use the ' eclipse android sdk and avd manager ' to create a new android virtual device that can use the path to the sd card you created . write data to the sd card : from a terminal : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./ddms  this will start the dalvik debug monitor server . then : launch your avd with sd card from eclipse that you created earlier from ddms , go to ' device -> file explorer ' select the ' sdcard ' folder click the ' push file onto device ' button find your file and click open that is it ! now from inside your code you can get to the sd card 's path with : Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory()  more you can read here .
if you go to settings > data usage and open the menu , then select mobile hotspots you can select wi-fi networks that should be treated as mobile hotspots . this should restrict the data usage when connected to these networks . data usage and mobile hotspot screens ( click images for larger variants )
as your tablet and phone will both be running android versions newer than 4.1 then this is all built in , and the devices should automatically let each other know about this when they connect , which will let apps know that they should limit the traffic they use . however you can also manually tell them that a particular wifi connection is a hotspot rather than broadband connection , just in case the auto-detection has not worked . on the device that will be connecting to the wifi ( your nexus 7 ) , if you go into settings -> data usage and then the " . . . " overflow button you should see an option called " mobile hotspots " . data usage menu ( click image for larger variant ) in here should be a list of all the wifi networks that the device has connected to recently , with a tickbox alongside that you can select to say that the network is actually a mobile hotspot . this tells your phone to treat that wifi network as if it is a mobile data ( eg 3g ) network instead of a broadband connection . mobile hotspots ( click image for larger variant ) ( cribbed from my previous answer here )
you could try preset camera i found this on google play and it claims : summary ( i have left in the spelling and punctuation mistakes as they appear on the play store ) : you can preset the settings about picture . frames , filters , the name of the folders , the name of files . after you preset the settings , pictures you take will be reflected to the setting . this application is very convenience when you take a picture in continuous , or take a picture of fixed location or object . you have no stress to edit the pictures because your settings reflect to all the pictures you take automatically . as i can not tell if you want to do this programatically ( which is outside the remit of this site ) , here is the answer to it in code : stack overflow android - taking photos and saving them with a custom name to a custom destination via intent
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
you will have to just google it and find a copy elsewhere on the internet . if it is unpublished from the play store , you can not install it from there anymore .
if you want to a markdown text editor which has export capability , you should try jotterpad x .
there are several markdown editors for android , but it is hard to compare and this are evolving . what i have found so far , includes ( sorted alphabetically ) : draft markdrop jotterpad x : writer lightpaper pro markdawn notal writer write : tablet notepad/journal to find the best application for your needs , first make clear the most important features , such as dropbox sync or support of a specific markdown dialect - for instance information about the latter is hard to find from the official app description . for this reason i cannot recommend one app ( shopping recommendations should not be given at this place anyway ) .
you might want to take a look at one of the following apps : notelynx pro outliner : hierarchical organization of notes , customizable css , lots of formatting options , hyperlinks and more , xml export wikilin : as the name suggest , a wiki-style editor . cross-platform , different formatting options ema personal wiki : another wiki-style editor with dropbox support , also a windows version available wikimind note : again wiki-style editor , cross-document links , macro support , encryption support there are also several latex editors on the market , but to me they looked rather complicated . from your question i take it you prefer something like wiki-style -- but feel free to offer a more detailed description of what you are looking for .
thanks for introducing lyx , pretty impressive open source app . there are two products from verbosus . i understood that lyx is a latex based tool and hence producing this link . i am not confident enough whether suggested latex editor will be equivalent to lyx , but just trying to help .
you need a rooted phone for this . first get the /hosts file : adb pull /system/etc/hosts  this copies it into your current working directory . now make your changes . ( if you are not using a unix system make sure that you use something that supports unix newlines , like notepad++ , sublime text , gedit etc . ) then we need to send it back to the device with : adb remount adb push hosts /system/etc/hosts  the first line remounts your /system partiton so you can write to , and the second pushes it back . now reboot your device . as you already have a terminal open just type : adb reboot 
do you mean with an external keyboard or the on-screen keyboard ? with the on-screen keyboard , usually the &lt;Enter&gt; key turns into a &lt;Next&gt; key ( looks like a right arrow ) when there is another field after the current one . at least , this seems to be how most apps on android work . sometimes it does not change functionality ; this happens most often in web forms where the enter key is a valid input .
if you have swype , all you need to do is long press the space bar . alternatively , you can download hacker 's keyboard from the play store . it has TAB/CTRL/ESC/ARROW keys etc
all you need is the titaniumbackup folder on the sd card . this contains all your backup information . make sure to have the Auto-sync TB settings preference checked . titanium backup , ironically , will not back itself up when running a backup . this check-box ensures that your settings for the app are saved as well ( such as schedules and preferences ) . you can also create an update . zip file which can be used to install tb in the recovery : go to the menu , click more , then scroll down until you see Create "update.zip" . this particular file will not be stored in the titaniumbackup folder , but rather on the root of your sd card . after you wipe everything , just copy the titaniumbackup folder back onto the sd card , install your rom , and install tb ( either from google play or from the update . zip file if you created it ) . it should automatically pick up all its old settings and be ready to restore your apps .
without any additional tools , this should be possible via adb shell or a terminal app , using the netstat command : netstat --tcp --listening -p should list up all listening ports along with the app behind it . but it might very well be ( as in your case , obviously ) that the -p parameter requires root ; and without it , the output will not show the app holding the port open . however , netstat plus might offer what you need : netstat plus and connection list ( source : google play ; click for larger image ) i did not try this app myself , but the screenshots suggest it does exactly what you need : listing apps with the used ports and status along . no word that it requires root . it further seems to work at least from gingerbread ( 2.3.6 is explicitly mentioned ) onwards to at least jelly bean 4.3 ( also explicitly mentioned ) . an alternative would be connection list ( second screenshot ) .
just go to > phone> call settings . there you will see an option to reject call with mssage . go there and yowill see some template messages . jut delete all the message one by one and thats it . your problem is solved .
unfortunately , there is no way to disable that . sony is using a proprietary dialer that has that function hard-coded into it . without using a custom rom , there is no way around it . i know this because i have experience with this on samsung devices ( they also have a bar near the bottom that allows to reject with text ) , and having heavy proficiency with android , outside of somehow recompiling the dialer apk and using your knowledge of java to find the entry , remove it , and recompile , there is unfortunately nothing you can do .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
it appears the nexus 4 does have an lte chip , but its not enabled . here 's a post to get it working : http://techcrunch.com/2012/11/23/how-to-enable-4g-lte-on-the-google-nexus-4/ i have seen a fair amount of youtube videos of people enabling it and testing it .
use the broadcast function , see : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/android/23130793 open whatsapp press the [ menu button ] tap [ new broadcast ] type your contacts ' names or press the [ + ] button to choose from your contact list tap [ next ] type your message and optionally attach media tap the send button
i do not think this is possible since it is a limitation from the app itself . . the best you can do is to put a status message so everyone can see , but you will not know for sure . or you message them in groups of 25 .
opengts provides fleet tracking , and there is a ( paid ) android app on the market . given that it is open source , it is always possible someone ( you ? ) could develop a free app as well .
here 's a good , open and decentralized alternative which appeared recently : mqttitude a google latitude replacement based on mqtt mqttitude enables a device to periodically publish its location status to your mqtt broker . if you have previously used latitude , you can think of this as a a decentralized latitude . summary : whether you want to keep track of your own location or that of a family member ( with their consent , of course ) , mqttitude will let you do that in a safe way . there are at least two components you will want to use : one of our apps , and an mqtt broker . the app speaks to the broker . other programs ( we have a few for you , but you can create others yourself ) speak to the broker as well . the smartphone app publishes location data , and the other programs subscribe to that data . a program can store the data in a database , send it someplace ( careful with that ! ) , or simply discard it ( which would not really be useful now , would it ? ) . for the time being documentation is , ahem , a bit lacking , but you might find something useful on our development site . links website api github
that is odd , photos are usually stored within a DCIM directory of the sd-card . never heard that one would store them as binary blob within a sqlite db . anyways , you cold discover the contents of the sqlite db with the sqlite ( sometimes sqlite3 ) tool . but you need some basic understanding of sql syntax .
there are multiple things involved with your question . i know this topic is hard to put in exact words , especially for someone new to android -- so it gets a little unclear what the real issue is . i will try to cover all i think is related , but will redirect to other questions here for details . first : how ram is used . there is no such thing like " useful free ram " . as soon as there is " free ram " available , it will be put to use : buffering and caching are the most interesting features in this context , as they speed up the system . as soon as an app requires additional ram , and there is no free ram available , the required amount is dropped from caches and buffers , so this is entirely dynamic and should have no negative effects . more details : why is my samsung galaxy s not utilizing all of its ram ? why is my device not utilizing all of its available ram ? does android hide some amount of ram from the user ? are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have - specifically samsung galaxy s ? android rom , ram , internal storage , external storage and battery utilization there are a lot more questions here dealing with this topic . to find them all , just follow the ram tag you already used for your question . second : your device slowing down . this might have many different reasons : some app might be hogging ressources is the most likely reason if the problem is not there right after a reboot ( but starts only a few hours/days later ) . if the problem persists after a reboot , reasons might be different ( or the " hogging app " got auto-started ) . your caches ( on internal storage ) could be messed up , for example . if you installed/uninstalled a lot of apps for testing , it could as well be the dalvik-cache ( pre-compiled code of your apps ) . good starting point to investigate this issue : my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ? see also the " linked " and " related " section of that question , which will provide you additional ressources .
i did not see this issue on a custom rom - is it an issue with the stock samsung rom ? i would suggest you find out - and if you really want to get rid of it , install a custom rom onto your phone after rooting - i find sapir 's cm10 rom to work well , and i do not see this issue . please check http://forum.xda-developers.com for more info on rooting and installing custom rom 's to your device .
i have developed an app called soundabout that you could try . it helps a lot of audio issues such as this .
your pictures should be stored on your sd card , so just take it out and get the pictures with a pc .
i do not know if it is the same on your phone , but on my blade i can just mount /sdcard ( or maybe /emmc in your case ) and then " mount usb storage " in the mount and storage menu .
/emmc is basically ok and accessible if you can ' mount ' it . you already have a working cwm installed which comes with adb enabled . this gives you some options . boot to cwm recovery and mount your partition in the ' mounts and storage ' section . it is now accessible internally and you can use the adb tool ( adb stands for ' android debug bridge ' , it is usually used to develop and debug things ) to pull data off the device : a windows tool ( sadly discontinued ) : http://code.google.com/p/adb-file-explorer/ by commandline : adb pull /path/to/folder or adb pull / to pull all currently mounted data partitions another gui : http://sourceforge.net/projects/adbbrowser/?source=recommended ps : i prefer the command line adb tool ( 2nd solution ) . i have little experience with the gui tools . but generally they should work as well . here 's how i usually do it ( using only the commandline ) : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell ~ # mount rootfs on / type rootfs ( rw ) tmpfs on /dev type tmpfs ( rw , nosuid , relatime , mode=755 ) devpts on /dev/pts type devpts ( rw , relatime , mode=600 ) proc on /proc type proc ( rw , relatime ) sysfs on /sys type sysfs ( rw , relatime ) /dev/block/mtdblock4 on /cache type yaffs2 ( rw , nodev , noatime , nodiratime ) ~ # mount /sdcard ~ # exit me@workstation:~$ cd /tmp/ me@workstation:/tmp$ mkdir htc_sdcard me@workstation:/tmp$ adb pull /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/ htc_sdcard/dcim pull : building file list . . . pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00110.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00110.jpg pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00114.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00114.jpg [ . . . ] </code>
if the ram is half free then will it consume only 50% of power nope . ram uses power no matter whether the cells are used or not . the biggest consumer of power in a phone is the display ( screen ) , the various radios ( wifi , 3g/4g , gps , bluetooth , etc ) , and the cpu and gpu . rom is an overloaded term , it is technically an abbreviation of read-only memory , but there is actually no such thing in modern smartphones . the " read-only memory " ( rom ) in modern smart phone is actually writable . what most people say when they say rom depends on the context , sometimes they meant the flash storage ( hardware ) and sometimes they meant the firmware ( software ) . in most android devices , internal and external storage both uses flash storage , so it is should not be surprising that their power requirements are similar . however , unless you are using an application that is constantly reading or writing large amount of data , the power draw from flash storage are generally quite minimal to overall power usage . does all this have an effect on battery utilization ? yes , but on typical use cases , they are not the major power draw . in typical usage patterns , the display and the antennas trumps all other components by miles .
battery consumption depends on your screen active time , 2g/3g/4g/wi-fi data connectivity , bluetooth , voice calls etc . it has nothing to do with how much of your internal or external storage is free . and from whatever i have seen , if you use task manager to kill the apps or force stop them usually drains more battery because those apps try to start back . as far as i know it has absolutely nothing to do with your rom , i mean hardware rom . when it is firmware which is there on rom it can affect the battery consumption if it is not optimized properly ( kernel tweaks etc ) it is better to keep auto sync off to save battery . or run it after every 10-15 minutes . . it is upto you !
your question would require a rather lengthy answer , and does not really fit the scope of our site . so for a complete answer , you had better find yourself a book . some short hints , though : no such thing as " free ram " , linux ( android is based on that ) makes good use of it . if not required by apps , it will be used to cache e.g. the file system . this not only gives faster access ( as ram is faster ) , but also saves battery ( as physical file system access is minimized ) . see also : are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have how do ram and processor speed affect overall performance on android ? unix and linux : real memory usage to understand the life cycle of an app , you might refer to the process lifecycle description on the developers site ( image taken from bottomlessinc blog ) to minimize your battery consumption ( or maximize its runtime ) , there are a lot of useful answers on our site already . some examples include : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? which consumes less battery : wi-fi or 2g data ? minimized apps : do they consume more battery ? many more can be found browsing the tags battery-life and battery-usage
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
there is an app called " twin me ! " in the google play . it does exactly what the samsung galaxy s " add me " feature does .
even if not exactly the same thing , hearing your description makes me instantly think about cinemagram , an iphone app that should be ported to android really soon . in a nutshell , the application grabs a little video of the chosen subject and then gives the possibility to " animate " a portion of a selected frame . the effect can be both amazing or chilling , depending on the subject and the skill of the operator . here are a few more successfull shots , both wonderful ( rain , flag ) or , more likely , gruesome ( eye , snake , mom , a bong aint wrong ( lol ) ) . this is surely a nice app to have on the phone , and if you are a harry potter enthusiast you could also try to make a newspaper out of it : )
your digitizer probably failed . that is the glass piece you touch with your finger . on some models it can be replaced , although not something for the faint of heart . i have had to do this for my evo 3d .
according to several sources ( including a.o. technipages and androidcentral ) the cause of this problem is lacking space in your device 's internal memory , which must have at least 25mb free space left . t-mobile 's support pages have a detailed instruction on how to solve the issue . though for some steps it was not clear to me what android version ( and what menu option ) they were referring to , as a basic abstract the most important points include : remove apps you no longer need this is the fastest solution , as it will certainly reclaim larger amounts of space per single step . to do so , you can e.g. use androids default app manager : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select the downloaded tab ( you only can remove apps you downloaded yourself ) , check which apps you no longer need , tap their entry , and hit the uninstall ( or remove ) button . in case this is grayed out , you might need to force stop the app first . move apps to your sd card this option is available with android 2.2 and higher , but does not work with all apps . in short , apps must actively support this -- and must not provide widgets and some other things in order to be moved to sd card . the built-in " mover " only permits you to move apps applying to these rules . cleaning up caches you can do so manually going to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select " all " ( not just " downloaded " ) , tap each app , and select the clear cache button . clear history this is for your call-logs etc . i doubt this reclaims lots of space . having followed these essential steps ( which i placed in the order of " most effective first" ) , your problem should be gone .
i can not specifically answer your question , however , what i have found bt paring my nexus 7 ( jb 4.2 ) to my ( rooted ) motorola defy phone ( froyo 2.2.2 ) , using standard setup panels , is similar . that is , it works the first time . on subsequent attempts , i see a ' connecting . . ' message then the bt paring/connection panel quickly returns to ' waiting for user input ' with no connection . in order to ' fix ' it i have to reboot the motorola ( phone ) .
it should be because google market thinks the apps are not supported by your device . you can go to online android market and try installing the app that is not displayed . it should say that your device ( nook ) is not supported for that app .
as noted in the comments , this appears to be the answer : the reason is because of pixel density . changing it from 161 to 160 works . – diesel this is discussed on the cyanogenmod forums here ( along with many other threads ) . it also appears that newer versions of cyanogenmod automatically set the pixel density to 160 for you . your rom 's density value should be in the /system/build.prop file ( look for an entry about " lcd density " . it can be modified manually or with one of several apps .
current app 's usage : if you mean storage , there is a handy program on market called disk usage . it will display the current size of all installed applications , as well as how much space each 's data takes up . i have a feeling you may mean ram usage , which is a different animal indeed . to get the amount of ram a program is currently using , see the apps section of the settings . the running tab shows the relevant details . new update 's or non-installed app usage : most of these details cannot really be determined before installing an app or an update , unless the developer is kind enough to include these details in the applications 's description or the what is new section . the closest you can get is the actual size of the application , which does show up in the application description . i guess you could use a combination of what you can learn from disk usage on the current version 's size and correlate that to what shows up in google play for the current version . details like ram usage are difficult to determine as they depend on a lot of factors : which resources are loaded on your particular device configuration ( e . g . high or low res images and icons ) . how you use the app ( e . g . if you have a browser and load 100 tabs , the program will use more ram ) . the quality of the app . the program may inadvertently waste memory due to a bug only you experience . it would be difficult to predict things like this . as for app storage , this really depends on whether the app developer chooses to change the way it stores data . hopefully this answers your question .
i checked that myself . i installed cwm 6.0.1.0 on my galaxy tab p5100 , then i tried to restore the twrp backup that i already had , and it did not work . maybe it needs a little more technical work . but with a normal procedure , it does not work .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
other users have also reported that this feature has disappeared . one alternative would be to use sms scheduler , or go sms pro ( my fave sms app ) .
check out pvll . the app lets you schedule texts in the future . it also has an automatic delay of 5 seconds before sending , called the "5 second rule " , so that i can cancel any errant texts that i send . . works for me . and there is a sharing layer on top of sms that lets you share your conversations easier . i use it instead of taking screenshots or cut and paste .
before you run adb you have to install the developer kit and set up your sdk environment to detect your phone ( instructions ) . then you will be able to use the android debug bridge , or adb , as @matthew_read suggests . connect your usb cables , check for a dialog on your phone to allow it to be mounted , and then run adb devices from your computer to confirm that your phone really is talking to adb . from there you can use adb shell to launch a shell environment .
yes , just use adb over usb and run adb shell . see http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
there is a app called android shell https://play.google.com/store/search?q=androidshell.io in google play . you can install it on your device and use the web ui ( http://androidshell.io ) to connect to the device and execute commands . disclaimer - i am the author of this app
tasker is a pretty awesome app that basically lets you write little apps/functionality , yourself . a simple solution , using tasker , is as follows : create a new tasked called ' missedcall ' for the '1st context ' choose state> missed call . click ok click done task selection , choose new task name it ' getridofmissedcalls ' . ok click add , choose phone > call log . click done click the + button to add another task choose app > go home . click done click done , again your task is now setup and you should be in the tasker profile list , click apply . basically what happens is that when you have a missed call tasker will open up the call log list , which will get rid of the notification , tasker will then return you to your home screen . i assume that most of you missed calls occur when the phone is in your pocket etc . so hopefully the behaviour of returning to the home screen is ok . there will be a system flag for missed calls , and if i could find out what it is then we could just get tasker to switch the flag to false ( or missed call count =0 ) , which would be a more elegant solution to the problem .
normally , apps that need to run constantly or in the background are considered to be unsuited to run from a storage card . this is also probably why most " system " apps are prohibited from doing so . consider , if the card was unmounted , those apps would remain unavailable until the card was re-mounted . as to why an app developer would not make his/her app storage-friendly is a question better answered by those in the know .
here is an excellent list of characteristics of apps which should not be installed on sd card , with reasons , from the android developer site . hope it helps .
i have not attempted this myself , but here are the steps that i found and seems pretty close to how i rooted my samsung galaxy s . i am not responsible for any issues that arise from following these steps , including , but not limited to your device spontaneously bursting in to flames . i suggest you do additional research and see what others say about using the tools below and read everything twice before doing it . and follow the instructions step-by-step . the firsts step is to make sure that you have kies installed on your computer . now download superoneclick root app from here and save it on your desktop . once this is done , turn your samsung galaxy tab on and connect it with your computer . make sure that you have usb debugging mode disabled and sync with kies . now disconnect galaxy tab from computer and enable usb debugging mode . you can enable the usb debugging mode by settings> applications> development> usb debugging . now reconnect your tab again to your pc and tap the home button so that your tab loses sync connection with kies . once done , launch superoneclick . exe and click on root . please wait for 5 to 10 minutes while the application roots your galaxy tab .
i think autoshortcut can do the trick : autoshortcut is a plugin for tasker or locale that allows you to run any of your installed apps ' shortcuts .
this can not be done in a totally automated fashion , as indicated by the accepted answer to this stackoverflow question . basically , it is against the android security model to allow Unknown Sources to be changed programmatically .
never even considered this until your question , but here 's what i have got working pretty well -- droid vnc server from the market . fairly quick refresh ( as fast as i am used to on vnc ) , better than the sdk screencast or droid explorer . even has http server support built in -- in fact , i have not tested yet with a desktop client , but the http/java client works well enough .
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
maybe you should give the android-notifier over at googlecode a try when using a mac or linux . the android-desktop-notifier works fine when using windows .
one really easy solution platform free that work over bluetooth wifi usb tethering and also wifi , is simply airdroid . it allow lots of thing and is very convenient .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows remote connections to your android device over xmpp . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
picme works surprisingly well as an alternative to vnc . i recommend using it over wifi , though . ( as opposed to 3g ) http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.bw.picme
gtalksms ( google code project page ) is a alternative for android-notifier which works over xmpp ( gtalk , jabber ) . it allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of gtalksms big advantages , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
be sure and check your date . had problems with google play suddenly stopped working . after trying multiple suggestions , realized the date was reset back to 2008 . once reset , things started working again .
yes ! it helps to talk about " android the platform " and " android the os " android the operating system : this is linux . it runs the linux kernel so it very much is linux . the standard libraries are a little different and you as a user or developer of an android app wont have anything to do with this " linuxey " side of things* . android the platform : this is a java-based-desktop platform that you can write applications for . it uses the dalvik** vm to run specially packaged java jar files containing your code . this is the part of the android phone you see and interact with every day* *unless you root your device . then you have access to everything . **dalvik is also a cute little ' town ' in iceland with some great glaciers , two ferries to wonderful islands and no good coffee bar .
the short answer is yes . the longer answer is . . . android uses a modified linux kernel to run the basic operating system functions . however , android does not use the same libraries that you would see in a typical desktop linux system ( basic libraries such as glibc ) , so you can not just run any program on android that you can on other linux systems . besides the fact that some of the libraries are different , android does not provide a very easy way of running applications that are not build on their java-like api they call the " andoird platform "
yes .
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
this guide is marked as " noob-friendly " . have not tried it myself as i try to stay far away as i can from sense : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1859714 you were looking for 3.20.401.1 ? here you can find the nandroid backups : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1975140
finally , someone from xda shared his nandroid backup for stock rom , here is the link ; http://docs.google.com/file/d/0b06fizeukdchulbvzfzpretos0k/edit?usp=sharing the original thread on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?s=c89f980ba9f35f7e5ec9ae6b6bf11beft=1975140page=139
not in the usa . virgin mobile usa 's network is cdma , while the galaxy note is a gsm phone . virgin mobile uk is a gsm network , so galaxy note will work on it . although depending on whether the phone and the carrier use the same frequencies for 3g , you may only get 2g speeds .
the one i use is screen filter https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.haxorhl=en free . it does not invert any colors , but has the lowest brightness setting of any filter app . use in conjunction with system brightness to achieve any level of brightness needed . in this android tutorial , william j . francis demonstrates how to read and write to the lcd backlight brightness control . http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/control-androids-lcd-backlight-programmatically/ its some good reading , very nice write up . this is how i am going to fix my backlight brightness . but here 's another filter app that is free https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.digipom.nightfilterhl=en no programming required . " night filter is an easy to use screen filter application for your android phone or tablet . night filter makes it easy for you to dim your screen , adjust your color tint , and more ! use it to read at night with less eye strain and correct for an excessive screen tint . "
i have found under setting ( in android 4.3 anyway ) that i can go to device : accessibility:negative colors . this will produce the " inverse video " effect so normally white backgrounds are black . in conjunction with normal ( or app enhanced ) screen dimming this reduces liht significantly over the normal black on white output . i will update this answer if i find a way to control backlight brightness .
pdf to speech pro https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.practicalappshl=en $2.99 . one of the better ones , actually does what it is suppose to . i have not came across any free ones .
the answer to my question turned out to be rather trivial ( at least for my rooted htc incredible ) . trivial to the point that i am embarrassed i asked the question in the first place ! to explore/manipulate my phone 's file system , all i had to do was connect it to my computer via usb , and choose " disk drive " as the connection type . then the storage on my phone shows up as two additional volumes : one for /sdcard and one for /emmc , which i can manipulate like any other volume . edit unfortunately , the approach as i have described it gives access only to those areas of the phone 's file system that a user can modify without root access . this approach is good enough for my purposes , but if you want free rein over your phone 's file system , and do not mind going over to the " dark side " to get these powers , see this xda forum thread .
as your device is rooted , you could try to install come sshd app : quicksshd explicitly mentions root support dropbear ssh server even requires it sshdroid mentions root as option so all 3 of them should be able to " export " the full file system via ssh . so on a mac ( and linux/unix/bsd as well ) you could directly connect from a terminal , or integrate the device 's file system using e.g. sshfs or fish , on windows you could use the famous winscp -- and probably many others .
according to this : http://www.modaco.com/topic/370148-mwc-2014-sony-xperia-tablet-z2-hands-on/ and on this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjut4zawqqw#t=172 ( at 2:51 ) so lte versions are capable of making and recieving phone calls .
there are a couple of tablets from which i think you can answer phone calls . . . actually maybe just one that can answer but there is also one that notifies you as calls come in . the new samsung s series tablets are the ones that can take calls , even over wifi , i believe , because they allow you to project your phone screen into your tablet in real time and interact with it . the ads apparently show someone using a blue tooth headset and the tablet to talk on the phone ( although if the phone connects over blue tooth it would have to be close by ) . the other problem is that you have to have a samsung phone to do it ( stupid , i know ) and it might even have to be the s5 , limiting it even more . the tablet that notifies you when calls and texts come in is the lg g pad , which is nearly a year old but well designed and beautiful . it was originally over priced but the price has come down a lot . when i heard about that software mod , i looked high and low over the internet for the code to drop onto my nexus 7 to no avail . a little different from what you are asking but hope it can be helpful if the z2 does not work out .
yes , you can make phone calls from the the latest z2 tablet . .
it really makes little to no difference . if you really need a recommendation , use ubuntu , because it is what they use inside google , so you can be sure the tools will install cleanly and work properly on ubuntu .
you could use a vpn to " mask " all your traffic . this way your provider would still be able to count the amount of data transfered -- but he would no longer be able to see its contents . vpn requires a client ( which comes already integrated with recent android versions -- but additionally , there are a lot of apps available for this on the google playstore ) and a server . the latter you can establish on your own hardware ( software is available for most operating systems -- even some routers have this capability built-in ) . alternatively , there are providers available offering vpn as a service . the techrepublic has a quite detailed article on this topic : securely connect your android smartphone via vpn . it describes what can be done this way , and also includes the necessary steps to set up everything . so if this approach sounds good to you , follow the link for more details . other good sources can surely be found following the vpn tag here on ase .
the issue was evidently resolved by using a different usb cord .
the boot-loader code is stored within the /boot partition . majority of android handsets uses the qualcomm 's boot loader , called lk ( little kernel ) , barring samsung , which uses their own form of boot-code . lk has the following : variety of nand devices for bootup usb driver to enable upgrading images over usb during development keypad driver to enable developers enter ‘fastboot’ mode for image upgrades display driver for debugging and splash screen enable android recovery image and image upgrades this applies to only , qualcomm chipsets hence the exemption of samsung based handsets there is a website blog that cites this from source the actual source code , if anyone is curious enough , can be found on codeaurora site . this is known as caf , in which a lot of qualcomm specific code for kernels can be found in . as a side-note : google releases source to aosp , caf , pulls from them , modifies it to make it fit within qualcomm chipsets , then the manufacturers pull those down and add their own bits , it is that for the reason there is , aosp , caf and cyanogenmod that are the main three flavours of android . the actual source code to the boot-loader can be found on caf 's git repository , and has not changed much , it can also be found in cyanogenmod 's source , specifically in , /bootable/bootloader also .
typically , yes . you are creating a private network -- you want to route stuff through the network . it is private . if only the browser applications were routing through the private network -- some other app could be sniffing activity , and sending it through the other connection . goodbye , private ! see also : http://www.howstuffworks.com/vpn.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virtual_private_network
the setting that you are talking about is in effect the --redirect-gateway option of openvpn and is documented on the openvpn man page --redirect-gateway automatically execute routing commands to cause all outgoing ip traffic to be redirected over the vpn . this option performs three steps : create a static route for the --remote address which forwards to the pre-existing default gateway . this is done so that ( 3 ) will not create a routing loop . delete the default gateway route . set the new default gateway to be the vpn endpoint address ( derived either from --route-gateway or the second parameter to --ifconfig when --dev tun is specified ) . when the tunnel is torn down , all of the above steps are reversed so that the original default route is restored . the routing of all network connections occurs at the system level . only apps that have the ability to modify the routing table of the device to use a different gateway than the default can bypass the vpn . theoretically any app with superuser access could do this .
i was able to fix the issue at work by deleting some old wifi access points and rebooting . it may have been i had too many saved . i will try to see if it is fixed for good when i get to my home wifi
the behaviour you describe could plausibly be caused by a bug in the wi-fi software on your phone , if sleeping the wi-fi transceiver makes it forget something necessary to make the connection work ( such as the wpa keys ) . this is the kind of thing you have to expect when you use a pre-release version of a rom . nightly builds simply are not suitable for day-to-day use , because it is a bit of a lottery what bugs will have been added from one build to the next . switch to a stable build instead .
you can use the " google contact sync " , an built-in synchronization-mechanism and some of the basic-functionality of android . more here : http://www.google.com/sync/index.html
another option would be to export your contacts ( tap the menu button in the contacts app then look for export ) , transfer contacts . vcf to the other device , then import .
having two phones logged into the same google account works perfectly fine . if it tells you the username or password are incorrect , then most likely one of them is incorrect . in particular , if you are using different soft keyboards on the two phones , take extra care when typing punctuation characters and numbers : they could be in different places on different keyboards , so you could type the wrong one without realising it .
after days of attempts the problem was the two step verification ! i was trying to login a htc desire with android 2.2 while my account has teo step verification so i was not able to setup the account ( i do not know i on last version of android is it possible to login with two step verification ) . i solved : stop " two step verification " login on the smartphone set " two step verification "
this looks like a lock screen widget , rather than a home screen one . it will not appear in the widget selector - instead , you will need to re-add it to your lock screen . i am not sure what the process is on the smart tab series , but it is probably in your settings menu , somewhere having to do with lock screen .
do this ( at your own risk ) if that is a default widget came along with os because those widgets are unrecoverable once deleted . 1 perform a backup of your important data ( remember ' not the settings' ) in the tab to a pc or cloud . 2 then do a " hard reset " of tab . ( every handset has a unique way to do a hard reset . so google it . ) 3 tab will be reset to its initial state of course . 4 restore backup again . -this is bad idea if you have large amounts of important/sensitive data on your tab and also ignore this answer if that is not a default widget-
it is the logo of the video 's uploader . uploaders can choose to display their logo near the beginning or end of the video , to make it easier for you to subscribe to their channel .
the guide is only to install google play and other related and necessary google apps . the installation is such due to licensing issues which prevent cyanogenmode from packaging it in the rom directly . once you go through the install of google apps , you can use google play same way as on any other android device . regarding versions , every cyanogenmod version is based on particular version of android , e.g. : cyanogenmod 11 is based on android 4.4 kitkat cyanogenmod 10.2 is based on android 4.3 jelly bean cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 jelly bean . etc . the play store will treat cyanogenmod versions as android of appropriate version , so you will have no problems regarding that .
there are several ways to address your concerns . first - you should print the emergency codes . google has good directions on how to do so here . ( reproduced here ) sign in to your accounts at https://www.google.com/accounts/smsauthconfig. look for the “printable backup codes” area . click show/generate codes . if you are fine using the current set of backup codes , you can print or download them . if you believe this set of codes might have been stolen or you’ve used many of the backup codes , you can generate a new set by clicking generate new codes . second - even without backup codes , you should have supplied your phone number to google at some point ; this allows for you to have a temporary code sent to you in a text message . as shown in the following image : thirdly - you can disable 2-step verification while wiping your phone , and re-enable it again after completion . ( this requires you to set everything back up ) . google instruction page to disable 2-step verification ( steps reproduced here ) visit the using 2-step verification page under your google account settings . sign in with your username , password , and verification code if prompted . click turn off 2-step verification . a pop-up window will appear to confirm that you want to turn off 2-step verification . click ok .
that is what a factory reset is for - it does wipe all accounts associated with the handset . you will need to go into your google account on your trusted pc to generate a password to use and key that into the google account after factory reset . when you use gmail on your trusted pc : go into settings on the right hand of the gmail web page - its a drop-down menu when the cog-wheel gets clicked click on accounts and imports click on other google account settings , this will launch a tab page on your browser for the accounts . click on security on the left hand side of the same page . there is 2-step verification , click on the button edit , you will be prompted to use your actual google sign-on password ( the real one ) . depending on how your trusted pc is set , you may be asked to enter the code delivered to your sms , key that verification code into your google sign-on page . finally there is a link called manage application-specific passwords after successful sign-on . then , there is a " step 1 of 2: generate new application-specific password " at the bottom of the page . give this a name - for example " bobsmith 's android htc one x_10thsept2012" , and click on generate password , the password will get generated , now using that to sign on to google from your handset - its a once-off operation . in any case , if the worst happens , you can revoke it and deny access to your account : )
on any android device , rooted or not : when you set up 2-factor authentication , there is an option to do so manually ( without using a 2d barcode ) . you can then also write it down . if you have set it up already , you can re-do this and create it again . ( as already noted ) have those 10 emergency one-time codes at hand if you have root rights , you can access the stored credentials of the google authenticator app in some ways : read out the credentials and write them down : you can later manually add them to the app by providing gmail address and secret from below ( yours differs of course ) . u0_a37@android:/ $ su . u0_a37@android:/ $ cd /data/data/* . authenticator2/databases/ u0_a37@android:/ $ sqlite3 databases . dump | grep ' insert into accounts ' . insert into accounts values(1,'yourgmailalias@gmail.com','secret',0,0,0); just back it up using titaniumbackup
heat and lithium ion batteries are not the best of friends , so anything you can do to maintain a lower battery temperature will prolong your battery 's life . while charging or under heavy load , you typically generate more heat than while resting , so in either of those cases , if your phone feels physically warm , it is probably a good idea to remove it from the case . however , if you are charging it somewhere that it is likely to be damaged by being knocked off a table , having something dropped on it , having a kid find and play with it , etc . then i would be more inclined to keep a protective case on it . the life of your phone is much more important than the life of your battery , as a battery is much cheaper to replace ( note : i am not familiar with how easy or difficult it is to replace the battery on a razr , beyond knowing that it is not as simple as popping the back off and pulling the battery ) . i will add that while it is possible that a case ( particularly the thicker ones like otterbox produces ) could lead to enough excessive heat that it damages the battery , i have not heard of anything beyond a faulty battery actually damaging itself ( think of the exploding battery stories ) . i would think that we had hear a lot more about this if it were a significant issue .
this is overly long , and something is most likely wrong . i would say pull the battery , and then wipe the userdata . you may not need to wipe the userdata , but if the encryption has failed at some point then it will be necessary .
browse to google 's homepage . click on your profile image on top on the page . click on the logout button . do not click on sign in when it ask you to connect .
settings › privacy and security › remember passwords . unchecking this option seems to do the trick .
if you have a custom recovery already , where clockwork mod recovery is the most popular one , there is an option there to do a complete backup , sometimes called a " nandroid " . as long as you have this backup folder lying around ( it will not disappear when doing wipes from cwm ) and you can enter cwm , you can restore that backup as well . since the backup includes everything it also includes things like the kernel , the rom , apps and all that . it basically creates an image of your entire device that you can later return to . the tricky part is getting a custom recovery on your tab , but when you have that you should be reasonably safe as long as you remember to always backup . it does not hurt to put your backups somewhere else as well for safekeeping ( like your computer ) . i highly recommend you start reading the samsung galaxy tab forums on xda-developers . the q and a section probably already has all your questions listed , and the " android development " section has a ton of different roms you can choose from . as long as you have a backup lying around , do not be scared to try a couple of them out : ) ( remember that rooting your device and/or unlocking the bootloader will void the warranty , so if you can not re-lock it before sending it to samsung they will not replace it )
as long as the gapps pack api number requirement is equal or lower then the rom api number they should work
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
there is a known issue on samsung devices . please see here : http://webcazine.com/7630/how-to-solve-unable-to-sign-or-encrypt-message-certificate-not-installed-error-on-galaxy-s4/
seems to me that your pc and your android are in different time zones . since you have already mentioned that you are in india , i expect that your android has the wrong setting . Settings | Date &amp; time you may have to turn off " automatic " so that you can set the time zone yourself .
how about your internal sd and emulated sd card free space ? sometime your phone has duplicate files on emulated sd and internal sd . sometime it may be an issue with the setting restore . when you are switching rom ( different android version ) , it is not recommended restore data using old rom backup .
try reflashing the rom with full wipe again but do not restore anything with titanium backup . similar problems usually happen when i used to restore data with titanium backup especially if the android upgrade from rom to another is significant ( e . g 4.1 to 4.2 ) . please try this and tell what happens : ) edit : added my comment to the answer .
this usually happens if you have connected to nokia to you pc via usd cable . ignore this and continue using you phone . i have been observing this for more than 3 years now where phone drive shows in red and full .
if you long press over something in the aquos , " peel off " is used to remove it .
if you press and hold the folder , one of the home icons will turn into a trash icon . just drag the folder to the trash icon .
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
i have come up with one potential answer myself : trim solid state disks ( ssds ) and some flash memory require the operating system to perform a kind of housekeeping task to maintain the efficiency of the device . the operating system command trim is explained in this anandtech article : http://www.anandtech.com/show/2738/10 its applicability to certain android devices , including my samsung galaxy nexus and asus nexus 7 is explained in these xda developers threads : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2104326 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1971852 an xda member wrote an app called lagfix which purports to exercise the trim maintenance function , thus restoring write performance for the device . since i recently performed a complete factory reset , i am no longer having performance problems and thus i can not directly corroborate the purported benefits of lagfix . if i am in a position where performance is suffering , i may do some benchmarking and see if lagfix improves the situation . please be aware if you plan to try lagfix that there are some devices that have chips that do not play nice with this utility . these chips have what is come to be called a brickbug , and if you run lagfix on one of these devices , you will irrevocably brick your device . i highly recommend you follow the advice and read the lagfix faq . it points to a utility which can tell you if your device contains a chip that may suffer from the brickbug . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37029420postcount=122
tl ; dr - restored performance of my asus nexus 7 16gb by deleting several gb of unneeded files . i recently solved a performance problem on my asus nexus 7 ( 16gb , first generation ) using an unrelated solution to the lagfix/trim solution outlined above . although lagfix seems to have solved the problem on my verizon galaxy nexus ( performance remains excellent to this day ) , i continued experiencing truly awful and unacceptable performance on my asus nexus 7 . my research yielded many reports that if the nexus 7 memory gets " too full " , performance degrades significantly . my device had 3 gb of free memory , so i was skeptical that my nexus 7 was " too full " . i used the excellent diskusage utility to inspect the contents of my 16gb flash memory to see if i could clear out some space . i discovered a movie file i had long since watched and forgotten about consuming several gb of space . i deleted the movie file , a number of old nandroid and titanium backups i no longer needed , and deleted a couple gb of podcasts i did not need . this freed up several gb on the device . performance is now excellent on my nexus 7 . it feels like new .
to answer your question , i would like to quote something called , dalvik vm and android file system . the android file system would have below partitions ( as common in most devices ) , \system \boot \data \cache when ever you flash a new rom and corresponding files would be moved to corresponding partitions . when you flashing a new rom without wiping , the files in all partition would be overridden ( if files with same names ) and some of the older files may remain as a debris . \cache \data the above two partitions are rom specific , whenever there are new apps installed , the temporary data and its cache would be created and stored in respective partitions . when you wipe , old data and cache items would be cleared . all android applications are optimiz to dex ( . odex ) to run in dalvik virtual machine ( similar to java vm ) . these items need to be cleared when moving to different roms . some info about dalvik - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dalvik_%28software%29
i had a similar issue . eventually , i disabled the following : auto fill forms ; sync via usb an developer tools . it worked ! oh also i cleared data ( settings . . content settings ) for google sites .
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
does the app here work for you ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1317804page=9
usually it is called calendar . ask your provider if it still is not showing on your phone . alternatively , trying seeing if long-pressing an empty area of your screen and then choosing widgets - shows the calendar widget in the list . i am assuming of course , that you have already set up your google account to sync with your device .
yup using root is the only way to go . all other groups or username are locked in userland of android by a technique known as sandboxing . this is security feature implemented at the core so you will need to rework android if you still want to succeed .
i do not think there is any option for that . probably a third party app ( dialer/call ) would .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . i am here to assist : ) viber has an " exit " option , inside the " more " tab . after choosing this option , viber should shut down completely , and not leave a process running . it can still stay available for calls and texts with the help of the c2dm service , that " awakens " viber upon incoming calls and texts .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
do you mean samsung kies , pc sync ? try on samsung website , choose your exact model of galaxy , and you will find the available software .
its not possible . app drawer is designed to keep default shortcut of apps . . not custom shortcuts ! you can always use homescreen to place custom shortcuts . i recommend you to use tb 's widget . as adw launcher provides option to add multiple homescreens , space should not be a problem .
there should be no real " requirements " for launchers - as long as they could be downloaded to your phone they should work . maybe one ore more functions could be slower on older devices if the hardware is not really new , but the base functions should just work . . .
it is at the top , when you pull down to select wifi , gps , screen rotation , etc .
have you tried in Settings &gt; Language and input &gt; Text to speech output &gt; Driving mode ?
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
i performed two steps to fix the issue : settings -> wireless and network settings -> wi-fi settings -> click menu button and select advanced , select wi-fi sleep policy - > select never . dial *#*#526#*#* for wlan diagnostics . this will reload the wi-fi driver ( i tried this before without step 1 and it rebooted my mobile ) .
to remove it , click on the three vertical dots on the top-right of your screen . then , go to settings . scroll down to " priority senders " and unmark the tick box . hope it helps .
try this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.traber.blueappsender using this app you can send the app to another phone or tab . if you also need the data simply copy the game data folder ( mostly in android> data )
use titanium backup to backup the game + data and then transfer the backup to your new device where you can use titanium backup on the new device to restore the app+data again . however , please check whether the app is compatible with your new device .
google cloud pint is what you need . it easily connects your normal printers to the cloud and saves them in your cloud printers list . you can the print any document from anywhere in the world by just logging in to your google account and giving the print command from google drive or google chrome . for android there is an official app by google : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.cloudprint
the method your are describing does not seem possible , you are trying to have your photos printed as they arrive to your computer ! what you can do is to print data directly from your android device to a printer : print directly from an android device with the right wi-fi or bluetooth printer that are available to the device . print to a printer connected to a computer , by using the google 's free cloud print technology : google cloud print google cloud print is a new technology that connects your printers to the web . using google cloud print , you can make your home and work printers available to you and anyone you choose , from the applications you use every day . google cloud print works on your phone , tablet , chromebook , pc , and any other web-connected device you want to print from . requirements : you will need to have a computer where the printer is connected to , with google chrome installed and connected to the google cloud print service , in order to have it receiving files from your devices . printer connected and installed on your os ; google chrome installed ; cloud print set up on google chrome ; logged on with the same user as your device . setup the computer : launch google chrome ; access the menu ( icon in the upper-right corner ) ; select " settings" ; on the settings page , scroll down until your see " show advanced settings . . . " and click it ; keep scrolling down until you find the " google cloud print " section : the available options may vary , but usually you will see a " add printers " or a " manage print settings " button . the first will add your installed printers to the list . the second will allow you to see what printers are there . start printing from your android device : to start printing what you want you will need to install the following app : cloud print description with cloud print for android you can : print from any compatible android device to any google cloud print connected printer share a picture or a document from apps like gallery directly to cloud print track the status of your print jobs printing from android has never been easier . you open the document , photo , etc on your device and access the " share " options , where you will find the " cloud print " option . links : cloud print - google play store google cloud print homepage pcworld - answer line : how to print from android tabletpc review - how to print from a tabet : google cloud print and android solutions lifehacker - add wireless printing to your android phone with cloud print
you could probably use on {x} for this . you should be able to configure it so that it sends a tweet the first time you unlock your phone each day . i have not used it much myself though so can not tell you exactly how . another possible option would be using tasker .
as a user of tweetcaster pro , which can do this for you ! there is a facility , to schedule tweets , at a designated user 's time of their choice , as well into the future : see screenshots below , notably post later : but having said that , i normally do not answer to questions asking for recommendations as they are off-topic , please read the [ faq ] .
the smartphone 's wifi turned out to be spoofed .
i do not think that there is any standard way in the market for developers to declare what license their app is developed under . a normal text search of the market for " gpl " comes up with hundreds of apps that have specifically put the word gpl in their title or description . other than that an awful lot of the android gpl developers seem to host their code on google code , everything there is open source and there are ways that you can search that by license type , that might well be the closest that you can get ( though you will obviously miss out on developers who host their code elsewhere ) .
i do not know the answer to your question , but the closest thing i have found is : http://fdroid.org/
go to android settings , the wireless then enable " portable wi-fi hotspot " then connect to that wifi using your tablets wifi manager . then you should have internet
kurru basically has it right , except that the portable wi-fi hotspot application will most likely require another monthly fee from your provider . as far as wired tethering between devices , this is not possible . the protocols do not exist for android devices to accept external network connections through cables . a very easy solution ( if you are comfortable rooting your device ) , is wifi tether . i use this app constantly , and works exactly as kurru described : install run application press " tether " button select " android hotspot " from available wireless access points on your tablet and bam ! you are done ! as a personal user , i have to say this is the single best advantage to rooting a phone , and 100% worth it .
the galaxy s4 mini only comes with an 8gb internal storage ( 5gb are usable ) , i think you are referring to your external storage and you can use this space by moving some apps to it . you can achieve that by installing an app called " app 2 sd " by sam lu , it is very simple to use application , hope this help
later versions of android do not allow apps to be on sd ( no app will make it happen if this is the case , unless you are rooted ) . to free up space try using an app like clean master .
downloading and installing an app that contains malware . that is all . if you do not want malware on your phone , just do not install malware on your phone . that means:- when you click install on google play ( or another app store ) , check the permissions . if the app asks for permissions you were not expecting , do not install it . it is commonplace for malware authors to upload fake apps that appear to be popular or trendy games or apps , but are in fact imitations that install or contain malware . google is pretty good at taking them down these days , but they still appear for a while . genuine software vendors are happy to explain why they need each permission they ask for , so if you are not sure , check if the app description has a plausible explanation , and/or contact the vendor . if you are visiting a website and it unexpectedly downloads an apk ( an android app package ) , do not install it . just delete the file . do not install apps from warez sites . there used to be a lot of ' reputable ' warez on windows , that actually were the software they claimed to be , but on android most of the warez sites are just viruses with different names . if you are not expecting to install apps from apk files you got elsewhere , go into the settings , in the security section , and turn off installing apk files from unknown sources . you can always turn it on again when you need to . apart from that , on android you still need to apply the usual security precautions you had take with websites and emails to avoid phishing attacks and scams . check who the sender is , check what domain you are looking at or what domain the link points to . even if a message appears to be from someone you know or an organisation you trust , it could be malware posing as them , so think about whether you had expect them to send this message .
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
the term " brick " usually refers to the stone , which means : " device can only be used as paper-weight " . taken literally , there is no way to " unbrick " . however , you also find terms like " hard-brick " and " soft-brick " used , which makes the term " brick " less absolute : a soft-brick is something you easily can recover from ( count it as a " temporary paper-weight" ) , mostly by software-based solutions ( e . g . re-flash your phone ) -- while a " hard-brick " is rather meant in the way the original term points to . still , technically spoken , even a " hard-bricked " device could be " unbricked " -- but mostly this is more expensive then getting a new device . as for the warranty declaration you quoted : for a normal user , it is almost impossible to ( hard- ) brick his device . even when flashing a custom rom , this can rarely happen , as there are many security-layers involved . almost always you can boot your device into some fall-back mode where it is at least recognized by some " flashing software " , so you could simply flash another/the original firmware back . which means , the risk you are taking is to " soft-brick " your device 1 . a " hard-brick " is quite unlikely with " normal operations " like rooting or flashing custom roms . see also : wikipedia : brick rootzwiki : brick 1 i just learned : " unless you have got a samsung device and used the software recommended by samsung " . so better do not use kies etc . , but rather odin , just to give an example .
brick is a much-hyped word that gets bandied about with-out understanding what it is . there is two types of brick , hard and soft . lets go through this to make the distinction clearer . hard this is where the handset will absolutely refuse to boot at the press of the power button . diagnostics : dead screen , no power . that is the symptom of a hard brick . reason : this can happen by inadvertently pulling the cable when flashing a rom or even an update via the handset 's supporting software such as samsung kies , sony 's pc companion suite etc . that is the worst case , that is why in this scenario , always , make , sure that no cable gets pulled unless told so by the supporting software in question . the other way is this , flashing in that manner when the battery power is low . hence for that reason , it is recommended to have at least 75% of battery power in place prior to doing the update in that fashion . its known as hard-brick , and requires specialist cables and stripping the device down to the circuitary board to revive it via jtag cables . soft - this can happen through a bad flashing of the rom in which yields the following . diagnostics : it has power when the power button is pressed , and/or , the screen comes on . reason : it can be a user error on this part . for example , failing to clear/wipe the data/cache , can cause android to go into a boot-loop because of the mis-matches with the android 's virtual machine and the apps installed , or more than likely , a corrupted dalvik cache . the other , is flashing a rom that is not designated for the handset which can cause the kernel to go into a boot-loop . this is generally easier to fix , but hangs , that is known as a soft-brick . with those two separate forms of brick , it is generally speaking , a scare-mongering tactic . the one pure simple reason why carriers do not recommend unlocking the boot-loader , is not just for the warranty . its more down to the fact , if the handset ever gets stolen , then unlocking the boot-loader will wipe everything , and re-initialize the handset to factory state , thereby all your contacts , call logs , messages and apps gets wiped cleanly . also , this is to reduce the amount of support in the carriers , with people calling in or ringing up the technical support , " what happened with my handset - i did something and lost my contacts ? " just to finish off this answer , you can revert it back , by re-locking the boot-loader at a later stage if you wish , that is in the event the hardware got damaged and hand it back in for repairs .
i am sure this is fixed in the latest gmail app which you should be able to download from the market . ( this used to bug the hell out of me - sometimes the drop down would work , other times not , completely at random . have not had the issue since the last gmail app update )
this is what you are looking for . . .
the short answer is no , there are no usb-to-ethernet dongles that the galaxy note 8 recognizes . the long answer is galaxy note 8 only supports wireless network connections unfortunately ; however that could change if samsung decides to include support for wired ethernet dongles in updates to the note 8 .
sachin shekhar that dongle wont work on the samsung galaxy note 8 because i already explained that the galaxy note 8 does not support wired network dongles some android tablets do but its up to the manufacturer to include support in their version of android . after u connect the dongle there will be nothing in the galaxy note 8 network setup for a wired network connection .
there is an app called lagfix , which can let you trim your device literally . it can only run if the device is rooted , and since your device is already rooted then it is perfect for you . and here is the thread on xda developers about lagfix . i hope it helps .
i was having lag issues on my n7 2012 . after doing some research i was lead to forever gone . this app has been used to overwrite the free space on the device so that it can be more efficiently used . until 4.3 is released for you device i would give this a try to see if it helps with performance . it sure helped my n7 .
you can not add just any app to the multi-window list ( the one you get by clicking edit ) . that list only contains apps that have been written using samsung 's vendor-specific library to support the multi-window feature . ( i suspect that the feature also has special-case code to enable the google apps in the list such as hangouts , but that is just speculation on my part . ) you can only make an app appear in that list by contacting the developer of the app and asking them to support it . it may be an up-hill struggle to convince them to invest time and make their app larger to support a feature used by a minority of users on one manufacturer 's devices .
by default , you can not add other apps to samsung 's multi-window feature . however , you can use apps like samsung multi window manager to work around this limitation . it also has a pro version that has additional features . using this multi window manager , you can enable any app to take advantage of this awesome new feature .
yeah that seems odd . . . i remember having the exact same issue however i figured out that it was the downloaded firewall application ( great app to control your data usage btw ) just " denying " access to the media component from within youtube . see if you got such apps around your system ? ? ( the firewall suggestion is basically for rooted phones )
not sure if it exists on the s3 mini , but on the regular s3 running 4.1 and later , there is a thing called blocking mode that will allow you to block incoming calls ( and other notifications ) from non-contacts , or limit it further to only favorite contacts or make a custom list of allowed callers .
the app blacklist plus mentions exactly that as one possible use : there are four block modes of call blocker : blacklist all except the whitelist all except contacts all numbers ( emphasis mine ) . there are plenty other similar apps available , just search for " blacklist " or " call blocker " on the playstore .
in my experience , yes . i tried without wiping and cm7 failed to boot .
before you do anything - make a nandroid backup using clockworkmod recovery or any other recovery tool that you may have . this is really important as it means that anything you can can be undone if needed . that said - i believe you can delete these files . i have not removed files from /data/data/ manually before , but to the best of my knowledge it will not have any bad side effects . i recommend you try just renaming that folder to something else to start off with and run your phone for a while to see if anything bad happens , if not then you are good to just remove it .
problems after dropping the phones typically come from two reasons : physical damage brown out ( unclean voltage drop ) the voltage drop may temporarily lock up the circuit , so you could take out the battery for some time to let it properly reset . else inspect the connector springs if they are bent and measure the battery voltage , try a spare battery , etc .
keep on top of your apps : deleting the ones you do not use and the ones that are poorly coded resource hogs . clear individual apps caches in settings > applications > manage applications by choosing clear cache . reboot your device periodically ( i have no evidence to back up that this improves performance but it seems to work for me ) ( this answer is a community wiki so feel free to add or amend )
here is some performance tips : have plenty of extra space in the internal memory . the phone uses the internal memory to store apks and caches , if you have very little internal memory , it might make it difficult for the phone to find contiguous area large enough to store and load the cache . while flash-based storage are not as badly affected by fragmentation as disk-based storage , there will still be a major performance hit if the apks or cache file is fragmented into 1000 pieces . you should not need to clear caches . the caches are needed for the best performance of the phone . if you clear caches , and you have performance improvement , that is just because you have made an extra space and that makes it easier for new programs to create and load their caches . while you might be happy with this , it is only a temporary fix until the program rebuilds the cache and it becomes sluggish again . best way to resolve this situation is to keep an amount of empty space ( about 10-30% of the internal memory , the optimal figure depends on the size of your internal memory ) , do not install too many programs and uninstall programs you do not use ; this way you prevent program you do not use to build caches you do not use . prefer small programs , which generally produces smaller caches . avoid app2sd for applications you frequently use , unless you have class 6 or higher sd card . put only big applications that you do not use frequently on sd card ( e . g . games ) ; homescreen , keyboard , and widgets should be in the internal memory for best performance ( android prevents you from installing them on sd card , but it is not impossible to force move them to sd ) . avoid program that have background services and avoid home screen widgets . while there are valid reasons for programs to spawn background service ( e . g . music player , im , etc ) and while some home screen widgets are very useful ; they can degrade performance if you have too many of them . background service and home screen widgets will eat up rams that the os cannot reclaim as easily as sleeping applications . android usually will reclaim memory from unused applications first , but only in very dire circumstances that it kills background services and home screen . this is not an outright ban on background services and home screen widgets ; just to be a bit conservative in the use of widgets since no os in the world can smoothly run more programs than it was designed to handle .
their website does not say that you need to be rooted to use it . just need a nzb file and a usenet account .
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
i was able to update to rc2 which fixed the bug introduced in rc1 . as i mentioned in the comment to @mohdyusuf unfortunately i can not upgrade beyond rc2 now , due to the same " getprop ( ) " errors mentioned in my question . but at least the right-side audio problem is resolved with rc2 .
to support my bluetooth headset , my desire was to turn bluetooth on when i am in the contacts app or in a call . i could do it only while in a call but then i can not make sure my headset is connected before the other party picks up . none of the solutions already posted would work . setting %bluetoothneeded on when in contacts or in call means that when a call starts , it sets %bluetoothneeded on but then when contacts becomes background to being in call , it sets %bluetoothneeded off and bluetooth turns off . using the inverse operation , turn bluetooth off when not in contacts and not in call but turn bluetooth on as an exit task almost works , but apparently tasker notices the brief period when contacts loses foreground status and the call has not started yet and turns bluetooth off . so here 's what worked for me , based on this blog : create a task called Dummy with an action of Tasks &gt; Wait &gt; 1ms create a profile called stateInCall with a condition of State &gt; Phone &gt; Call &gt; Type: Any . link it to the Dummy task . create a profile called stateInContacts with a condition of State &gt; Application &gt; Contacts . link it to the Dummy task . create a profile called Bluetooth Needed with a condition of State &gt; Variable &gt; Variable Value . set name to %PACTIVE , op to Matches , and value to *,stateInCall,*|*,stateInContacts,* . according to the tasker docs , %pactive contains a comma-separated list of active profiles where the list also begins and ends with a comma to make matching easier . link this profile to a task called Bluetooth On that turns bluetooth on using the Net &gt; Bluetooth &gt; Set: On action . create a task called Conditional Bluetooth Off with the following actions : task > wait > 10 seconds task > if > %PACTIVE does not match *,stateInCall,*|*,stateInContacts,* net > bluetooth > set : off task > end if long press on the Bluetooth Needed profile then choose Properties . uncheck Restore Settings . quick press the Bluetooth Needed profile till the Bluetooth On task appears below it , in the right column . long press Bluetooth On and choose Add Exit Task , then choose Conditional Bluetooth Off . Conditional Bluetooth Off will wait 10 seconds before double checking that neither stateInCall nor stateInContacts are true , at which point it will turn bluetooth off . otherwise , it leaves bluetooth on and when both stateInCall and stateInContacts exit later , it will do its 10 second wait and check again .
or probably you can use " inverted " conditions to do an opposite task ? , e.g. if you want to run a task when wifi is connected or when the profile:a is inactive , you can instead setup contexts for " wifi is disconnected " and " profile : a is active " both with " inverted " checkbox selected , and setup a task that does the opposite , if that is possible . this basically works because of : (A OR B) = NOT((NOT A) AND (NOT B))
you could make your action depend on a variable "%condition=true " and then make two different profiles : profile a : set condition to " true " profile b : set condition to " true " your profile : if variable " condition"=true then . . . and there goes your exit task but would be nice if the authors would enhance tasker for that . . . : )
you will need to make a single profile for each context and pair it to the action individually .
specify ssid in the wifi connected context to be ABC/XYZ this will activate the context if you connect to abc or xyz , reference : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
assuming you are using the gmail app , simply start a new message , then choose Menu | Attach and select what you want to attach . you will need to repeat for each file , but you can certainly add more than one .
these files are all system images for the android emulator . that is , they contain the filesystems for the emulated android phone inside the emulator . the ones that are in sdk directories can be removed from the android sdk manager and reinstalled any time you want . the ones in your user directory were generated by running the emulator : they contain the files and data you have created in the emulator . only you know whether they contain any important data . if your emulated android system does not have any data you want to save , you can delete them . make sure to remove the corresponding avd entries that use them from the avd manager , as the avd will not be able to boot once you have removed its files : you will have to start a new avd from scratch . btw , it is not necessary to download a fresh android sdk each time you install an ide . just tell the ide the path where you installed the android sdk . rather than just worrying about the large files , it'll be better to completely remove the copies of the sdk you are not using .
for a manual approach , i found a download link for the firmware off the asus site . i think my mistake earlier was in the download pages os selector i looked at winxp , win7 , never considered ( or noticed ) that android was an os option . then you download and unzip the 250 meg file . then you copy it to an sd card , with asus as the folder at the root . pop it into the tranformer , and you get a notification that it is preparing the sd card , and then that there is a software update available . at that point , you are at the same basic functionality as the over the air upgrade path . make sure you are plugged in ( or do not run out of power ) . however , this is a workaround , as opposed to fixing the core issue , of why the ota upgrade was not available .
the best thing for this is going to be tasker . best three bucks you will ever spend on an android phone .
google does not provide a native client for syncing tasks . there are plenty of good apps on google play that will do this . gtasks is one good example .
when repligo talks about " bookmarks " , it does not mean the " paper clip to remember your last reading position " . it rather speaks in terms of pdf specifics , where " bookmarks " are what is commonly referred to as " table of contents " ( or in short : toc ) , see repligo reader for android features . and that is something the creator sets , not the reader . but the same linked page gives you an idea for a work-around : you can use " annotations " . this way you get a kind of " named bookmarks " , which should be selectable like those " pdf bookmarks " . i cannot say how exactly repligo handles this , as i do not use it myself . it could very well be that it simply allows to add annotations , but does not keep an index for them . so in case you do not really need to change/edit things into the pdf , you might want to take a look at moon+ reader pro for an alternative : this pro version also offers pdf support . and ( at least with epub , what i mostly use ) it handles bookmarks , annotations , highlights , and other whats-nots quite fine , including an index to look them up , and more .
if you were to have a custom recovery installed onto your device , it may have options to partition the internal storage . at least , the sgs2 cwm recovery does .
i do not know for sure , but think changing internal partition layout can only be done on special development devices with the security turned off ( called s-off ) . the problem of running out of space on the internal data partition has been solved by many custom roms that can be installed after using the official htc unlock process , however . these custom roms have various methods of supporting putting apps on the sd card ( in a more seamless way than standard android ) or putting even more of the data partition storage requirements on to it ( although this often requires formatting the sd card to the ext file system and sometimes even multiple partitions ) . make sure you go through your app list in settings first , moving anything you can to sd card , by the standard android method . this is often enough and easier than installing a custom rom with a2sd ( + ) /d2w support .
you can use smart shortcuts ( lets you organize applications and bookmarks in folders using tags ) , of the astro file manager , which let you add shortcuts to folders of the filesystem .
superoneclick , and other one click root methods use a rootkit exploit that has been patched in the newer versions of android . to root the newer versions of android , a new exploit is needed . you would have to find a way to install the binaries , and set the permissions . this can be done using the stock recovery - it just needs to be signed correctly , and as such , could be quite difficult . other ways include flashing a custom boot.img file using the bootloader . if your device does not come with a flashable bootloader then you are really out of options sorry .
update original stock rom of callbar mobiles is available on following official link . millions of thanks to company 's sales head officer in my country to whom i talked on mobile . he was kind enough to spare his precious time and guided me to download stockrom and flash it properly . without naming him on this public portal , i would like to tell that he is great person . there are 3 stock roms for models callbar a1 , callbar a2 and callbar tab7 available under the modem driver download section . the rar file includes all tools and software required for flashing . here is the link http://www.callbar.in/kingmove.html go in details for how to use ' researchdownload ' software to flash the rom .
if the hotspot ssid shows in your android device means , definitely it wont be an ad-hoc network . most probably the the problem would be getting dhcp ip from your laptop . try giving static ip to both hotspot network and your android device .
go to wifi settings > advanced > uncheck the option titled " avoid poor connections " . that will probably get rid of the " poor connection prompt . "
the app you are looking for is tts extended , search the market for it . i think the app stopped being available with version 2.2 because i can no longer find it on my phone , it is probably integrated now . since you have 2.1 it should be there for you : here is a link to the app . i know it works because i used it on my previous droid in conjunction with google translate , it worked very well with italian by the way .
now with your latest details , a raw approach . as you are on a stock rom , switching gps might not work out-of-the-box . in case it does not work , take a look at the secure settings plugin , which should be able to help out . i assume your raw concept is : 8am to 5pm is work time , and you want different settings during work hours and after leaving work , considering eventual late-work issues . so this should preferably turn out as a single profile : at work do . . . and after work switch to . . . . so here 's what shoud basically work : profile " work": condition : time from 8am till 5pm task : audio -> silent mode : on exit task : misc -> gps : on ( might need to be replaced by secure settings , see above ) now we enter a second profile , and you probably do not even need gps : profile : " afterwork": condition : state -> tasker -> profile active : " work " [ x ] invert state -> phone -> cell near : ( scan your work cells ) [ x ] invert task : audio -> silent mode : off so you see you neither need gps nor the 15min wait loop . at 8am the " work " profile gets active , and switches your phone to silent mode . as you do not really need gps , you can define some dummy exit task here ( e . g . again switching silent mode on ) , as otherwise tasker would automatically revert to the " before " mode . the second profile does not even check conditions before " work " has completed , as tasker remembers which profiles are active . after that , it starts monitoring the surrounding mobile cells -- which are either known by the phone as needed for telephony . if none of the surrounding cells match any of the scanned cells , the attached task is executed and silent mode turned off . but why so complicated ? much easier done like this : profile " work": condition : cell near ( scan your work place mobile cells ) task : audio -> silent mode : on done . no matter what time you are at work , your phone will be silent . and no matter whether you leave work early or late , silent mode will be switched off .
although this question is already answered , and accepted , i would like to add to it . sounds like what you want is pure location-based profiles . tasker is very powerful , but if you are willing to try an alternative , there is llama . it is roughly the same as tasker , except that almost every action is location-based . it ' learns ' a location you want to set up ( like home ) , by scanning the antennae of the mobile network in the immediate area . that is a lot more energy-efficient than using gps . for the things you want to set up , llama will be much simpler to configure . let the phone learn the places you want to use in your conditions , and add one or more actions . e.g. " leave home " -> do " enable bluetooth " " disable wifi " . you will not have to worry about timings , as the profiles only change when you physically , actually move to or from a location . give it a try . ps : i am not affiliated .
official gmail app uses accounts , provided by android , so it is impossible . only if you will use some patched version , what will use private accounts , it possible .
generally speaking , no , clockworkmod ( and other custom recoveries ) do not backup your bootloader . you can physically look at your backup directory to verify this , but i have never seen a custom recovery that included a bootloader in the backups . what you typically get is : boot partition system partition data partition ( also /sdcard/.android_secure depending on the recovery/version ) sdext ( if you have it ) wimax partition ( if you have it ) the general rule is to make sure you have the correct hboot version before you restore a nandroid backup , and you had have to flash it separately .
i do not have an archos , but when i view all apps on my phone i can press the menu button and select a view type from in there ( including alphabetical ) . do you have anything similar ? you could also try another launcher , such as adw . and yes , it is often called the app drawer : )
if your android is not root , you can try another pc program called backuptans android sms + mms transfer . connected your phone to computer via usb or wifi and then click the backup button to save messages on computer . and yes , mms restoring from computer to android is supported . tested with my galaxy s3 . ps : it also can work for an android phone with broken screen . just make sure your have enabled usb debugging on device first .
titanium backup should be able to backup and restore both sms and mms messages ( requires root ) . launch it and select the " messages " item from the backup/restore menu :
i am afraid , it might not be possible . first of all , the ideal requirement for ics to run on any phone is dual core processor , and your phone does not have good processor . secondly the ram , your phone has only 256mb of ram wherein for ics to work smoothly , it requires atleast 512mb ram .
i do not think you can do it via adb , but you can programmatically change the orientation using.setRequestedOrientation(ActivityInfo.SCREEN_ORIENTATION_LANDSCAPE); you could link this up to a timer that would change the orientation every five minutes if that is what you want to do , or write it into unit tests to automatically check if everything goes ok when you change orientation .
in settings / location settings , uncheck " report from this device " . make also sure to disable google now . seems to do the trick with maps 6.14.1 on jb 4.1.2 .
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
make sure the wi-fi router is not banning you . wi-fi routers have a setting to allow/deny specific mac addresses which could be used by your brother ( to tease you ) . if you are allowed to connect with router , this means dhcp is not working for you . dhcp service automatically assign ips to devices in network . dhcp server on router could be corrected after reboot . it has assigned ip to your brother 's device , after all . if rebooting router does not work , it means that dhcp client in your device is not working properly to obtain ip . try turning off - on wi-fi , restart device . if its not a big matter , you may do factory reset , too . if it is also not working or you do not want to do factory reset , fix ip of device . on wi-fi settings screen , hit menu button and tap Advanced . from here , you can fix ip to device after ticking Use Static IP address . if you do not know ip addressing , grab your brother 's ip and change digit after last dot . make sure , no other device in network has that ip .
this feature is not available as of now . but you should frequently check the google now app page for such updates . this feature is available on siri though , but that is probably irrelevant right now . in the meantime , you can still get turn by turn navigation to take you home by saying " directions to home " . it would be a good app feature though .
you can search for a contact by saying " open contact " then the person 's name . takes it a few seconds but it shows name numbers and addresses . all of which allow you to tap to call , text or get directions directly from google now .
google now is an extension of the search function , so you could use the search voice function to issue a navigate command . however due to my accent i find that it causes issues . however you can navigate directly to a person via the contact app . when the contact app is open , search for contact you want ( you need to be in the contact tab , not the phone tab - favourites tab will work too ) . press on the person 's picture ( or icon if no picture ) - this will pop up an action bar of everything you can do with the contact , from phoning , e-mailing , facebook etc , and if you have an address for that person , by scrolling the action bar you should see the map icon , which if pressed provides their address in the action box . press the address , choose maps if it is not already your always use . if you have navigation set up to be your standard on the bubble bar press the navigation option , otherwise press on the bubble bar to bring up the address , and choose the navigation option . if directions only option , use that and when directions shows details to get there , use the navigation button on bottom right to go into it .
the term " bluetooth headset " is very broad . different headsets support different bluetooth profiles . the most common profile is hsp ( used mainly for phone calls ) , which seems to be independent of the headphones jack you are referring to . so pairing your android device with a cheap headset that supports hsp only ( e . g . plantronics 242 ) will not affect audio routing to the headphones jack at all . your bluetooth headset and your android device will continue to operate in parallel , but each handling a different audio stream ( channel ) . if you are looking to disable the microphone only in your android phone , it seems that only a headset with an a2dp profile could be a possible solution . you may want to read at the following thread : sending bluetooth audio from the stereo ( a2dp ) to headset ( hsp ) profile
you need your tablet it be rooted for this . after rooting use scr screen recorder ( preferably the pro version ) to record your screen . there are many apps available but i found this the best
you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
your nexus 10 should be able to upgrade to the newest android 4.4 kitkat any day now . it has a new option to record the screen , but you need to be/know someone who has basic knowledge about the android sdk : http://developer.android.com/about/versions/kitkat.html#44-screen-recording since you did not accept an answer yet , hope this info still helps and i am not necromancing your thread . ; )
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
its referring to the resolution that the video camera can record video in . 720p ( 1280×720 ) is a high definition resolution . apparently the maximum video resolution of the nexus s is only 720x480 which is standard definition . many new android handsets have the ability to record hd video which is why it would be something to complain about with the nexus s .
it is not bluetooth , but try my open source project cross copy for inter-device copy and paste : browse to http://cross-copy.net on both devices choose the same code word to establish a connection between the devices upload the files on the mac a download link for each file will appear on the page of the nexus 7
provided both the android handset and your mac share a common wifi connection ( same ap that allows client-to-client connections ) : install an ftp server or a webserver app that allows uploading : for example airdroid . it allows file-uploading via drag and drop even . you will find your uploaded files in airdroid/upload in the sdcard folder .
that is not duplicates . if you are the " device owner " , /storage/emulated/0/ is your storage area ( where your files etc . reside ) . /storage/emulated/legacy/ is a symbolic link , always pointing to the logged-in user 's storage . that is , if you are the device owner , and you are logged in , both locations are identical . if some apps show the contained files as " dupes " , they obviously have problems interpreting symlinks . while for the gallery , this sounds pretty strange ( if we are talking about the stock gallery , and not a 3 rd party app ) : the very same android developers who designed the multi-user capabilities should have been aware of that . still , this is not the first time i heard about it . i cannot find the other issue currently , but a solution is as follows : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , and scroll to the gallery app . open its entry , tap " clear cache " and " delete data " . tap the back key , and repeat the same for the " media storage " app . do not be afraid about losing data : the media scanner will re-collect them at its next run . you can trigger the scan by either . . . powering off/on the device ( bah ! ) going to settings&rarr ; storage and safely remove the sdcard , then mount it again ( ok for one-time use : ) using a helper app like e.g. sdrescan or rescan sd card ! ( if you need it more often ) once the media scanner is finished , all your media should re-appear in the gallery app . hopefully without the " dupes " : )
if you pair you bluetooth headset , you can make and receive calls over it without a problem . if you want messages to be read to you , ( tts ) , install the handcent app and refer : http://www.handcent.com/faq.php#tag_speeksms
go to my apps in google play browse all the apps note : made as answer as requested
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
i also have a samsung galaxy s2 , and experienced the same issue before . it is possible that the rom or the radio ( firmware ) has problems . if so , you should try to update them . i am now using a custom rom ( cyanogenmod , latest nightly ) , and have not encountered this issue so far .
i also have a sgs2 , and have had the same problem 2-3 times only . i turn on flight mode , and back . this solves the problem for me since it doesnt happen so ofthen . if you still have the problem after this , i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices
i can think of two relevant facts . apps that were pre-installed as part of the system ( i.e. . came with the phone ) are not deleted by a factory reset : they just go back to the original version , and will probably be updated by google play later . if you had back up my data turned on in the device settings ( on the backup and reset page ) , then as soon as you signed into your google account , the phone will have started to reinstall all the apps you had installed previously , and the data of all the apps that support google backup .
you cannot install an over-the-air ( ota ) update from the manufacturer or carrier if you have clockworkmod recovery installed , even if you disable the signature verification . you will need to return to the stock recovery console and stock rom ( if you are currently running a custom rom ) first , and then go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; About -&gt; System Updates and re-start the update process . keep in mind that you will lose root once the ota is installed , and you will have to re-root your phone all over again . alternatively , you can see if there is a custom rom available for your phone that is based on the same android version as the ota , such as cyanogenmod . i would start at xda-developers forums for your phone . in either case , it is very likely that you will need to wipe your device 's internal memory also ( which erases all of your installed apps and settings , ) so do not forget to backup what you want to keep .
the apk is the app . installing an app on someone 's phone is itself giving them the apk , so it is a nonsense to talk about installing the app without giving them the apk . it is analogous to asking if you can run a program on a windows machine without giving them the exe file . if you instead want to install an app on someone 's phone without them being able to copy the app to a different phone , the author of the app needs to use an anti-piracy library ( a . k.a. " licensing service" ) to stop the app when it is run on an unauthorized phone . as programming questions are off-topic on this site , i will not discuss that further .
the way most developers do it is through an application distribution service ( google play , amazon appstore . . . ) . but if you are not ready to publish those options may not seem like good ones . so your alternate option would be to install over adb , done either over a cable or network .
provided you have physical access to the device , you can manually install your app by doing the following : install android sdk tools from this page ( download for other platforms → sdk tools only . ) install usb drivers for the phone ( usually from manufacturer 's site . ) turn on usb debugging on the phone ( in settings → developer options ) connect the phone via usb ( you can also do this over wi-fi with a number of apps if the phone is rooted . ) open command prompt or terminal and navigate to the " platform-tools " sub-directory of where you installed the sdk tools . issue the following command : adb install path_to_apk\your_app.apk keep in mind though that you are still essentially " letting them have " the apk , since the installation simply copies the apk file to the appropriate directory on the phone ( usually /data/app or /data/app-private ) and registers it with android 's package manager . a knowledgeable enough user can still retrieve the apk .
tasker . this is by far the best automated task scheduler available for android . it does come at a hefty price ( $6.50 us ) , but it is well worth the price .
if you have a rooted phone this should do the job : cron4phone free i just did a quick and dirty search for " cron " on the market , there could be possibly better apps for your needs
caution : does not use tasker . take a look at [ whatsapp ] scheduler root beta . it lets you schedule messages , and also lets you specify the frequency ( once , every minutes , hourly , daily , weekly , monthly , anually , steps ) . requires root access .
noveau is a driver for the x . org graphics system so it definitely could not be used verbatim . the one part that i would expect to possibly be useful would be the code that actually talks to the hardware . the same is true for any other x . org driver . but in noveau 's case , most of the work is in reverse-engineering the hardware interface as nvidia refuses to release the documentation . this work could definitely be reused in a hypothetical android nvidia driver .
almost none of the regular linux graphics architecture is used on android ( that is , mesa , xwindows , etc ) . driver developers can choose to reuse major portions of their drivers , but there is a lot of plumbing involved to get drivers to work with surfaceflinger ( and gralloc , and the hardware composer ) , including 3d rendering as well as display output ( hdmi support , etc . ) .
this post should ( or might ) help : gmail 's delete button is not gone , it is just hiding . edit : as per the url , follow the steps below : hit the menu button , and go to settings . then , go to general settings . you should see the option below at the top of the list - archive and delete actions . right now , it should be set to " show archive only " tap it , and you get three options - archive only , delete only , and archive and delete . the third option gets rid of the ' move to folder ' action . choose the one you want ( probably the second or third ) , and you are set to go - your little trash icon will return . note : if you still want to swipe to delete , you must select ' delete only ' from the actions menu above .
from wikipedia , fota is an acronym for firmware over-the-air . it is used for upgrades to mobile phones and pdas .
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
fota is the short form of firmware over the air . . . . . it is the concept through which we update our smart phone only it need wifi or 3g internet connectivity .
first of all , since you have modified the system , the ota update could very well fail partway through -- most of those are distributed as patches against the existing binaries . the easy way to update is to find a pre-rooted stock rom , like this one . you may need to update your radio first though , information and download links are available here . i think the one you have was the official froyo radio -- you will need the gingerbread radio for newer roms to work properly . 2.15.10.07.07 is the official gingerbread radio . however , if you want to go the hard way , keeping root ( or at least the ability to re-root easily ) is easy provided your incredible is nand unlocked ( aka s-off ) . recent versions of unrevoked do this automatically , but depending on where you downloaded from and when could affect that . to check if you are s-off , reboot into the bootloader ( aka hboot ) . to do that , power off the phone , then hold down the volume down button and power it up . keep the vol dn button held until you get a screen like the following : you can also see the notification that it has s-off at the top of the screen . that is what you want to see . if that is missing ( or says s-on ) , then you do not have s-off . if you are not , get the latest unrevoked forever . once that is done , you can flash whatever you want and still be able to reroot easily by simply flashing your recovery of choice ( often clockworkmod ) from hboot and then reflashing a root/superuser package from recovery .
1 ) no there is currently no way to sort them . as you have noticed you can hide them and give them different names but not remove them . from my experience they disappear after 9 months without checking in to the play store , so simply hide any that you do not want to see . 2 ) again i do not think this is possible at the moment via the play store .
looks like the external keyboard helper app lets me switch layouts of an external usb keyboard on my nexus 7 , no root access needed .
i have a similar issue trying to get my physical keyboard to work with dvorak . i came across the following links : http://www.mjvanderwielen.com/?p=1321 http://jahrome.free.fr/index.php/keyboard-mapping-android-htc-desire?lang=en these essentially describe how to create your own keyboard mapping file . you had need root access to do this . i have not tried this myself though ( yet . )
apparently , android 4.1 has built-in support for changing the layout of usb and bluetooth keyboards , /and/ allows users to install custom layouts without root . not much use for devices without jellybean , but it is good to know that up-to-date devices do not have this issue anymore . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17119
as a partial solution . . . i have had some success with extkeyboardremapper ( aka laurent2o1o keyboard ) . i successfully swapped q with a by following the translated french instructions . i have not got as far as creating a full layout , but i wonder if i could just copy layouts from somewhere in ubuntu . edit : on ubuntu and probably most other linux systems , these files are found in : /usr/share/X11/xkb/symbols/  for non-linux users , here 's the web repo of the source : http://cgit.freedesktop.org/xkeyboard-config/tree/symbols?h=2.2-branch the files are not directly compatible with extkeyboardremapper , but they can serve as a guide for making the k2g.cfg file . colemak and dvorak can be found in the us file , other files such as gb just amend the us version it seems . edit : using the x11 keyboard layout files as a guide , i made a k2g.cfg for colemak , to complete my solution . here 's how to use it : mkdir /sdcard/keyremap  make this file : /sdcard/keyremap/s2k.cfg 86 =&gt; 773  this is because android does not seem to have a keycode for &lt;LSGT&gt; , so let 's call it 773 for now . make this file : /sdcard/keyremap/k2g.cfg the prepended 0 's effectively comment out the line . i have commented out all but the necessary lines due to this bug , but if the bug gets fixed , or you use the altgr characters more than ctrl shortcuts , then just uncomment them . us users can cut the uk extension at the end , others will have to replace it with their own . if you really want to duplicate your backspace key , you need to add this line to s2k.cfg: 58 =&gt; 67  . . . but you may find that the backspace function is merely added to the capslock key . now just install extkeyboardremapper , enable it , and select it !
according to the first android related link on the front page of http://colemak.com/ the anysoftkeyboard app ( market link ) is their main recommendation for android phones . one of the bullet points in the featuireslist on their home page is : physical keyboard is supported as-well . it sounds like that could do the job for you ?
as long as your tablet is running android 4.1 or newer then there are a number of music players that can put player controls in the notification area on your device . this is so that you can just access the notification bar while you are running another app , without exiting the original app . i have not got a screenshot handy of how it looks on a tablet , but here 's an example of one on a phone : try searching the play store for something like mp3 notification bar controls
i had to use fastboot oem lock on my galaxy nexus . at my unlocked device i could not see the filesystem in explorer ( mtp ) .
from this xda thread by albundy2010 i have seen quite of few people screw up their devices by not knowing what they are doing . so i am making this thread to simply tell people not familiar with fastboot what they should and should not do . fastboot oem unlock will unlock your bootloader and do a complete wipe of your device . as far as i know the only way for something to go wrong here is if you are device is low on battery and shuts off during the process . either plug it in or have a " good " amount of juice left in your battery . to be 100 percent sure plug it in . before i get into oem lock imho you should only use this command for one thing only . getting the device ready to send into motorola for the lgt upgrade or a another warranty repair or some sort . when done properly it is completely safe but there is no reason to do to go back to " stock " . fastboot oem lock . do not issue this command unless you are absolutely sure you have the correct software on your device . the correct software is what you get from the motodev site for your device . you need the official sofware images for your specific device and region . if it is not released then do not re-lock the device . if you have a ota installed you will need to flash back to the motodev images first .
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
problem solved , and i think i am finally getting a handle on all of this after several hours of some serious digging through the interwebz , and a bit of trial and error . so here is what i ended up doing , step by step : locate a stock rom as suggested by matthew read and user12295 . this was possibly the hardest part as there were so many dead links out there , and i ended up using a link i found to the shipped roms website . i elected to download the file labelled RUU_Ace_Gingerbread_S_HTC_WWE_2.50.405.2_Radio_12.54.60.25_26.09.04.11_M2_release_199042_signed.exe . fully charged the battery on the phone . located the original htc cable in a fit of paranoia and connect my phone to my laptop using a usb2.0 port . for some weird reason the usb3.0 on my particular laptop would not let me connect the phone during the flashing process the first time i tried to do this . ran the ruu utility that i had downloaded , crossed my fingers , and waited for the phone to be wiped and flashed after navigating the various screens of the ruu . saw my phone go through a reboot at the end of the process . . . and all connectivity was working with full networking/identity data restored . so it turns out that the imei number is flashed to a different bit of the phone 's internal memory , and the stock flash somehow picks this up . so all systems go , but i miss many of the features of the phone , including the better battery life that i had under a better rom and because a couple of my own experimental apps will no longer work . all of a sudden i wish i would downloaded the 1.72 version of the ruu as it seems i need to go through a downgrade process in order to root the phone and get a custom rom reinstalled . after a bit more interwebz digging , i came across an application called ultimate multi tool , and i worked through the following procedure : connected phone to laptop ( as per earlier process ) set phone to charge only on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> unknown sources on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging ran the ultimate multi tool operations -> temproot operations -> gold card . clicked on the cid button to get the id for my sd-card . clicked on the " free htc goldcard generator " link and filled out the form on the screen to generate a goldcard image . clicked on the load goldcard . img button and located the goldcard . img file clicked on the create goldcard button . operations -> downgrade . i needed to locate a file called pd98img . zip before i could begin the downgrade process . the downgrade process was very slow . took about 30 minutes for me , but your time may vary . as an afterthought , simply applying an earlier ruu may have been a better approach , but i thought i should document exactly what i did . phone rebooted into hboot menu , and i simply followed instructions on pc and phone screens . waited for downgrade to complete and rebooted phone . repeat steps 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 used on screen buttons to push visionary+ and superuser to the phone . on the phone , ran visionary+ checked the set system r/w after root checkbox selected temproot now after process finished , selected permroot now superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button phone reboots set phone to charge only once it had finished rebooting completely back to ultimate multi tool , and selected file -> check s-off/cid/sim superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button tool now reports back that the cid is a whole bunch of 1 's , phone is s-off , and sim unlocked . :- )
you should be able to do this by going to Settings => Repeat while the video is playing and enable it . ( source )
the stock video player on the s3 does not have this functionality . you can achieve it by installing another video app such as vlc for android .
man , you are out of luck . versions of injustice for android and ios differ greatly . the ios version generally gets updated months before android . this affects what characters you can buy , what challenges you can complete etc . i thinks it is safe to say they are incompatible . and from my experience the android version performs rather poorly compared to ios . considering all of the above i would recommend sticking to your iphone for playing injustice .
make sure that your application manifest is not making any requirements for hardware capabilities that the device does not actually have . it is possible that some capability that you were requesting was taken away in the device 's firmware update ; if you are requesting any capabilities in androidmanifest . xml via uses-feature , make sure that you set required="false" for anything that you can use but do not actually require for operation . common culprits are trackball and certain classes of multitouch support .
have the user check their content rating filtering options . in the market app they should tap the menu button , then go to Settings -&gt; Set Level , check the " show all apps " option and tap OK .
i do not have your phone model on hand to try , but you can give this link a shot . generally , just go to settings > security > check make passwords visible . this is true for my phone ( htc desire , bcm 4.0.4 ) . hope it works for you .
the first android version of the moto x was android 4.2.2 jelly bean . as a consequence you can downgrade your moto x until android 4.2.2 only , not ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 . x ) .
the full guide can be found here but i have included the steps below in case that page is not available . note : all of your personal information , data , accounts and so on will be deleted so make sure you have a backup on your computer android sdk must be installed : learn how to install android sdk on windows , or learn how to set up adb on mac os x / linux . also , on the same computer the moto x drivers must be installed . download the rsdlite app from here . save the file on your computer . also , install the program . get the moto x stock android os from this page . on your computer , unzip the downloaded update file . then , from the folder that will be created right click on the file with . xml extension . select “open with” followed by “notepad” or any other xml editor from your computer . find the following string and delete it : “step operation=”getvar” var=”max-download-size” . save and close the notepad window . open the rsdlite program on your computer . take your moto x and connect your phone with the pc via usb cord . on your pc now open a command prompt window ( start -> run -> cmd ) . on the cmd window type : adb reboot bootloader . your phone will be rebooted in fastboot mode . from rdslite , click on the three-dot browse file button and select the . xml file . up next , click on “start” . wait while the process is running on don’t press anything else . when the firmware is successfully installed you will be able to unplug the usb cord . good ; now reboot your smartphone .
seems like your office network team had block your mobile from accessing internet . there is nothing to do with your device issue . if your device connects to wifi excepts your office wifi then this is not your device issue . if you want to start it again contact your network team .
i am returning it today because the video is non-watchable , contains flicker and artifacts obviously it is from a bad batch ( defective units out of the box , april 2013 ) . at least i have tested it and saw artifacts when casting youtube video to google chromecast .
lots of screens are cracked and they still work . mine has had two cracks in it for over a year . at first i put thin non glossy mending tape on each crack . it was unnecessary no glass sticks out on it though i can feel them with a fingernail , so i just leave it bare . for anything worse and still working you might use a screen protector , which i would certainly do if the alternative was getting cuts on my fingers . would be interesting what your experience actually was as has been several months since you posted .
you may want to try 3rd-party keyboard apps that support transliteration of physical keyboards . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and with the appropriate language pack ( e . g . french with has the azerty layout ) it will transliterate physical keyboard as well .
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
cyanogenmod does not use the &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:xxxxxxx/friendof:xxxxxxx&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt; tag as htc sense does , so this can just be deleted . the facebook contact sync is setup inside the facebook for android app ( settings -> sync friends with contacts ) . this should automatically add facebook pictures and contact info to contacts . however , i have experienced that the contact pictures do not always sync after a reboot , until i have opened the facebook app and scrolled through my friend list ( then the images are loaded ) . therefore , i installed another app called syncmypix for the picture synchronization .
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
the manufacturer is trying to help you . walking around taking photos with a tablet makes you look like a twerp , so they try to discourage you by not putting a good quality camera in there . that might be a slightly silly answer , but it is not entirely untrue . taking photos with your phone is really popular these days , because you always have your phone with you . the quality of the phone camera is therefore a big selling point , and manufacturers compete on that . it is much less common to take photos with a tablet : not just because you look like a twit holding it up , but because people do not take a tablet with them on a night out , or a bike ride . tablets are mainly for using at home on the couch , or in bed , at the office , or on a long train ride . the cameras on tablets are mainly targeted at scanning qr codes , and maybe doing a little video calling over the internet . for this reason , the camera quality is not such a selling point , and it makes more sense for manufacturers to spend the budget on other factors that consumers rate , such as the screen , the ram , and the processing power .
ics or jelly bean cannot work on this particular phone due to hardware limitations , and many roms like cyanogenmod etc . are designed for the international version , not the korean version , thus you will have some problems . my recommendation to you is to use kies to go back to the latest samsung released gingerbread , root , then use a custom kernel ( tegrak is my personal choice ) to get a lagfix . it will hopefully breathe new life into your phone . hope this helps . also note there're many apps for gingerbread that give you the feel and performance of ics , such as gallery ics , camera ics , and ics launcher . aside from being unable to run chrome , you may not notice any difference .
try running " sudo adb devices " . or , fix your udev rules so that the usb device is writable by your user ( see the link in caffinatedmonkey 's comment )
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
this is most likely due to a licensing issue . you should uninstall swype and then use the swype installer to install it again .
you do not say anything about what phone or android version you currently have . but android 4.2 includes now a swype-like gestual typing keyboard . there is a downloadable version for you to install , if your phone supports it . try out the new android 4.2 keyboard now !
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
i found this 3.5mm jack noise-reducing microphone on youtube : galaxy samsung s4 external mic for mobile phone and here is the mic quoted on ebay . i plan to test it and return some feedback here . i hope it will serve me well enough for the footage i need to create - some homemade lectures .
you can do that , but you will need an adapter : the 3.5 mm jack on the phone is for a headset ( with earphones and a mic ) , so it is not made to take a standard mic input . you need to find an adapter that is for plugging a microphone into samsung phones . it might be tricky to find , but they are inexpensive . once you have the adapter , any microphone with a 3.5 mm connector will do . stage mics requiring xlr and 12 v " phantom power " will not work : you had need an extra device to supply power to the mic , such as a mixing desk with a 3.5 mm output .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
if you need an external microphone , and your device does not support usb audio ( as hiemanshu 's answer suggests ) : a work-around would be using a microphone with the 3.5" audio jack . as headsets use that successfully , it should work . i have never tried , so theoretically a side-effect could be sound output gets blocked whith the device assuming you have got a headset plugged in . if that is the case , there are apps available to control where which audio is routed to . you can find some in this list .
you positively need a computer . rooting an android phone means running an exploit , that the phone will not allow to run on itself . it can be run only on " debug via usb " mode .
as stated in the comments under the question , opera mobile acts in a much more sensible manner , creating a new tab for each link clicked . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.opera.browser
there are two ways to apply and use swap on your device , using a swap file or using a swap partition . this guide provides instructions for both of them . disable compcache first step is to confirm the status or presence of the compressed cache , thus ensuring that it is disabled . while cyanogenmod does not enable compcache support on all devices , and by default if available it comes disabled , you can check the status by accessing :  Settings \xbb CyanogenMod settings \xbb Performance settings \xbb Compcache  if it does not show , your device does not support compcache . if it show , disable it to use swap instead . using swap ( file or partition ) swap can give more available memory than compcache , but you need at least a class 6 sd card to prevent slow access times . you should also be aware that sd write wear is increased , so , the card will last less than usual would last . using a swap file this is the easiest way , you can have an app creating and managing the swap file for you : here 's three recommended apps for this : swapper 2 swapper droidswap using a swap partition you can manually create a swap partition , but for that to happen , you need to backup your sd card contents ; format , and partition it . the swap partition does bring better compatibility , when compared with swap files , but only concerning the connection of your phone as an usb mass storage device . sd card partitioning the method of reference if the use of minitool partition wizard home edition , compatible with windows 2000/xp/vista and windows 7 . download and install minitool partition wizard ; remove the sd card from your device , insert into usb sd card reader . windows should report a new drive and you should see the drive contents . delete old partitions on sd card : notes : operations are queued , not instantly applied . so nothing is deleted and changed until you click " apply " and then confirm by clicking " ok " . confirm that you are selecting and flagging to delete the correct drive . your sd card should be the smallest one present on your computer . select it , with a right mouse click , select " delete": create fat or fat32 partition : right mouse click over the sd card unallocated space , and click " create": from " create as " , select : PRIMARY from " file system " , select : for sd card bellow 2gb : FAT for sd card above 2gb : FAT32 under " size and location " , at the right side , mouse left click and hold , then slide to the left to adjust the space for this partition . create ext2 or ext3 or swap partition : right mouse click over the sd card unallocated space , and click " create": from " create as " , select : PRIMARY from " file system " , select : for app2sd : ext2 for swap : Linux Swap apply changes now that all has been created , you just need to apply and confirm the changes : on the top left , there is a button labeled " apply " , press it : a confirmation popup should be presented , press " yes": all done , your sd card can now return to your phone . if your current rom is capable of using swap , it will detect and use it . notes please read everything carefully before proceeding . as mentioned by t0mm13b in the comments to your question , this subject as been covered , and the cyanogenmod team informs that this features are disabled by default due to potential issues : swap and compressed cache ( compcache ) are optional memory management systems . by default , these schemes are disabled due to potential issues with some configurations . credits to : cyanogenmod wiki - swap and compcache xda developers forum - sd card partitioning
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
short and put in lay terms : there is no standard defined on how to pass this information between apps , so there are no two apps who can interact the way you want . longer and with some more detailed information : the app-selection menu for e.g. a browser or a homescreen only appears when multiple apps announce their being-available for a certain service , and only when this service is called ( to put it in easy words ; the longer and more technical variant talks about intents and listerners ) . while web-browsers and homescreens are somehow " generic services " existing on all android devices , there are standard " intents " defined ( see e.g. this question on stackoverflow for opening a page in a browser -- or this question here which probably explains it even better ) . as long as there is no corresponding intent ( with a defined api for how to pass it the specific chapter:verse to show ) , your wish can not be fulfilled . moreover , application developers must implement this into their apps before you can use it . as to my knowledge neither such api exists nor is it implemented -- there cannot exist any programs acting according to your wishes ( except , of course , both are from the same developer ; if two or more agreed on terms of how to handle this , that already would mean defining an api ) .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
to partially answer my own question , the cid is a unique identifier assigned to the sd card at manufacture time . it is stored in a special register which is accessed using the SEND_CID command . from page 93 of part 1 physical layer simplified specification : the card identification ( cid ) register is 128 bits wide . it contains the card identification information used during the card identification phase . every individual read/write ( rw ) card shall have a unique identification number . the cid therefore does not change when the card is formatted , and will be reported the same regardless of which device the card is plugged into . the card does have an mbr partition table , and the goldcard image is inserted into the code area of the mbr ( between 0x000 and 0x1b7 ) . there is therefore no direct interaction with the fat32 filesystem . the first 128 bytes of the image are null however , and so it does not seem to actually be executable .
you can use lightflow to manage all your led notifications and use that to turn off leds for any programs you want . you can also use it to change notification led colours as well .
i think you have caught yourself out , in short , nothing you can do ! have a look at this source that explains why , specifically in this section : system partition and safe mode the system partition contains android 's kernel as well as the operating system libraries , application runtime , application framework , and applications . this partition is set to read-only . when a user boots the device into safe mode , only core android applications are available . this ensures that the user can boot their phone into an environment that is free of third-party software . keywords is free of third-party software edit : when android boots up , it keeps a cache of the logcat , in a temporary buffer that is reserved found in /dev/log . that buffer gets recycled when it hits the threshold , obviously , the bigger the threshold , the slower android gets with the continual spamming into the logcat buffer hence kept to minimum - iirc , its around 64k : #define DEFAULT_LOG_ROTATE_SIZE_KBYTES 16 #define DEFAULT_MAX_ROTATED_LOGS 4  source : system/core/logcat/logcat.cpp do not ask how many lines that can be , as to each and to every app , its different . not alone that , the logcat disappears upon reboot !
not the best answer but maybe the information will be some what useful . the only method i am aware of that contains a log produced by the system after a reboot is /proc/last_kmsg . whether or not the kernel keeps this log file after a reboot , depends on settings provided during kernel compilation . my experience has shown that some stock devices ( htc ) have this logging enabled and others do not . i have not seen a consistent pattern .
your mentioning of busybox use let 's me assume your device ( s ) is/are rooted , so you could give the wireless mac changer a try . did not try it myself , though , as i have no need to ; )
go to the messages inbox - then on the phone panel near the home key click on the message key - it will show you three options ( setting , memory status and delet threads ) - click on setting- scroll down to notification and it will show you cell broadcasts- click on cell broadcast and unclick on all the notifications shown and voila it works .
put your sim in another mobile . select the channels in cell broadcast in other mobile and delete all of them . if channels are not enabled , then first enable them and then delete . put the sim back in your xolo q500 . your problem will now be resolved .
for the images , you should ramp up the " size to retrieve " value . most images are in the ten or hundreds of kilobytes . for the sync- the first thing you should try is -- from the homescreen , menu> settings> accounts and sync> and ensure that sync is enabled for the email client . -however- you may not have a version of the stock email client that supports the exchange push protocol . ( such a thing used to exist , although i am fairly sure all stock mail clients support exchange , nowadays ) or else , you may need to remove the account and manually re-add it as an account that uses " exchange " - hth !
i could never get heimdall to work properly . i wound up flashing my rom directly from adb instead : adb shell /sbin/recovery --wipe_data /sbin/recovery --update_package=SDCARD:romname.zip  ( romname being whatever your zip file 's name is , and at the root of the sd card )
many people at xda make tar 's from update . zip files . maybe there is a way to make update . zip cwm flashable files from odin flashable tar files .
you can use mobile odin to flash roms directly from your device . galaxy 5 ( i5500 ) is supported . see the thread at xda developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1347899
nope . mobile device drivers tend to be highly specific and there is no sort of defaults that will work across devices .
your google/gmail account will be linked to the phone , you will not be asked to authenticate each time you access your mail , what you can do is this : enable two step authentication on your google account download the google authenticator app for your shiny new android phone pin/password protect your handset [ using a pattern is not the most secure method as it can easily be guessed ] [ optional ] use a password safe service like lastpass proffit ? ? ?
using a free service like android lost , you can remotely control your phone from a web browser . you can wipe it , locate it on a map , read sms'es , take a picture remotely etc . . . to ease your concerns regarding security . while not directly an answer to your question , it might be a viable solution . not storing your google credentials on your android smartphone and accessing google services through the mobile web brower is not only very impractical , but also sort of defeats the purpose of a modern smartphone does not it ?
make sure this is not a dns issue . in the browser try navigating to the website by its ip address as opposed to the name . on your computer open command prompt and type in ping google.com and press enter . the 4 numbers 1-3 digits long separated by dots is the ip address ( e . g . 74.125.113.106 ) . now on the phone open up the browser , and in the navigation bar type in "http://" followed by the ip address you got from your computer ( e . g . http://74.125.113.106 ) and press the go key . if the website loads - your phone has a bad dns entry . the market has several apps for changing phone 's default dns .
when you are about to start android app development , you should not stick to the ' old ' gingerbread version . of course you will still use many things introduced in android 2.3 and older , so most of the tutorials still work . this is very important , because even if you target api level 15 , you need to care about backward compatibility ! as an unexperienced developer , later android versions help you writing better apps . for example android 3+ applications forces developers to use asynctasks for networking services , so your application does not freeze on network issues .
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
your question is bit unclear to me . still i am trying to answer . almost all the android phones these days ( including galaxy nexus - gnex ) have a micro-usb charging and data-syncing port . so they can be connected to your computer using a micro-usb to standard usb cable . like most other phones , gnex also comes with a micro-usb to standard usb cable and a wall charger . you can use wall power or your computer to charge your phone . and if you want to see exactly what charger comes with the gnex , checkout any of the tonnes of unboxing videos avaliable on youtube !
the screen is definitely damaged . the only solution is to replace it .
the steps you will have to take to restore to original state ( stock ) if you are rooted unroot using z4root ( if you are rooted ) you may not even have to do this with flashing the stock rom . download the stock rom for the defy http://and-developers.com/sbf:defy you will need rdslite to flash , and afaik , you can only flash the uk version as 2.51 builds cannot downgrde . you will need to search the internet for rdslite as it is a proprietary software used internally at motorola . extract the zip so you have an sbf file get the phone in the bootloader plug in the phone to usb open rds lite and browse for the sbf file click on the defy and click start you can probably find more detailed instructions , but this is the " basics " on doing it .
provided you have not rooted your phone or changed the kernel , a simple factory reset will do what you require . tap settings . scroll down and tap privacy . tap factory data reset . tap reset phone .
" online " means that viber is running in the foreground or background ( the user is available for calls or messages ) . when the phone has no internet connection , or the user manually used the " exit " option inside viber , this changes their status to " last online at . . . " in some cases , depending on the mobile kernel and software , the user uses something like power saving mode , so after the idle time , the wifi is turned off or some background application is turn off . . . so viber is turned off , your bf 's viber state is also offline .
taken from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=811457 this hack ( http://c-skills.blogspot.com/2010/07/android-trickery.html ) is almost universal . i have compiled and tested a version for x10 mini . download : exploid_x10mini . zip download and extract the archive . you will need adb from android sdk and usb drivers for x10 mini ( part of sony ericsson pc companion ) . enable usb debugging on the phone in settings> applications> development and connect the phone to pc via usb . add the power control widget to your active widgets on the phone , so you can quickly turn off and on the wi-fi function . from the command line ( on windows it is cmd . exe ) : cd c:\exploid_x10mini ( or another folder where you have extracted the files from exploid_x10mini . zip ) adb push Superuser.apk /sdcard/Superuser.apk adb push su /sdcard/su adb push exploid /sqlite_stmt_journals/exploid adb push busybox /sqlite_stmt_journals/busybox adb shell cd sqlite_stmt_journals chmod 755 exploid chmod 755 busybox immediately after the next command , you will need to disable and enable the wi-fi using the power widget on the phone : ./exploid then run : rootshell and enter password rootnow prompt will change to # - now we have root . enter the following to make it permanent : ./busybox cp /sdcard/Superuser.apk /system/app/ ./busybox cp /sdcard/su /system/bin/ ./busybox cp busybox /system/bin/ chmod 4755 /system/bin/su rm /system/bin/rootshell exit - out of rootshell exit - out of adb shell verification : when you run the abd shell again and issue su command , the superuser . apk will run on the phone and will ask whether to allow the root permissions . . .
it appears that you can do it with superoneclick . see here for details .
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
i would say your best bet is to set your phone so when wifi is turned on then 3g is disabled . i am running cyanogenmod and the built in power widget offers an option to turn off 3g automatically when the wifi is turned on . i do not remember if this was part of the stock android , but i will bet it is part of the custom rom . that being said there are a number of apps that will toggle off the 3g when the wifi is on ( like network switcher ) . the drawback to this is that you had have to toggle data manually when you have your wifi on but are not in range of any networks . if all the waps that you use are known to you , you can use y5 - battery saver to automatically turn wifi on and off when you are in and out of range to know networks . you can also do this with tasker .
i use quicksshd . it costs $1.50 us but is worthwhile for me because it gives command line access as well as full root filesystem access . does require root .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
i use wifi file explorer . it is for accessing ( and moving , etc ) files on your phone , nothing else , but it does it wonderfully .
the xda wiki entry of the nexus 7 only mentions two models : wifi model : me370t cellular model : me370tg so if you have a functional sim card slot then you have the cellular model , otherwise the wifi-only one .
there is work in progress to add support for tasks in caldav-sync . check this out : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ijc6icbiq
go to settings-> applications-> all , then long press menu button , type launcher , press on the result , then press ' force stop ' . it will automatically restart , and you will get your folder back
remove the google-account from your android system ( sync settings ) , than add it again . after that , go into your contacts and refresh / resync your contacts . now take a look at your calendar , it should be fixed now
" tomsawyer_2112 hey guys , i had to clear the calendar data for the bday to show on my calendar . this is what i did , go to settings-applications-manage applications , then select calendar storage then " delete data " . after doing this the screen ( htc evo ) will reboot ( white screen with the htc logo ) . after clearing the data , go to the calendar setting and add the bbay . hope this work for you . " source : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=58d284f1a1f36866hl=en
try a usb2 ( instead of usb3 ) port : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2077799#6 do you have a sony ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1696320 check your command : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851811#5
it is a current issue with the bootloader in the 4.4.4 ota upgrade . there are two solutions : if you still can , you should unlock before you accept the 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 upgrade ( but in your case , it is too late as you have already upgraded to 4.4.4 ) or you need to manually upgrade the bootloader on your device to get rid of this bug . there is a thread on the motorola forums to join the seeding program for the updated bootloader .
i found the solution : check the virtualbox version and go to their website and update the extension pack . this is on a fedora 20 system and after updating the virtualbox " extension pack " and uninstalling all the all the " universal serial bus controllers " drivers in " device manager " of the guest ( windows 7 ) , and then shutting down the guest and rebooting the host . everything is back to normal and working . yei
if you want to go the wireless route i would recommend wi-fi file explorer pro . just make a tethered wifi network ( or be on the same router ) use the app on your phone to get a local ip and transfer all files directly . it needs no installation on your computer ; just install it on your phone and use it .
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
if you have root access on your device and just denying access to the camera is enough , you can try an app like permissions denied to disable the permission for your app to read the camera . if you are comfortable with taking apart your phone , it looks like the camera cable could be physically disconnected without going too far into the device , according to this teardown .
for some reason this just worked itself out . one day i did " update phonebook " in the bluetooth menu , and then everyone showed up . before that , i thought i was going to have to remove my wife , brother , mom , etc , from favorites to get them to show up in the car 's bluetooth menu . so , if this happens to you , try " update phonebook " in your vw/audi bluetooth menu .
no it doesnt trigger knox and try another computer to fix the connection error , happened to me
well that is really not the solution . solution is to fix this issue , please ! why is it so hard to get the alt-gr to work ? still the same issue in android 4.1.2 .
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
you need to create a port forwarding to your android device . this can be done with adb . for example : run adb forward tcp:12345 tcp:23456 and then use the uri http://localhost:12345 to access the server running on port 23456 in the emulator . note that some ports are reserved for android and some can only be used after rooting , so i would suggest using high ports ( > 20000 ) if you can .
my list of recent destinations is indeed what it says . you can " star " a location on the map , and then under navigation there is a panel for " starred " destinations .
use adb uninstall org.openintents.filemanager .
edit : when i saw the comment to commonsware answer i did not realize it was the same as the asker . . . anyways , a little explanation may be useful for somebody . as yourself commented , the easiest way to uninstall a system app is plainly to delete the .apk file . the adb install / adb uninstall commands are useful for regular apps , not system apps . since this apk is located in /system/app , adb uninstall will not remove it . you can use the command suggested ( rm /system/app/YourApp.apk ) , but before the /system folder need to have write access . you will need to see how to remount /system in your specific device , try searchig for " android remount +rw /system" and your device ) . alternatively , you may use any app that can do both deletion and remounting and has root access , such as root explorer and astro
when manually deleting application from /system remember to delete their corresponding data folder in /data/data/«identifier» there is also a track of the previous apk signature in /data/system/packages . xml that can prevent a reinstall of a rebuilt package with a different key .
the ' Failure' problem has more to do with the adb shell appending a dos line ending ^m ( on centos linux anyway ) . put the list of applications to uninstall in a file and copy to the android device directly .
it looks like the issue was in either jellybean 4.1 or samsung 's supporting software . i have upgraded the tablet to the official 4.2 firmware and have had no recurrences of the problem described above .
possible options , though not ideal ones : flash a custom rom that uses the vanilla contacts app export your contacts from google and import them manually ( shut off sync )
since you have cm6 flashed already , try booting the phone into the bootloader ( fastboot ) . if you can get in there , you can rescue your phone with fastboot erase cache ; if that does not work , reflash cm6 . this will cost you your data that is not on the sd card . opinion : having had a bunch of g1s ( all secondhand ) , they are not the most reliable phones i have owned . i have had one turn into a brick ( permanently ! ) after leaving it in a hot car ( next to my magic , same chipset , which survived ) for 30 minutes .
do a dalvik cache wipe . check the last paragraph of the following blog post http://www.olafusimichael.com/2010/09/how-i-flashed-my-htc-dream-t-mobile-g1.html sorry for the short answer , but it should fix the issue .
if there is a ics rom available for the droid x , it should run on a device with 512mb . the minimum requirements for ics specified by cyanogenmod team is 256mb and a " decent gpu " . i am not sure what kind of gpu the droid x has , but you will probably have a better experience with gingerbread then ics on that device if the gpu is not that great . my brother had that device and complained constantly about lag and lock up . if you have the " stock " motoblur , you will probably have a better experience just by installing any aosp based rom . you can expect the footprint to be about the same , maybe a bit less , then what you see now . this is because the android os will always try to use as much memory as possible in order to try and keep your experience better . if the application is in memory you can switch back to it faster then if it has to reload the entire application , plus it can " remember where you were " . as a side note , i do not currently see any cyanogenmod 9 builds available on the cm forums for the droid x , but that does not mean that there are not any , i just do not see them .
there should not be any problems , since my bravo ( htc desire ) runs ics insanely quick ( also 512mb ) . after a day on aosp ics ( everluv ) , without any task-killing ( but with a 6 background-task limitation ) , i still have 176mb free , and that is roughly what you can expect in these conditions . without background-task limitation , there is still 90mb free . * btw : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=691 this is the first place to look for ics roms . however , do not expect to much , because drivers and hardware acceleration are not optimized for hardware like yours/mine . checked with htop command
no , the droidx can not run custom kernels . " it is still impossible to flash custom kernels on the droid x , but the rom developer community has matured to a point where they’re able to make great things happen on this phone without having to rely on changes to the kernel . "
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , find the market , click force close then clear data , and reboot the phone . i have needed to do this a few times before tb had the option mbobino mentions .
your backup program may not save the market links and the other info regarding how your app was acquired . as i am not familiar with mybackup i can not tell you thats it for sure . i use titanium backup which backs up the market info if you so select the option to back it up .
download titanium backup , press Menu -&gt; Market Tools -&gt; Market Doctor . this will attempt to repair the links between your installed apps and the play store . it may take a few times , i ran it several times once , and it got different apps fixed each time , but i eventually got all i needed .
basically you have to compile android for that device with its drivers . example of compilation process . an older example from the official dev site for building 1.6 for the g1 . devices like the n1 and g1 ( dev phones ) let you easily put these images on your phone after compilation , because that is what they were made for ( unlockable and hackable ) . i believe their drivers are in the official android source ( i could be wrong , but they are easily available ) . all other devices do not come unlocked , so first you have to unlock ( root ) your phone to be able to write anything else to it . i have never compiled android or a rom , so i can not give you much more details than this . essentially there are proprietary binaries ( the drivers ) that are also needed for each specific android phone in order to get it to run on that device . so you either have to get those drivers from the vendor or write them yourself .
it is up to the manufacturer of the device to provide the appropriate and functional drivers for any hardware on their device . unfortunately , many of them also like to add their own ui ( often poorly designed and implemented ) . this is the case with the tapui from all i have heard . this is not a problem with android . it is a problem with viewsonic .
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
you have to flash a volume driver . you will get from the link where you downloaded the custom rom . your new custom rom is not supporting the default driver . you can flash the zip file from the app you got by default in a new rom like cmw .
seems to be a common hardware problem on samsung devices . easiest solution is to just install the newest dorimanx kernel for samsung galaxy sii . works for me now . source : this thread here .
as you may already know , you can only access those files with root , i.e. if your device is rooted . i can copy and paste the file to another location , but i think this may change the nature of the file . whut ? no , copying a file will not change the file contents . they will be the same as of the time the copy process is started . ideally , you should make sure that no process has a open write/append file handle to the file , by killing the relevant processes ( e . g . com.myapplication )
i am afraid you delete the whole system on your device , so that there is currently no rom to boot . what you can do now is to flash a rom . if you have an external sd card slot , then push your rom files and g-apps onto it and insert the card and flash via recovery . if your device does not have an external sd card slot or you do not have one , you have to flash the rom via adb . here 's a link to that : xda-wiki i hope i understood you correctly and that it helps
i have exactly this problem . there is no gallery locker on the phone . i have removed the thumbnails from the dcim directory , and android has re-scanned the sd card and created three sets of thumbnails : camera , whatsapp and wahtsappvid . but when i view them in gallery , i get the same symptoms as above , with each thumbnail showing as above . if i click on one of these ' blank ' thumbnails , the picture displays ok . if i use mediasee it seems to display all the pictures as thumbnails . perhaps of interest may be that the picture above looks like a motorola defy mini phone , which is what i have got . sorry if this is the wrong way to ask this question , but this is the only post i have seen which shows the problem i have got .
maybe the site/computer you are downloading from have a upload limit . but when you push files ( you upload ) the other side is downloading , so it less of a problem for them .
in case you are still looking for a solution , there is an app called twitch ! contacts formatter in google play that you can try . it may fix your formatting issues with 8 and 9 numbers .
there is one app , rocketdial available at google play store , that provides phone number format using patterns : format phone numbers , support us/canada/uk/russia/ukraine/china/taiwan . customize phone number using patterns , example ( ###- ( ### ) -#### ) , fill on your needs . may fit your needs . trial version comes with all the features and gives you 10 days to play with it . the pro version costs 3,19€ .
what i will do with the same problem : export google gmail contacts as a csv file from https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?shva=1#contacts using sed to edit the file with some regex importing contacts again
i have found the solution for uninstalling the touchwiz from s4 . press and hold on the home button . ( the centre button on your samsung mobile ) you will see a screen with a bar below , on the bar . there is 3 icons . press on the pie icon . select clear default , and press the home button again . ( just press and release , do not hold ) once you see the touchwiz appear with 2 selections . touchwiz home easy and touchwiz home . select only touchwiz home and press always . the touchwiz will not bother you again .
i found the solution on another blog , seems to be working . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/334381-touchwiz-wont-stay-default-launcher.html
you need not reboot or anything . the only thing you have to do is go to settings and select from default applications touch wiz home once and forever .
looks like a driver is definitely needed at least . take a look at this xda post and this acer tablet forum post .
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
in unix-like operating systems , a loop device , vnd ( vnode disk ) , or lofi ( loopback file interface ) is a pseudo-device that makes a file accessible as a block device . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loop_device basically , it allows you to make your phone think that an image file is a separate storage area/device .
yeah first please answer the question that which device you are using and did you get an official update from your manufacturer or did you manually install a custom rom ? ( although by your post it seems an official manufacturer update but please confirm . . . ) if : 1 . official update , then you can just do that update all over again and this time try it through pc software ( if you had previously done an over the air update ) . or finally contact your manufacturer 's customer care or go to service center . 2 . custom rom , then it may be problem with the rom or kernel . reach the developer for that . or you can even replace the google apps . just find an appropriate . zip coinciding with your android version . hope this helps or ask again with doubts . : )
the processes and executables are different . please make sure the entire jar of beans process is killed , and then start again . make sure that you kill all add processes . apart from that , you will have to wait for the owner to reply .
go to where you extracted jar of beans and create a folder named sdcard .
go install dolphin , head to their labs and install flash . its what i use on my nexus 7 .
try flashfox for flash support : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.browser.flashfox
firefox - it has goot support of web technologies , but it has big memory consumption . standard android browser ( it not available on nexuses with android 4.1 and higher ) . opera mobile ( not opera mini ) - it has " specific " support of some web technologies , but normal resources consumption .
yes it is possible to install apps from pc for your mobile device , even if you do not have a net access . first open google play on your pc through your gmail account connected with your device . then open apk downloader and download the apk extension for your web browser . in the google play store click on the app you want to install in your mobile and then click on the green apk button which will automatically appear on the html bar . you r apk file will begin to download . connect your device to the pc through usb cable and copy the downloaded . apk file in your device . for more information on how to download apk extension please refer to this website . http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ hope it helps . i do not know how to update via pc . . . but installation can be done like this .
by time being from my knowledge it is not possible to install from play store to android through pc . since play store installs apk to android device only not to pc . you can mange it from pc by signing-in to play store from your pc . when your phone get connected to internet play store installs directly your app or update to phone from this guide you can install/uninstall app from pc to android using following link http://www.wondershare.com/mobile-phone/android-app-installer.html 
there is a java application to do this , which can be found here . it is called the real apk leecher . it works by pretending to be an android device ( you need to configure it with your playstore account data ) , so it connects to the corresponding google services like any other android device with the playstore app installed , let 's you browse the playstore , and download apks . i did not try it out myself , though ; but you might wish to give it a look .
www.mobogenie.com provides a windows based tool called mobogenie that uses your computer 's network traffic to install and update apps in your android phone . you need to connect your phone with the computer , and have a high speed internet connection
what version of android are you using ? if it is 4.0 and up then you can install the default keyboard from google from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
i fixed it : i ended up using smartflash to flash stock rom . got the firmware from xda . links : smartflash tools and drivers : http://android.modaco.com/content/lg-optimus-2x-2x-modaco-com/335494/13-apr-smartflash-stock-baseband-release-1035-21-20110405/ firmware : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1035041 steps : download firmware for your location download smartflash tools and drivers connect phone to computer on the s/w upgrade screen - description below let windows install the drivers open smartflash go to " rom copy d/l select cp bin and ap bin files - description below make sure " normal mode " is selected make sure " erase cal data " is unchecked make sure channels and such are matching your phone - you will recognize it select start and wait till it is completed and your phone will be up and running again with stock rom ! cp bin = * . fls file in firmware archive ap bin = * . bin file in firmware archive get into s/w upgrade screen by pulling your battery out , holding the volume down button and plugging your pc cable in . hold the volume down until the s/w upgrade screen appears
there is a zip file that is posted in this video description that you can flash via clockworkmod or your favorite custom recovery that will revert your device completely to stock ( including removing the recovery image and such ) . the video goes through the process step-by-step , for your convenience , but it is basically flashing that file via cwm , and then being happy : ) it also goes through how to unroot , if needed !
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
since android 4.2 tablet can have multiple users . at least i have seen this in nexus 7 . you need to do the following : protect your default user account on the tablet with a password create a restricted user account and give the user access to apps that you want them to have note : multi-user is not available on android phones or with older android oses . you cannot protect your tablet from being factory rest by user and having access to all .
ctrl + shift does the job . a window appears where you can change the language . worse than in windows , but still . . .
open contacts then press the menu button go to more> settings in that the first option is where you want to save your contacts .
i have a htc desire that is using 2.2 ( though when i got the phone , it was already running 2.2 ) i have found the gps to be pretty good in general - there are times when it is a bit patchy ( loses gps signal even though the surroundings are the " same" ) and slow to pin-point my location . what i have found helps is to turn on 3g data while using gps - this seems to greatly assist the accuracy and speed when finding your location . also , a reboot of the phone ( or if you feel lazy/in a hurry - turn airplane mode on/off ) might help kick some sense into the phone .
try using gps status , go to option , capteur , manage a-gps state , choose first reset , then redo and choose download . and do it outside for the first time , it is important . also , check your apn settings in wireless and network > mobile network > apn name . check that the apn selected have " supl " in apn type ( in the bottom of the list ) , for example " default , supl " .
which version are you updating from ? since android 2.1 ( or 1.5 ? ) , most applications will not be able to turn on gps automatically , for privacy reasons . you need to enable gps setting : Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use GPS satellites ; there are widgets that allows you to enable gps from the home screen as well .
i had problems with gps with my new htc desire ( froyo out of the box ) . i downloaded the " gps status " and " gps test " apps which showed only two satellites but were not locking them . even google maps did not get a gps lock . i went outside of my room and tried but no luck . i switched off the cell , removed the battery , sd card and sim and then put them back and restarted but still no luck . then i installed gps essentials from the android market . i launched the application and changed the following settings : gps update interval -> 10 seconds tracking update interval -> 10 seconds after this i tapped on " satellites " on the main screen while standing outside . it detected 8 satellites in a few seconds and it was able to lock to 7 of them . after that everything started working including " gps status " , " gps test " and google maps ( even inside my room ) .
i had this gps fail happen and when i first used gps status app it rebooted the phone . i had travelled to adelaide from perth and back and then used the app skydroid ( golf ) for the first time since froyo ' upgrade ' to discover it was not working . using google earth in perth had my location still in adelaide . whilst in adeliade i has some trouble getting it to correctly set the locataion time which was set to automatic use network provided value . i unchecked this and set the location time to perth and restarted the phone and everything worked with full gps accuracy . my theory is that the froyo ' upgrade ' some how srews the timebase registry setting that the gps uses to locate and sync with the sats . some how either by forcing the time reset or the reset caused by gps status app this was reset and al works well . very shonky testing from htc/google i think .
i think there is no need to set those settings in the email app . you only need to set them in e-mail clients where you are getting duplicate copies of the email , provided those clients have a way of setting those settings . if you notice in the image below ( from the desktop gmail web app ) , there is a Sent Mail and an [Imap]/Sent folder . the Sent Mail folder is gmail 's , while the [Imap]/Sent folder is generated by a 3rd-party client ( like thunderbird or kaiten , for example ) . ideally , a sent mail would be placed under Sent Mail or under [Imap]/Sent . in some cases , it gets copied under both . so now , you have two copies of the sent email . if this is happening , then you need to follow the recommended imap client settings . if not , you are fine . related reference : stackexchange-url
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try nova launcher . it has an option to disable persistent search bar .
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
try with a file browser ( astro ) or something like that to browse on your tablet and then you will find the apk 's if you search good . but it is not sure they will work correctly or possible to transport them . but you can always give it a try .
you can use an app like app backup and restore . it allows you to select which apps you want to backup and it copies them to your sd card .
best choice for this is imho appmonster , which backs up your *.apk files to sdcard . this version is free but somehow limited ; the real power comes with its payed version , appmonster pro backup restore ( ~eur 3 ) -- which not only adds batch-mode for restore , but also automatically backs up all new installations/updates , while letting you define how many generations you want to keep and ( at least this was on the roadmap ) even " pin " a version you want to keep " forever " . an added plus is that it also shows whether an app has ad modules hooked in ( e . g . admob ) , if it supports app2sd , or if it is already installed on sd : for me , it is the ultimate tool for this goal -- saved my ass a couple of times , when some app-update introduced a bug , or ripped away a feature . the only thing i miss here is it cannot backup the apps ' data -- but that is a thing impossible to all non-root apps ( for this , i use mentioned titanium backup -- but that is not topic of this question , and thus just mentioned for completeness ) . to sum up : appmonster would solve your problem with getting the *.apk files to the sdcard for transfer -- and even offer you features you surely will use even after completing that job . moreover , if you use the pro version , the sdcard copy will be done automatically for you , saving you some manual work .
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
i do not know of any specific apps , but it certainly can ( on probably does ) affect other apps . read here for google 's notes on the problem , as well as info for developers on how to avoid the bug . they have also issued patches and sent them to their oha partners , but it is up to each of them to roll out the update .
this question is probably opinion-based . i am not familiar with the trend in subtitles , but i use them a lot since i am hard-of-hearing . most of the subtitles i get from subscene are . srt files . occassionally , i will encounter a . sub and . idx combo , but rarely an . smi . a lot of media players support . srt ; a lot others also support other formats . my guess on the app that you found which supports only . smi - which you did not even mention its name - is that it may have been a niche app to play videos that have . smi subs . there may have been no other app that played . smi when it was made . i am just speculating . but one thing for sure , . srt is not going away any time soon .
this is most likely a software issue , but you can not be 100% sure until you flash a new rom and see if it works . if you find a stock rom , then it will not void the warranty , so it should be safe to try . you can find a lot of stock roms here .
as said already re-flashing the firmware is probably all you can do but i wanted to add that you can use odin for easier flashing ( it is really just clicking a button ) . using the link given by alex ( searching using the model number , setting> about device> model number ) download the firmware then download odin . here is a good tutorial for using it if you are unfamiliar with it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xrdu6ddnya . ( not great quality since he is recording the screen but still helpful ) .
use llama . this is a free automation app like tasker , and it has the ability to modify the screen timeout . create a new event . add the condition OR (match any) . then add a condition for each Active application that you want to keep the screen active . click the back button , then add the action to change the Screen Timeout to never . you then have to create a second event that does the opposite . you create the OR (match any) condition , but this time select Active application and change the status option to App stopped or in background , and again do this for each app you did in the first event . set the Screen Timeout action to whatever timeout value you want normally .
try this : go to settings > battery there you can see the list of things that consume battery . this includes all the system processes , hardware such as the screen and the user apps . if there is an application that you installed that takes up more than say 20% in that list , that app is your culprit . there is also a good chance that it is the same app that is taking up all that data in the backgrounds . if your screen takes up more than 30% , try reducing your brightness and the amount of time the screen is kept active . if you want to check your mobile data consumption , go to settings > data usage . this will list the data consumption of all apps on the phone . hope this helps .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
i had the same problem and my external sd card was in extsd , /mnt/extsd , and the one inside the tablet was in /mnt/sdcard . i spend 3 hours to figure this out . hope this helps someone . thanks
this is the way to have /data on the sd card directory : copy all /data to the sd card directory : /mnt/sdcard/data delete /data create a symlink that points to the sd : ln -s /mnt/sdcard/data /data the main problem is that /data could be ext2/3/4 partition , while the sd card is fat32 . the best thing to achieve what you want is to create an extra partition on the sd card as ext2/3/4 filesystem . then you can link the directory /data with the partition . when the phone restarts , it will mount the data partition more or less like this : mount &lt;args&gt; /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data  since /data is pointing now to /mnt/sdcard/data , the above command is equivalent to this one : mount &lt;args&gt; /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /mnt/sdcard/data  so in the end , we would have our data partition mounted in the sd card . again , it should be in a separate partition , so we have the sd card as fat and the extra partition as ext2/3/4 so it will not fail when it mounts due to the filesystem . if you want a more elegant solution , you can try any of the xda developers app2sd scripts , they let you achieve the same but without symlinking ( it will mount it and bind it to /data ) . you will only need a custom recovery to be able to flash them . you can check them here .
yes . this is possible use 1-vpn app which lets you do this . but , it is not compatible with android 4.0+ , and you have to pay for it ( only a $0.90 ) . if the payment is worth the burden you go through every time you connect , that is your best option . alternatively you can use 5-vpn which is free and requires you to go through 5 taps to connect . your last alternative is vpn show which is only capable of taking you to your vpn settings screen .
use " vpn menu " . it is free and better .
goto settings--> developer options--> ( uncheck ) pointer location . thats it .
most recoveries do not work in root mode - and root mode cannot be acheived , as the su binary calls your superuser app to gain permission to use root mode . as the su binary cannot call the app , it stops you using su mode . it could also be due to the fact that the su file used in recovery is the stock su file found in android , and this does not let you switch to the root user ( as if it did every device would be rooted ) . some recoveries allow root to be used - you will have to search for one for your device .
you are not going to get a popup superuser confirmation from within a rooted recovery . that popup superuser confirm dialog only happens in a fully booted normal android environment . sounds more likely that the ramdisk used within the recovery , has the setting ro.secure=1 in default.prop by accident thus preventing the su binary from getting executed with a error su: permission denied . had it being set as ro.secure=0 then adb would allow the s witch u ser to root function as normal . op : please give more details such as make of handset , what version of recovery , is it clockworkmod or stock ?
my colleague has just pointed out that ics will include cisco any connect functionality . . . http://www.talkandroid.com/69015-cisco-anyconnect-vpn-support-to-be-implemented-in-ice-cream-sandwich-enterprise-users-rejoice/ upon further investigation there is an any connect client for android , but you need to have rooted your phone to use it : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cisco.anyconnect.vpn.android.rootedfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jaxnjby5hbnljb25uzwn0lnzwbi5hbmryb2lklnjvb3rlzcjd
you can use sipdroid , released under gnu gpl v3 , also available from google play store and save yourself a lot of trouble . sipdroid is a free sip/voip client for android . as for a sip provider , sipgate for example gives good results for both outgoing and incoming calls . from version 2.0 for google™ voice users , sipdroid can now create a new , free pbxes account that is automatically linked to an existing google™ voice account . the new feature requires android 2.0 , or above , and google 's app connected to your voice account . download the current version sipdroid-2.7 . apk available since may 21 , 2012 . sha1 checksum : a261e14ba592c8a86e8d0f07374108c6d768e1d4
you can also use grove ip or talkatone . why because it transparently uses your google voice account . you do not have to bother with any sip provider or configuring any other setting . just give it your google voice user name and password ( two factor authentication recommended ) and you are good to go . grove ip comes with lite and paid version . paid version is $ . 499 atm . talkatone comes with free and subscription based model . however both worlds flawlessly on free version with ad support .
there is an app called battery charged notifier that will just notify you when your battery is fully charged . it is free , but there is a " paid key " that adds some additional features , like setting your own notification sound .
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
if you use tasker automation app you can implement an alert using it - battery full alert . free alternative is the app called automateit . it also has a battery level trigger based on which you can produce a notification/sound , etc .
it is a shame that this is not built into android . fortuantely , there are now many apps that can do that ( mostly a side functionality of file manager apps ) . if you just need a lightweight standalone app for this , i can recommend file shortcut .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
using the google drive app i created a test spreadsheet to investigate your question . i found the [1] to be a footnote - at the bottom of the spreadsheet is a list of all notes about validation for each applicable cell . the same applies to comments made to cells and , i suspect , other types of advanced cell formatting that do not translate well to small screens . it is clunky , but at least the validation follows to mobile . there does not seem to be a way to change how validation information is displayed . see here below the spreadsheet are two footnotes , one indicating valid data ( by displaying the help text , [1] ) and the other representing invalid data ( by displaying " validationfailed [ help text ] , " [2] ) :
i have three suggestions : if it is a microsd card , you could plug it into an external reader . try adb ( advanced ) . if it shows up using the devices command , try pushing and pulling on the sd card . install file expert . when the app loads , the third tab has " share my files " ( or something like that ) try these options via bluetooth or wifi . file expert also has a seperate app , web pc suite , which can do the job you want .
try the app stayawake , it should work for galaxy s ii too .
an app whose package name is com.example.app has its data files in /data/data/com.example.app . this applies to pre–jelly bean systems , and to the first user on jelly bean systems . for other users on jelly bean systems , user 1 has the data files for com.example.app in /data/user/1/com.example.app , and so on . however , none of this information helps you to use an external app to sync an app 's files . reading another app 's data files can only be done on a rooted phone , which is probably not something you want to do on your child 's phone . even then , you need an app that is designed to work with root access , such as datasync or appsync . and even then , it is possible that the kidlogger app keeps its data in encrypted form , to force you to use their sync service , or as a precaution against tampering with the logs . after all , if the sync app can get access to the logs , there is nothing to stop the user of the phone doing the same thing . the only reliable and secure solution would be to ask the developers of kidlogger to add a feature that syncs the app data to dropbox or an online service of your choice : one the user of the phone can not access .
yes , you can install new fonts , but it requires root on most devices . to install a font , you just simply need to copy the font file ( . ttf format only ) into /system/fonts . there are also numerous apps available on the play store to do this automatically for you , such as the plainly named font installer . other apps also include functionality to find new fonts . with the right app , it is also possible to install fonts without root on the samsung galaxy s3 , s4 , note , and note 2 .
are they installing new fonts every day ? i do not think anyone can say for sure on that fact . are font sometimes updated when the software is updated ? i would say yes .
documents to go is a very good app . it provides the formatting requirements you wanted and supports creating and reading microsoft office documents as well as google docs . it supports word , excel and powerpoint . it can be found on the android market https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dataviz.docstogoappfeature=search_result there is a free version but i believe this only let 's you view not create or edit documents
you can download the file as a pdf and then transfer that file to the phone using something like awesome drop . then view it on the phone with a pdf reader .
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
an alternate way to switch off your mobile phone completely , would be to toss it in the ocean and do not look back . just joking ! actually turning the phone off or restarting it is done through the os itself , just like every os of today . so one way of doing this would be to access the terminal ( only if your phone is rooted ) and issue the linux shutdown command since android is based on linux .
there are two types of protection offered by the android market . the original copy protection is now deprecated and is apparently fairly easily circumvented . google now recommends that developers implement its licensing service , which requires a bit of effort on the part of the developer . it requires internet connectivity and checks whether the google account being used on the device has legitimately purchased the app . how often the app goes online to check the licence is up to the developer .
as a generic information , the german wikipedia gps page states an accuracy of 10m or better for civilian use . while this does not explicitly state anything on android 's implementation , you can find some test results on urremote confirming this . how accurate exactly the data are , very much depends on the device : according to those tests , accuracy varied between 2.5 m and 6.3 m with the tested devices . a further reading of interest is how accurate is android gps ? , which might add some more background information . further you might want to check into improve android gps accuracy by having the accurate time , or test your own device using the gps test app .
according to qualcomm ( who makes the socs used by the gs3 i747 ( also the cdma and t999 versions . ) and the nexus 4 ) , under optimal conditions , the combined gps/glonass lock is capable of being accurate to 2 metres . to determine actual possible accuracy in use is more complex and depends on time and location , as the number of satellites visible varies due to their orbits . this silverlight app will allow you to determine this ( be sure to only select gps and glonass under the satellite library . the gs3 and nexus 4 are not capable of using the other constellations . ) . the important bit is the dop ( dilution of precision ) . multiply the dop reported by the app ( if greater than 1 ) for the relevant time by that 2 metres to determine the actual possible accuracy . note that this is only the possible accuracy . obstructions ( trees , buildings , etc . ) that block the view of the sky may also block the view of some satellites . if you know the obstructions , you can enter them into the app and it will include them in its work . also , some apps , like gps status and toolbox , will give you your error on the fly .
may be a bug or something . restore factory settings after making a back-up of important files . note - check the settings once again . you might have turned on the vibration .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings → sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
as a telecom engineer student , i know that one of the main limitation for power is the eirp ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equivalent_isotropically_radiated_power ) . overpassing the eirp is one of the must known way to increase wifi router power ( by adding a better antenna , which leads to an increase in gain , and in power rx/tx ) . this power is perhaps fixed by the software in android handsets , and you could use this parameter to leverage the emission power . but , as far as i know it is illegal ( at least in france ) .
updating your radio may help ( if there is update for your phone ) . after some search its seems there is .
not really to do with actually altering your reception per-se , but you can update your prl ( preferred roaming list ) of your phone for newer cell towers which might give you better reception . on verizon , dial *228 and follow the prompts .
just noticed you were complaining about the lack of hdmi out on your galaxy s ? samsung make a micro-usb to hdmi-out cable specifically for the galaxy s . the linked page is a uk reseller , but i can not believe that it is not available from samsung in the us , or us based resellers ?
twonky media , who make the very good twonky dlna server for pcs , have released a twonky server app for android , this should allow you to share content ( videos , music , pictures ) that are stored on your phone to network attached dlna compatible devices on your network ( eg windows media player on windows 7 , xbox 360 , ps3 , specialised set-top boxes , some new tvs ) . also , i do not know if it is carrier specific but my samsung galaxy s came with the allshare app ( which i have not used yet ) that claims to be a dlna server and client . can not find it in the market , so i assume its samsung only .
try arkmc i am using it for more than 1 year . it is dlna certified , includes server , controller , renderer , and player .
try skifta . it will play files from dlna server in any player installed on your device . also it can be a media server and controller . the description says the app is dlna certified .
check in settings > accessibility and see if theres an option for the power button to end the call . if there is make sure it is unchecked .
you can create a profile and switch it by long pressing the power button . at least on cyanogen , there is a menu item change profile . on stock sense rom it is likely there , too .
you can try tasker or locale . they can be configured to do this automatically .
the setting profiles should be able to do something like that . you can set up a profile that turns off all notifications for when you get ready for bed . then , add a rule that overrides the profile - turning notifications back on only for incoming calls : create a new rule add incoming call condition - this can be set to a specific contact group of just to &lt ; > depending on your preferences add activate profile action to activate a different profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . the lite version is limited to one rule at a time . you might be able to try it out with the lite version and then get the full if it works out for you . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
it is also worth mentioning that you can install other launchers such as adw launcher which allows for themes which will completely change the look of the homescreen and icons on it . for instance , this antique cm theme is a theme for adw launcher , as is this red adw theme which as you can see looks very different . you can also download replacement contacts apps as well , so you can hide almost all of touchwiz , whilst still keeping the stock rom and with it , the s-pen apps . i have only recently installed replacement launchers because i was beginning to get frustrated with touchwiz and things like it is lack of rotation . makes me wonder why samsung bother with their own inferior launcher in the first place .
one amazing and very much compatible app is memo beta , free and open source s-pen drawing app : memo is a note taking app designed specifically for galaxy note . roms supported : cm9 ( cyanogenmod 9 ) aokp ( android open kang project ) aosp ( android open source project ) paranoid android some features licensed gplv3 open source s-pen combatible ( including side button and pressure sensitivity ) inport and resize/move images from the camera , gallery , webpage or map two finger zoom and pan for inputting those finer details add typed text to notes share notes using mms , e-mail , facebook , twitter , instagram and more left handed mode useful links . github page google play page xda developers forum thread
my favourite note taking app so far is papyrus you can have infinite length note surface and use two fingers to move around the note and a single finger as an eraser . all drawings are vectors . the quick note taking app that pops up double clicking the pen is really shitty and the editing with polaris office too basic . i still have to do a lot of playing and investigating .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
based on this review of the wi-fi capabilities of the htc one x from anandtech it would appear that the option is there . look two-thirds of the way down on the site and see this image :
after searching around , this appears to be an issue with slimkat rom itself . reading this review of slimkat or alternative link to article as their formatting is awful , the line that jumped out at me was : . . . . talk to by simply saying " okay google " ( sometimes even just okay -_- ) suggests this happens on the rom . also there is a theory that the launcher listens to ok g and starts background tasks for the searching . maybe it has something to do with the fact that it listens for " ok g--" and then it starts loading voice search while you are still saying " oogle " , instead of it listening for " google " and then loading up voice search , leaving you waiting for a short while ? it is worth noting that a friend with a nexus 4 told me that sometimes it pops up on " ok " for him but it is rare . i can not find confirmation online . also some launchers try to incorporate the ok google themselves , sometimes not in the correct manner and this can cause conflicts . for example the image below is from nova launcher ( which i use myself very often ) to show you its ok google screen which is a separate function to the google search app 's one : finally some oems have their own " hi galaxy " ala samsung and this can further muddy the water with this functionality .
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
did any manuals or documentation come with this thing ? is there a manufacturer 's website for tech support ? look for ways to get into " recovery mode " which should have options for doing a " factory reset " .
in dropbox , simply add mp3s to favorites and they become available in a stock google play music application ( tested in android ics )
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
if you export the tunes to the sd card rather than the music app then they will show straight up in the music player . just a little annoying that you have got to do them one at a time rather than as a group . dropbox > more > export > save to sd card > select music folder
some of the more advanced music players have the ability to rescan media from the phone . in playerpro you can do menu-> settings-> music library-> refresh mediastore this should then show up any music added since the last scan .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
read this , the bottom half is for android users , https://gamesupport.supercell.net/hc/en-us/articles/421682-can-i-transfer-my-village-to-a-new-device- this does not require play services , but does require g+ . you should be able do this w/o google play services good luck !
i have the same idea once , but its hard to achieve . if use gingerbread , you can reference the official rom , and make replacement , but for ics , there different partitions , you maybe hard to suceess .
nope ! as this phone doesnot have any support for gsm , or what you can say the sim cards that would provide you a functionality to send and recieve messages or phone calls on the go , this phone doesnot allow you to make or recieve phone calls . however , you can use voip , such as google voice , or skype by microsoft . to make phone calls , however if you want to make a phone call such as one you would make by any gsm supporting phone , it will not be happening here ! you need to get 24x7 wifi connection , to make sure you are alive . otherwise just download angry birds and play it in the meantime . cheers .
no . only skype or other voip options . it does not have a gsm module on it , it just has a small chip for data transfers .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
open kies via wifi , go to the settings , and turn off autoconnect . Settings -&gt; More Settings -&gt; Kies via Wi-Fi -&gt; Settings -&gt; Auto connect off
it is an app that is used to update your smartphone or tablet . the only way to kill it is to root your phone and uninstall it . it is a system app and cannot be killed .
you can get . apk files to your pc . create a simple html page with a link to your . apk &lt;a href='yourfile.apk'&gt;download&lt;/a&gt;  use web browser in emulator to access and download the file and install from sdcard of emulator .
if you got that . apk file downloaded in your system , you can easily install that by the following steps . first of all copy the . apk file to the android sdk --> ' platform-tools ' directory to start the emulator use type the following command on your terminal cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools // press enter then type the following to start the emulator emulator -avd &lt;emulator_name&gt; // press enter &lt;emulator_name&gt; is the name that you have given when you first created that emulator . if you do not know that name , go to eclipse and click window--> avd and sdk manager . on that window you can see the avd name . after that wait for a couple of minutes so that the emulator starts . after that , unlock the emulator : open another tab in terminal or open another terminal and type the following commands cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools; ls //press enter now you should see your application name . adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // press enter ./adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // for mac machine after that you can see a success message . eventually press on the menu launcher button on the emulator where you can see your application installed . click on the icon to launch that application .
on the samsung galaxy range of phones , running samsung 's touchwiz enhancements to android , you can take a screenshot of the screen by holding down the back button and tapping home . this does not work in some apps that take an action immediately when you press back , but as most apps do not carry out the action until release the back button , this will work for them . see also this previous question : taking a screenshot of an android phone ?
the error seems like something regular . a google search reveals many places it is mentioned ( with a logcat ) , but almost nowhere it is commented on -- except for galaxy w constant error in logcat ( xda ) . a shame they removed the wakelock stats from *#*#4636#*#* service menu ( which would have offered you a quick way to check ) with gingerbread and up . you might want to look for some monitor app on the market ( there is e.g. systempanel which might prove helpful ) to figure out what keeps your device awake . in case this app does not provide the required information ( i already mentioned wakelocks being the most probable cause ) , there is another useful app : betterbatterystats ( also mentioned in the xda-link ) seems to bring back wake-lock stats . as a short and eased-up explanation : an app might request the cpu not going to sleep , but still not actually use the cpu , though - the android powermanager api provides an interface for this ) . so betterbatterystats should help you find the responsible app : for reference , here 's the link to the betterbatterystats thread on xda , including the app ( and its changelog ) as well as some closer explanation , especially on wake-locks .
try calling your service provider . some cell companies lock the phone after failed attempts as a precaution to possible theft .
nice question i would be interested in the same . es file explorer looks like the app to do the trick . check this out . . . http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/tablets/connect-android-to-windows-and-samba-shared-directories/1262
support for smb ( "windows network" ) is not native to android . you will need an app that supports the protocol . i can not recommend a specific samba app as i have never tried it on android . i will say that i prefer ftp'ing to my android using filezilla and software data cable . software data cable is a little clunky , and i am sure there is a better ftp app out there , but it is no big deal once ftp gets going . i do not really care for smb , ftp has been much more robust in my personal experience .
under application manager , there should be two google play services instances under " running apps " . these instances will also indicate which services are active , and that they were launched by an application .
after further debugging , google play services ' connection was coming across as needing an update in my app 's code . it turns out i had to clear google play service 's cache . once i did that and turned on , it prompted me to install updates . i did that , and now it recognizes it as re-enabled as it should .
there is a pop up every time you submit a report for the privacy policy . but regardless , pretty much every google system and api is covered by the same privacy policy : http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
do you want to just install the specific version of the application you have in your old phone ? if so , a ) run an application like titanium backup on the rooted phone b ) backup the app c ) find the . apk in the backup folder d ) transfer the . apk to your new phone e ) run the . apk to install the application on the new phone . i believe some phones do not do it out-of-the-box and you might have to download some kind of app ( search for " apk install" ) to do it . try without an app first , though . in case you also want your data to be transferred along with the app , i am not sure whether tibu can do this for non-rooted phones . someone else will be better suited to answer .
i use app backup and restore . it is fairly easy to use , you will get the required apk file on you sd card and you can transfer it onto your new phone , where you can manually install the apk . open app backup and restore set backup path select your app and click backup transfer apk file from backup path to your new phone make sure unknown sources setting is turned on under security settings select the apk file from file manager follow installation instructions but older versions of apps might not work properly with new versions of android , so keep that in mind .
for cli : download and install the android sdk package add a path to these two directories of the package install ( [ installedpath ] /tools and [ installedpath ] /platform-tools for a full sdk installation ) . now , with the android plugged in via the usb , run this to get the full list of installed apps : $ adb shell 'pm list packages'  you now have a list the names of all your install apps . use the -f parameter to get the full pathname of a desired package by specifying a search string found in the previous list : $ adb shell 'pm list packages -f reader'  now pull the full pathname of the package you want to get with : ## adb pull [filepathname] [destination path] ## $ adb pull /data/app/com.ebooks.ebookreader-2.apk ~/mybackupdir  for gui you can use the app airdroid .
when you want to send an installed application from one mobile phone to another you can install " bluetooth file transfer " application on your old phone and then easily send any installed app file to other devices through bluetooth .
i was able to root mine with the unrevoked tool . ( sprint htc hero w/2.1 )
see here : http://rootmydroid.co.uk/guides/hero/howto-root-your-htc-hero/ like you , i got fed up with waiting for ota upgrade from orange . using villainrom 12 , which is brilliant . no regrets !
the second half of the first post in this xda thread tells you how you can root your current firmware . basically you just use z4root : download z4root from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=833953 install and run z4root , click permanent root let it run until it says it has completed ensure you see superuser in your app drawer
universalandroot - awesome tool that is extremely ! easy . i used it for my sprint htc hero all i did was download the . apk at the bottom of the post , put it on my sdcard . ran it off my sdcard via estrong file explorer and it rooted my device perfectly . after it roots , run rom manager and install the clockworkmod recovery screen . after that , find the rom you want to flash . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=747598 good luck !
the default account is the one that you logged in with first . if this was your apps account and the " remove account " option does not work than on a non-rooted device the only way to remedy this i to perform a factory reset . however the device will still show up on your dashboard , i have devices i stopped using two years ago still there . one other thing to note is that your phone should show up on all accounts that you are logged in with . if it does not , try downloading a free app with that account .
at and t uses 3g frequency bands 850 mhz and 1900 mhz . from what i can tell from the phones they sell , tata docomo uses the 900 mhz and 2100 mhz 3g bands . they are not intercompatible . most often when you buy a us phone for use outside the country you will want the t-mobile version . or a quad-band or 5-band phone which would eliminate the problem altogether .
questions . are you using the stock app ? will you consider using a replacement app for sms ? if yes , consider gosms pro . contrary to what the name suggests , it is free and backups messages to the sd card .
have a look at slightbackup or ( again ) at lifesaver2: slightbackup on f-droid . org lifesaver2 on f-droid . org some notes on lifesaver2: not the one in google play but the old version ! an older version of lifesaver2 is available on the purely open source f-droid . org repository . permissions for the old version : used to read sms : ⚠ read sms or mms [ read_sms ] ⚠ receive sms [ receive_sms ] ⚠ modify/delete usb storage contents [ write_external_storage ] used to read call logs : ⚠ read contact data [ read_contacts ] used to restore call logs and sms : ⚠ write contact data [ write_contacts ] ⚠ edit sms or mms [ write_sms ] if you are still super paranoid you can use apktool ( an android . apk reverse engineering tool ) to remove the latter two or three permissions listed above from the given . apk . you can also inspect the old code snapshot and build a modified version of it yourself if you want to further suit your needs . some background on why lifesaver2 changed : lifesaver2 is in fact a migration tool that you use to move your call-log/sms'es from the old to a new android phone . you did that by backing stuff on the old up , insert the external sd card into the new phone and use the app again to restore there . newer android devices do not necessarily have an external sd card anymore . it is cumbersome for a big majority of lifesaver2 's users to manually transfer the backup data files , so the author ( which works at google ) decided to backup to the cloud ( google appengine atm . ) instead of the sd card at some point .
" backup to gmail " is an app am using on my s3 ( do not have any other android device to try it on )
if the reason that you are worried about permissions is because you are worried that an app might do something nefarious , why not try an open-source solution ? that way if the program was doing anything bad , developers would know from looking at its source code . sms backup + is an open-source tool . the source is available at https://github.com/jberkel/sms-backup-plus .
as you do not ask to restore them ( just to backup ) : did you take a look at txtarchive sms backup ? yupp , costs a few bucks . but hence it needs no ads , and no internet : read sms/mms , read contactdata ( both are connected -- you surely want to know who wrote the sms ; ) , and store to sd . similarly sms backup and restore pro for about the same price ( 2 euro ) , which also wants to write sms/mms ( to restore them ) , and keep the phone from sleeping while it does the work . oh , plus the requirement mentioned by flow : " read phone state and identity " is also required . -- though the app states android minversion 1.6 ( this requirement was removed with android 2.0 afaik -- for all previous versions it was a " must" ) . simple search for sms backup on the playstore , both on page 1 -- not too hard to find . hope you like them ; )
by installing androzip my problem is getting resolved : )
i do not know the software you are using but i would recommend looking into airdroid , it installs a small application on your phone and lets you manage it from a web interface . after starting the service you can copy all data in both directions .
activating the 2g only option solved the issue , indicating a problem with the connection , as mentioned in the comments . another thing that solved it ( temporarily , until i install more apps i guess ) was reinstalling the os . i only installed few apps and the minimal pa gapps package ( contains only some indispensable apps by google ) , which presumably reduced the amount of background data send . overall battery consumption with 3g enabled is way lower than with only 2g before . i have also updated the radio firmware , though i can not confirm if it had any effect . it still seems to switch a lot between e , 3g , h and h+ but without any actual data traffic there is no noticeable impact on battery life . another suggestion i have found online somewhere is to use an app that switches to 3g only when particular apps like the browser is used and switches back to 2g otherwise .
it is a known issue on samsung phones . when an update is interrupted or fails for whatever reason , the phone will not boot in either normal or recovery mode , and will present the " firmware upgrade encountered an issue . . . " error . the solution is to start the phone in download mode ( usually by holding the volume down button while powering it on from turned off state , ) and then try re-flashing the update . if you are having trouble with samsung 's kies software , you may want to try odin or heimdall utilities . it is not necessary to flash the full rom to get rid of the error , you can flash a modem firmware of a custom/stock recovery instead . just make sure whatever you are planning to flash is designed for your specific device model . as long as the last flashing attempt completes successfully , your phone should no longer show the above error , and allow you to proceed with voiding your warranty ; )
bluetooth has a master/slave setup , in which the other device is a master ( for example , a phone ) and the other a slave ( a headset ) . most phones support the hands-free profile only as a master , which means that the phone can connect to slave devices and stream its audio to the device , not the other way around . apparently samsung has included support for hfp slave on it is player models , which is reasonable since they do not have phone functionality builtin . therefore , it is not a question of settings , it is a question of support .
what needs to be done is to bundle the boot . img and construct a new zip file suitable for flashing via clockworkmod or twrp . pre-requisites : a linux environment that has the usual development packages , such as java installed . ( it can also apply to other platforms , just be careful that the instructions here indicating the path used below , uses a forward slash / , so flip that around to be a back slash \ for windows environment especially ! ) adb command line tool installed . `testsign . jar ' tool , for signing the zip file so that the recovery can authenticate and verify it is a valid archive otherwise recovery will report corrupt archive or similar . update-binary command line application , that is internal for usage with the flashable script . ( this can be found with any flashable zip , the important thing is to extract that binary and deposited in the structure of the directory as shown ) zip command line tool . assuming your directory is called workdir , for discussion , lets call this the working directory , copy the boot.img into that directory , and create the following directory structure - META-INF/com/google/android , this is important ! and within the META-INF/com/google/android , copy the binary application called update-binary into that directory . so the directory structure should be like this : as for the updater-script , copy the contents of the following below : remember : do not get confused here , the updater-script as shown , should be left alone and as-is , so do not try flip the forward-slash to a back slash if doing this under windows environment . go back to the parent of the directory structure , i.e. outside of workdir and do the following , we are going to create a zip file from this : zip -r my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip workdir/ which is a recursive function , this will zip up everything into the file called my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned . zip . finally , to sign the zip file , issue this : java -classpath testsign.jar testsign my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip  then its a matter of pushing that across the sdcard as in adb push my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip /sdcard/ and manually go into recovery and specify that zip archive ( i.e. . my_custom_flashable_boot_signed . zip ) in which it will perform the flashing for you .
if you have the flash_image binary , then you can do it on device via terminal emulator ( flash boot , then the rest using recovery ) . syntax : flash_image boot /sdcard/boot.img self promotion time i have an app that provides a gui for the binary . find it here . if you do not have that binary , it can be installed ( google it - you have to download it then copy it to the /system/bin folder . this does not work on all devices , however it is the only way that springs to mind .
to add , after a little thought i think the lack of a cache directory may have been my problem all along . i formatted this ext2 and this may have solved the problem . therefore a damaged cache directory might have been the root cause of this problem . after formatting the cache and running /sbin/recovery it went straight into clockwork ( it was a big surprise ) . . i went to hboot and ruu'ed a new rom immediately ( unfortunately in my excitement and due to a mislabel by the uploader ) it turned out to be a telus one . . . which is giving me problems . . but heck . . simple ones . the moral here is do not give up . nearly everybody said this was a bricked phone . but , i think , if you have hboot/fastboot or ( most probably need rooted ) adb access you can do many things to get things going - i learned a lot ) ) ) )
you can check the accounts and sync in the settings . this will show you what is syncing . i am going to throw out a guess that you have the official twitter client installed and have sync data enabled . i used to get the " lock up " you describe all the time . the lock up is not really just from the app that is syncing , but it is causing it . . . samsung decided when they designed the galaxy s that the file systems that existed were not good enough for them . so they decided to use a proprietary file system that was developed by samsung called rfs . this file system is slow , like , really fricken slow . it is the cause of the " galaxy s lag " . even google decided , with the nexus s , that they were not going to use rfs on the device , it uses ext4 . there are " fixes " out there to convert the rfs to ext4 , but they do require you to have root access , a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod ) and to flash a rom or a kernel . voodoo is one of the best . roms like nero3 from teamwhiskey have voodoo built right in to their rom . now if you do not have root access and do not want to , there is really nothing that can be done to " correct " the lag that you are experiencing . . . except to disable the syncing of data that cause the lag .
the problem simply disappeared after a few weeks . i guess the carrier changed something or my phone got updated without informing me . . . who knows .
after an update of k-9 mail i tried again to find it and succeeded ( do not know whether this worked in a version prior to the new one ) . this is how you search in k-9 mail inside a message : in the respective message select any text ; in the upcoming menu ( copy , past , select all ) , select the document with a magnifying glass on it ; now the text you selected is used for an in-message search ; edit the search box and enter your search string .
there are different wcdma ( umts ) frequency bands . i believe that they use band-i ( 2100mhz ) in iraq . you did not mention which country you bought your phone in . but if it was anywhere in north america - i have bad news for you : none of american carriers use this band so very few phones sold here support it .
i am currently on cyanogenmod 4.0.4 and dutch has been added . i do not know where it came from , but it works like a charm .
its because of you are using max amount sdcard that an ace can support . ace supports 32gb maximum , and you are using the same . but its fact that ace supports 32gb , but it may cause problems mounting that much higher amount . you can try 16gb class 10 , it may be accurate .
the short answer is yes . you should make sure your bootloader is locked by executing fastboot oem lock in your command line while your device is in fastboot ( home + power + volume+ for your specific device ) . once your bootloader is locked it will be as if you never rooted your device . once this is all done , you will regain your warranty which would otherwise be voided if you had left the bootloader unlocked .
check wikipedia . . . nfc is backward compatible . . cool stuff . ! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication
using nfc enabled phone like nexus s one can read nfc data exchange format ( ndef ) message content present in nfc tags . gingerbread ( i.e. . android 2.3 ) is capable of reading ndef format which is specified by nfc forum type 2 specification . nfc operates in the 13.56 mhz frequency range . nfc , is a subset of rfid that limits the range of communication to within a few centimeters . based on what i read and understood , my guess is nexus s should be able detect nfc tags and not the rfid . may be in later releases hardware would be capable enough to do that as well ! edit : here 's some additional info . edit2: android blog states following are the new nfc related features in android 2.3.3: a comprehensive nfc reader/writer api that lets apps read and write to almost any standard nfc tag in use today . advanced intent dispatching that gives apps more control over how/when they are launched when an nfc tag comes into range . some limited support for peer-to-peer connection with other nfc devices .
nfc runs at 13.56mhz which is hf . hf nfc with ndef is indeed an rfid . however the rfid industry has for the most part moved away from hf to uhf , 860mhz-960mhz , due to longer distances and standardization ( epc gen2 ) . most supply chain implementations , ie : walmart , dod , are uhf for the longer read distances and the greater vendor selection/maturity .
the listed amounts are for the internal memory .
i fixed mine right now . using odin , load the original image of your phone from the exact provider in pda . now , it is like brand new . p.s. you have to unrar the image file , or odin will not see it . after you unrar , it should have a md5 file .
have you tried to reboot to the bootloader ? you can do so using adb reboot bootloader . from there , you can flash boot.img and system.img . look at fastboot options .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
is the account you are using listed in Settings | Accounts &amp; sync ? if so , you should be able to select the account then choose Menu | Sync now .
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
on the home screen . . . push settings button and use the trackball to chose " notifications "
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
when i select an image from dropbox , it opens to be viewed . then if i press and hold the image , i am given the option to open , download , share or delete the image . if i choose open , the image opens in a view similar to the gallery in which i can press menu , then set as and finally , wallpaper . this still requires several steps but you never have to actually download the image from dropbox .
htc one v phone . i e-mail the photo from dropbox to myself . open pic , press , hold , release and your options are there . set as wallpaper and photo saves in gallery ( all photos ) or just download .
are you starting android virtual machine from within eclipse or directly ? if you are running it from eclipse then before starting eclipse just make sure to run the below command : sudo export UBUNTU_MENUPROXY=0  now start the eclipse and try running avd from it . i hope this helps . it solved this issue at my end when i faced the similar problem .
you may add the following rules to your user stylesheet : result in opera on this comic : caveat : i don’t own an android , so this may not work . update there is a command line version of xkcd . cm , where titles are printed out .
it is unlikely that there is a way to view alt-text without disabling images . from a technical standpoint , alt is not a tooltip . (http://www.456bereastreet.com/archive/200604/alt_text_is_an_alternative_not_a_tooltip/) however , in the real world , many sites ( like xkcd ) use it for added effect . since touchscreens have no concept of " mouse over " , it is unlikely you will ever see a browser with a simple technique to view alts . your best bet is to go in dolphin 's options/preferences and see if there is a way to disable images .
download xkcd viewer app in the android market . you can then tap on the comic to bring up the hover text .
the right answer is to just go to http://m.xkcd.com. there is a link on there to show or hide the alt text .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
be an activist and upvote the defect here ! though that is a longer term answer . : )
not quite a browser , but the google reader app lets you do this . long-press a picture and you will get the option to view either the picture or the alt-text . see the attached screenshots :
having cwm installed will not prevent your phone from noticing that an update is available , but it may prevent the update from installing in the usual automated fashion . the update process actually works by creating a special file with a " script " for the recovery to run , then rebooting to recovery ; cwm will just show its menu instead of running the script . it may be possible to apply the upgrade through cwm as an ordinary update zip , but if you want to make sure the process is seamless , it would be a good idea to flash back to the stock recovery before installing the update . btw , the jro03o update for the galaxy nexus removes the automatic stock recovery flash that you linked to . you no longer have to do anything special to keep cwm installed when running stock .
in theory you should get full speed but this things can be dodgy sometimes . make sure you make these speedtests at the same spot and at the same time to avoid congestion and diffrent signal strenghts effecting the test . you can try usb tethering and see if the speed improves . if you can not find usb tethering in settings there are apps that should allow you to try this . you can also try to put the phone to a better spot ( signal wise ) when using the wifi tether . on an unrelated note , please try to be more precise when using units such as kbps . you used bits 3 times and byte once . a small ( normal ) b means a bit and a large ( capital ) b a byte . one byte is 8 bits . 40 kbps ( kilo bits per seconds ) is 5kb/s ( kilo bytes per seconds ) . please do the tests again and edit your question with the correct numbers with correct units or post in a comment . it is also possible that your computer is doing some stuff ( such as cheking for windows updates or antivirus definitions ) that might effect your speedtest . also the compter might show the results in a diffent unit than your phone , so the numbers are smaller but the speed is the same .
no , this does not seems to be normal . when i use my phone for tethering i get the full 100% speed my phone is normally capable of . maybe you network supplier is slowing down the connection or the tethering isnt working all that great .
this xda thread provides a method for rooting without unlocking , though i do not know if it will still work for 2.3.6 . worth a shot . if i does not i think you had need to downgrade your firmware to avoid unlocking , which would wipe your data anyways . as for backing up without root , see how can data on an unrooted phone be backed up ?
i was able to flawlessly root nexus one with stock 2.3.6 with doomlord 's easy rooting toolkit [ v4.0 ] ( zergrush exploit ) . this also installed busybox and superuser app . no bootloader unlock or wipe was performed and no user data or apps were lost . some useful info can be also obtained here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/htc_nexus_one/flashing_guide
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
dragging an app shortcut from the home screen into the little bin simply deletes the shortcut , not the app . you can recreate the shortcut this way : find the app in the app drawer ( that is , the list of all apps ) hold your finger on the app to pick it up the screen will change to the home screen drop the app where you want on the home screen . you can move to the next screen by dragging to the edge of the screen . on the other hand , if you drag the app icon from the app drawer to the bin , it will completely uninstall the app . it checks first , with the dialog , " do you want to uninstall this app ? " if you answer ok to that dialog , then the app is completely removed , and you can only get it back by installing it again in the usual way .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
power supply is actually a term with some actual , albeit generic , significance and meaning . in handsets , the power supply is probably ( i am not an electrical engineer , or expert on device hardware ) a component that regulates the power supplied to the device ( keeping the voltage constant , for one thing ) , and manages the physical charging/discharging of the battery . as far as what could have damaged it , it could be anything from dropping/shaking the device if there is a loose connection , to a short caused by water , to overheating . unless you can find a connection that got loose , and the power supply is indeed fried , you will need to get it repaired . if you think there might have been any water damage , put the phone in rice for a day or three , it will dry out most liquid that may be in the device , and it might just work .
first , you need to be aware of two facts : android uses more than one file system ( think of " multiple drives/partitions " when comparing with your computer while sharing a common base , directory structures might differ between manufacturers so as starting points , i further recommend the file-system tag-wiki and the partition tag-wiki ( you might also want to take a look at the most frequented questions using those tags ) . in my answer , i will concentrate on the mentioned " common base " . however , there still might be deviations made by some manufacturers . partitions as said , android makes use of multiple partitions . in the file system , they are represented by " directories " , which serve as their mount-points : ¹ details below ² virtual file systems ³ these might differ . often , /mnt/sdcard is the internal sdcard , while the external sdcard is found in /mnd/sdcard/external_sd . above list is far from being complete , but should hold the most important partitions . directories here i again will concentrate of the partitions which are most interesting ( or this answer would get far to long and , for most readers , boring . /data and /data/data these are in most cases two separate partitions , but there might be cases where this is handled otherwise . one thing they have in common ( add /cache here as well ) : they get wiped on a factory-reset , while the other partitions are usually left untouched by that . as for the directories contained , i will again concentrate on a selection ; most things here you either cannot touch without having your device rooted . ¹ for details on the dalvik cache , see : dalvik ² each app gets its own data directory assigned here , using the app 's package name . there might be a similar directory on your sdcard , mostly used by apps with larger amounts of data . ³ usually , files are stored here temporarily to be installed/executed . google play e.g. downloads .apk files to this directory , before installing the downloaded app on your device of course , i intentionally skipped several directories . if you really want to go into details , this site might not be the best fitting place ( as we deal with end-user questions -- and end-users normally do not touch these things ) . in that case , several places/ressources might be recommended : xda developers good technical books on android ( there is e.g. andrew hoogs android forensics and mobile security , which goes much deeper into details here ) where can i ask questions that are not android enthusiast questions ?
to refresh the list of your music you do following : go into settings-> manage apps-> all services . scroll down and select " media storage . " then hit the " clear data " icon . source : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-4-general-discussion/220965-players-dont-detect-music-my-sd-card-after-ics-update.html
you probably have not been asking the right question in your research . have you tried searching ' rescan media ' in the android market ? a multitude of apps will be returned . personally the great app widgetsoid has this function amongst a multitude of options/settings .
on phonebook settings , mark to show only google contacts . unselect sim card , phone , and other stuff . now , the default options will be google .
i have similar problem , on reading this thread i checked on the proximity sensor on the techno f7 and discovered it was somewhat blocked , i cleaned the blockade and everything went fine . the proximity sensor is located at the right of the speaker it is a small oblong shaped spot .
disclaimer : i have a samsung galaxy s4 just giving this a shot in case it works . are you using the stock phone app ? maybe you have the Turn off screen during calls checked .
i was able to gather that required information through reading a log starting recovery on sat oct 5 16:12:57 2013 framebuffer : fd 4 ( 320 x 480 ) recovery filesystem table ========================= 0 /tmp ramdisk ( null ) ( null ) 1 /boot emmc /dev/block/mmcblk0p8 ( null ) 2 /cache ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p15 ( null ) 3 /data ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p13 ( null ) 4 /recovery emmc /dev/block/mmcblk0p16 ( null ) 5 /misc emmc /dev/block/mmcblk0p19 ( null ) 6 /sdcard vfat /dev/block/mmcblk1p1 /dev/block/mmcblk1 7 /system ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 ( null ) 8 /sys_boot vfat /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 ( null ) command : "/sbin/recovery " it is also known as the recovery log , do not know whether there is a connection . so there are all the partitions which are mounted . so i use the linux dd command and flash the recovery partition . /dev/block/mmcblk0p16 as listed there dd if=recovery_image of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p16 note : this resulted me a broken recovery image . [ i think they still not supporting for this device ] . good thing that i have already backed up the recovery image . dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p16 of=recovery_backup . img so i have replaced it with the backup again and it is working back .
fragmentation is caused by a number of things , here are a few : screen resolutions - you can have a varying degree of screen sizes between phones ( and tablets ) . solution ? developers have to make sure their uis scale gracefully . it is not much different than creating websites for different screen resolutions . this is not a new problem . apple " solved " this by forcing their phones to have one resolution ( plus a 2x resolution which make it easy to scale things up ) . see android dev guide for some more information . hardware - no phone is exactly like another phone . beyond screen sizes , we have different processors ( or multiple ! ) , different video graphics , different sizes of memory ( on board and external ) , different keyboards ( or no keyboards ! ) , ( optional ) notification lights , ( optional ) track balls , ( optional ) cellular antennas , etc , etc , etc . there are at least 500 different types of android devices out there . one thing may run great on my phone , but not yours due to different hardware limitations . operating system - each flavor of android brings out new apis for developers to use . this means that developers have to conditionally check whether or not they can use these apis based on the device in use . additionally , carriers/manufacturers can be slow at updating ( or may never update ) their devices ' software . so some devices may " lag behind " in updates . even more : some manufactures like to skin/theme android to their own liking ( touchwiz , motoblur , etc . ) . this can cause some fragmentation as a stock version of android behaves a bit different than a device with a skin .
from logical point of view if you create an app with sdk 1.5 it should run on devices with os version 1.5 and higher . but reality is a bit different . the same application that works on samsung device with 1.5 may not work on htc with the same os version and vice versa . also there is no 100% guarantee that it will work on other devices with newer os versions . why ? there is no strict standard on hardware/software implementation among all android manufacturers . every manufacturer makes his own device and makes his own version of android os for the device which complies to the relevant sdk version , but has some additions/differences . and these differences lead to the fragmentation .
there is keyboard app in the google play store called swype which has many handy shortcuts - such as copy , paste , select all , etc . the shortcuts involve swiping certain keys . when i use swype i find these shortcuts to be incredibly efficient and helpful .
it is unlikely that your phone is useless . from the symptoms you state , it sounds like you have done one or more of the following , rooted your phone unlocked the bootloader installed a custom recovery installed a custom rom if even any one of these is true , the ota update will fail and redownload itself because it thinks it was a bad package download .
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
i have figured it out , had to enable mtp mode under settings => storage - > settings button on top right -> usb computer connection and then enable mtp from there .
power control plus will do this , and more . specifically for you , it will open up the settings page to toggle 2g/3g . however , it is not free . it will cost you $2 .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
this certainly is not a cable issue , as raghd hamzeh suggets . i have ( had ) exactly the same problem with 2nd generation of nexus 7 tablet . in my opinion , it is a very poor , weak and unstable mtp protocol , that you have to use on any android 4 . x , which is responsible for your problems . the only fix or work-around to this problem ( to not to break my tablet with a hammer ) , i found out , was as stupid as setting up local ftp server ( baby ftp server was ideal for this kind , one-time solution ) and installing ftp client to my nexus and then copying files that way , through ftp protocol . i know , that mtp protocol is very , very unstable and forcing users to use it ( i.e. . removing native usb support in android 4 . x ) is a google very not funny joke . and it thrills me , that i have to use such stupid solutions , to solve such obvious things , like copying files to my own mobile device .
i was having a similar problem . what i did was install es explorer on my android and use the lan option . on the pc i setup a share folder ( s ) . in es explorer i went to the folder with the file ( s ) i wanted to transfer , i copied them . from there i went to lan page and tapped on search , takes a few seconds , then tapped on icon for my pc ( 192.168 . x.x. x ) . then choose where i want to put the file . real easy work around you can also use es explorer to transfer between other devices ( wifi hotspot , bluetooth , ftp . . . ) good luck ! ! !
in addition to ftp server for file transfer , you can also try an app like airdroid or es file explorer which will allow you to transfer files using wifi . mtp protocol is cumbersome and not very stable . there might be an issue with nexus drivers on your pc . have you tried copying from another pc ?
first off i wholeheartedly agree this is not a cable issue . there are all sorts of bugs i am finding with android kitkat . i also got this error . i was copying about 5 folders of music and a single song . two folders copied fine before i got the error . brute force re-attempt and the second time it started but timed out , at which point it lost connection to computer . i had to reenter the password to unlock the device and it showed in windows again . this time , instead of letting the screen timeout , i purposely pressed the power button to put the screen to sleep . this time the connection stayed and the transfer completed successfully . try turning the screen off after it is connected to the computer .
firefox mobile supports http proxies , so whilst it is a different rendering engine you should at least be able to get a feel for how your ui performs on a small touchscreen . here 's how to get to the secret config section - http://support.mozilla.com/en-us/questions/758279 the default browser includes proxy support in gingerbread ( although that does not help you and your unrooted desire right now , htc should be offering an ota update to gingerbread soon , or it may spur you into rooting and re-flashing your phone ) . ( for both of these , you had need to configure a proxy on your network so that it can serve up your foo . xyz domain ) finally , you could always use the android sdk 's emulator . performance will be painfully slow , but you would at least be running the same rendering engine . edit : as gathrawn mentions in the comments above , you could also possibly achieve what you want using dns entries on your network 's default dns server or a development dns server . your phone will pick up your wifi network 's default dns server , or you can change it to something specific via settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings > menu softkey > advanced .
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
i would try a factory reset via Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset . this will wipe your phone , so make sure to do a back up first if you need to ( you can search this site for backup methods ) .
no need to factory reset your phone . simply turn off mobile tracker , it will work .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
install appzorter app . this is for froyo or newer devices with touchwiz ( samsung devices only ) .
can i order the apps alphabetically the app drawer already does this for you . or group them into folders ? long press on the home screen . click folders . click new folder . click on the folder to open it . click on the " folder " at the top to rename it . drag and drop apps into the folder from the app drawer to place them into the folder . or maybe there is a better way of managing with an ever increasing number of installed apps ? i can also recommend apps organizer .
it is quite an easy task . see the source of the inputdevices system package . or get the ready to use polish programmers external keyboard layout plugin from there : https://sites.google.com/site/polishhardwarekbd/ you will find the app source there as well . regards .
i am interested in this too . however , as a temporary fix i found that the soft keyboard you have selected seems to affect the way a bluetooth keyboard functions . for example : i usually use go ! keyboard . while i have this selected my shift key is a latch ( double press for shift-lock ) and ctrl-c and ctrl-v do not function . however , when i switch to hacker 's keyboard , shift requires me to hold it down and ctrl-c , -v and -a all work as they would on a pc . what i would really like to do is edit the way the fn- functions or some of the iphone of mac keys work to attatch them to my back , recents and menu buttons . this must be possible because one of the keys already works as ' home . '
the " not compatible with this device " message encompasses more than just the os version . the play store also checks for other software and hardware components that the app 's developer listed as requirements . these components can range from a minimum screen resolution , to having particular hardware ( e . g . tegra 3 chipset ) . you can try searching for a given app on google play store website to get a better idea of the incompatibility .
have you tried google 's quickoffice ? it detects numbers ( and underlining them ) , and lets you click the number to open the dialer with that number .
i tried to format /sdcard/ via the recovery , but it would do nothing , contrary to what it logs . so finally i have formatted it via newfs_msdos ( /system/ needs to be mounted , the command is located at /system/bin/newfs_msdos ) : and then my sdcard was fine , i could write on it and use it via usb . i guess it was somewhat corrupted .
you should try this command to remount as rw : remount -o remount,rw /mnt/sdcard 
some troubleshooting suggestions : does the sms only show up in go , or does it also show up in the stock " messaging " app ? if it only shows up in go , we know it is an issue with that app . if not , an actual sms is being received by your phone . if it is a go problem , try clearing the go app cache completely . if the issue still persists , explore if it might be contact related as someone else suggested . if you sync your contacts with google , temporarily un-sync them so they go away and reboot . do you still get an sms ? if you are actually getting an sms ( feels unlikely ) you might want to contact your carrier just in case , they will probably be able to submit an error report so that someone can look into it . please supply more info on how your problem develops and i will try to expand my answer .
sounds like windows had an open file handle when you disconnected and something got corrupted . i would attempt to copy everything over to your computer and then format it . get the usb drivers from somewhere official .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
untested by me , but check out : finger letter handwriting there is also handwritingnote , but it seems a bit limited . qmemo also seems like an alternative , based on what you require .
sparx 's suggestions seem pretty good . here are a few more ( also untested ) : genial handwriting myletter ( this one seems if-y ) graffiti for android ( very cool if it works because it converts the handwritten notes to text )
jotter is very good , but it is specifically for the samsung galaxy note .
it is my creation , but you may be interested : antipaper notes
generally it is the first google account you add to the phone that is associated with the market .
note that the google play store now allows use of multiple accounts ! in the app , press the menu button and hit accounts to see the currently selected account and to choose another . when you buy or install an app , it will show the email address being used ( on the preview page , where you select the payment method , permissions and such ) . you can still back out at that point . it is right at the top , at least in the newest market . ( bigger picture here )
if you visit play . google . com and click on " my android apps " , you will be able to see which apps were downloaded for each of your accounts . on mine , my entire app list shows on my personal google account , and only the system apps show on my google apps account . if you have a similar scenario , it is probably safe to conclude that your personal account will be used for on-device purchases .
it is probably worth noting that standard google apps accounts can not use checkout at all , so you can not put a credit card on them , and so can not pay for market apps . only apps accounts upgraded over the last couple of months to the upgraded apps accounts can ( if your account was upgraded you should have got an email with the title " your google apps account now works more like a full google account . " if you have not then the only account you can use to buy apps on the market is your personal one .
yon can buy apps on http://market.android.com/ using browser . this way you can be sure with which account you are logged in .
jabiru project has " legacy ssl " option .
hope this is not patronising , but did you go to sound settings and check that the " safe headset volume " button is deselected ?
at the moment the gmail app does not support normal email views , only the conversation view is available . as a workaround i believe you can open your gmail account to allow pop3 access , and then you can use the default email application , instead of the gmail application .
i use option 4 ( dlna ) quite beautifully for streaming both music and video to my phone/tablet/ps3 and tablet within wi-fi range in my house . my setup is : pc mediatomb running on ubuntu-linux ( if you run windows , i am sure there are alternatives ) tablet / phone : upnplay ( free on google play ) linked to your favorite media player pros : all media sits on one machine all my devices ( phone , tablet ps3* ) can stream media from that location secure over encrypted network no bandwidth issues cons : my pc has to be on 24/7 . *ps3 only recognises some divx codecs
i have had a squeezebox streaming media player for years and the software which is also downloadable free is pretty good so i use that . i can stream remotely , as per original question , when i am away from the house and i have used xiialive as an android player . it is not as light as player as i would prefer but it works . the server also looks after submissions to last . fm which keeps me happy . all free software . the squeezebox server is also cross platform .
have a look at soundwire .
generally , galaxy devices have AllShare app which is dlna certified software . if your device does not have AllShare , install skifta . now , all you need is a dlna certified media streaming server on pc . fortunately , Windows Media Player 11 on windows xp has this capability . so , you do not need extra software . make sure your music collection is in wmp library . you do not need any extra-terrestrial configurations as dlna certified products feature upnp ( universal plug and play ) . just make sure apps ( or , its services ) are open and are connected to same network ( lan/wlan ) . its the best way for streaming media because its upnp . it was designed to get rid of complexities of traditional media streaming solutions . and , it supports pictures and videos too .
if you are looking to just play music anywhere in the house , the option to just access a file share from your phone and play music from it is probably your best bet . es file explorer has a samba plugin that should allow just that , and most music players should be able to do playlists . as an aside , no matter which option you chose you do not have to worry about bandwidth so long as you are using a locally hosted option to stream your music ( ie , not a cloud service like google music ) . however , if you want a lot of control and the ability to stream to multiple devices simultaneously like an internal house radio station over your local network , i would strongly recommend subsonic . you have an enormous amount of control over your media via the app from any machine running the subsonic app , and they have apps for all phone and pc platforms . the only catch is that there is a $20 license to use the phone apps . however , that would not stop you from just tuning into the streaming feed from your phone and using the browser based interface instead to control your music .
subsonic . it is extremely robust and easy to use . it is open source but there is a licensing . however as it is open source you can remove easily the license . ( and this is perfectly legal ) see https://github.com/khresearch/subsonic
ok , this is not the answer , this is some kind of " workaround " that i do not like . it works but makes me memorize another super key combo . and with that settings i get this results : using alt+shift feels unnatural and i would like to get the same behavior that i have got on my pc , but for now this works .
i hope this are the steps you followed : if not just reinstall again your cyanogen mod and it should work .
as you have access to the recovery partition , you should find an update zip that you can flash to it . most likely you will have one on your sd card still , if you updated using the cyanogenmod updater . using the recovery menu , navigate to Install ZIP from SDCard and select it . you will then have to find the update . zip file . it may be in a folder called cmupdater or something similar . if you have a folder like that , find a zip in that folder and select it to flash . erase your data , and try and reboot the device . if that does not work , then i am afraid i do not have any more ideas sorry .
i know this is probably the last thing you want to do but a factory reset is probably the best thing to try .
just saw this today . . . androidspin : turn your android into a keyboard and mouse for your playstation 3 or pc another reason we all love technology , thanks to some clever development by xda member berserker_devel , you can now use your rooted android device as a keyboard or mouse on your playstation 3 . the app , blueputdroid , has been released in beta form and allows your phone’s screen to be used as a cursor and virtual or physical keyboard to input text . this app could also be used for your pc , for those that really want the most from there device ( s ) . either way it could save you quite a bit of money on buying wireless input devices for your toys ( provided they have bluetooth and are supported ) . a limited number of devices supported at present but it is being actively developed so something to keep an eye on even if it does not cover your device right now .
i can confidently refer you to my own app , androidrc . it works for all android devices with all windows pc os versions ( tried and tested , stable , minor bugs not included . . ) . it does require a server app , but for that you get some extra windows program native support apart from the mouse and keyboard : vlc player bs player winamp player powerpoint itunes windows power controls windows media keys control
i have not tried it myself but premotedroid states it works over bluetooth . from the market : use your phone as a remote control device ( like gmote ) for your computer over wifi and bluetooth ! main features : - mouse and keyboard control - file explorer - screen capture
there is an app project on google code that does this : androhid it does not offer you a full keyboard , it is meant more as a remote for wireless presenting or audio/video controls , etc . ( much like older sonyericsson feature phones , e.g. the k- vor w-series did ) . you need root . it seems inactive at the moment ( last release from 2010 ) and it is not in the play store .
you could download teamviewer for android and then download teamviewer portable ( scroll down some ) . this way you could run teamviewer from your usb drive without having to install it and then connect with teamviewer for android . i have used it to connect to my home computer and download some files - it works great on my evo . hope this helps edit - i could not wait to try it so i gave it a shot . it works pretty well but you can only access the main display ( can not point things out with the mouse on a secondary display ) . also i needed to enable the " presenter view " so that i could click the " next " arrow since the presentation was on the secondary display . the computer i tried it on was on wifi and my evo was on 3g .
no . when new android versions are developed by google , they use the nexus devices to test and develop them . they co-operate with the vendors of the different hardware and software components inside the device so that all the necessary driver changes will be ready for the new version , and they only announce it when the updates are already available for nexus devices . google works together with the leading handset manufacturers to give them early access to the new android version and to help them make the necessary changes to support it , but even so , there is always going to be a delay between when the new version is announced and when manufacturer updates are ready . third-party roms like cyanogenmod are another option , but as they are made by volunteers without early access to google 's code , they usually become stable much later than official roms are released . so if you are not happy with the timeliness of updates for samsung devices ( or any other manufacturer ) , your only option is to not buy devices from that manufacturer .
there is no official stock version of android for many devices . updates for for example an s3 are not brought by google . they are released by the manufacteur , in this case samsung . android ( stock with gapps and everything ) is for nexus devices at first . for any other branch you need other kernels , other drivers and whatever . so if you had take the master-branch and even compile the source ( which is always up-to-date ) at your own , it will not work . so no , unfortunately there is no possibility to recieve the same update as a nexus device at the same time .
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
on the standard jelly bean keyboard , which is the next sub-version after ics ( i class a sub-version as a version in which only the number after the decimal point is incremented ) , you access the backtick ( ` ) by pressing the ? 123 button , the =\&lt ; button and then the ` button is the second on the top row , from the left . however , you may need to enable an extended or qwerty keyboard - this can usually be done from the keyboard settings , which can be accessed at : system settings --> language and input --> press the little setting icon next to your input method/keyboard .
on my galaxy nexus with the default android keyboard i see the backtick ( aka grave ) on the secondary symbol screen . ? 123 then =\&lt ; and ` is the second key in the top row . i normally use swiftkey 3 , however , and i find it as one of the options on a long-press of ' on the secondary keyboard ( accessed by pressing the 123 key ) .
press and hold the c key and the list comes with a backtick .
usually you can get some human readable partition names using :  find /dev/block -path \*/by-name -exec ls -l {} \; 
your gsm carrier might have different apn s for 3g and 4g service . if so , you might be able to find a way to use tasker to automate the modification of your data apn between the two . i have looked , but all i can find is using tasker + apndroid to append " apndroid " to the apn name to disable mobile data entirely . useful in its own way , but not in your use-case . if anyone else can figure out a way to make it happen though , i think the potential is there . otherwise , i found a forum post describing how to use tasker to toggle 4g data . they list instructions for toggling lte ; i do not know if it will work for toggling hsdpa/hspa+ 4g on your note ii but it might be worth a shot . here are the juicy bits , modified slightly for clarity : you must be rooted and running a custom rom that supports 4g toggling ( i.e. . aokp ) . step 1: download secure settings step 2: open the app , go to options and scroll down to custom rom actions and ensure that " lte " is checked step 3: open up tasker and create a profile entitled "4g on " and choose your first context ( app = chrome ) step 4: click new task at the top of the tasks list and name it 4g on . step 5: click the + button and scroll to plugins and you will see secure settings . click it . step 6: you will see edit configuration ; click edit step 7: now you will see a list of the options you have enabled in secure settings . we care about 4g , so scroll down to lte and click it . then it will ask you what state you want lte to be in . this is the 4g on profile , so click on . save and apply the task . step 8: repeat steps 3-7 , but now choose the context you want for 4g to be off , name your profile and task 4g off , and when you get to the configuration settings in secure settings , make sure you check off for the state of lte . save and apply the task .
have you tried using a different onscreen keyboard ? there are several on the market like swiftkeyx that use their own autocompletes , and they have other languages available .
i was having the same issue but in spanish and i just disabled sms division on the messages option menu and problem solved , no need to hack around dictionaries edit : go to " messages " > press " menu " key > press " adjustments " ( in spanish it says " ajustes" ) > uncheck " sms split " btw , this question is more suited for the android . stackoverflow . com site .
the cacert application should work ; it does not work on older devices . you may also want to use the curated list the guardian project puts out : rationale here ; direct link here . requires 2.2 or newer .
as liam w suggested , have you tried the any of the developer options ? on at least 4.0 ( ics ) and higher ( and perhaps older versions , someone else will have to verify ) in settings > developer options check out show touches and pointer location ( screenshots and short descriptions here ) . neither are exactly what you are looking for , but perhaps you will find them useful .
firefox mobile or another browser would need to support this directly for such an extension to work . do you need a screenshot , or do you just need to view pages offline ? in the latter case , the answers to this question might help : viewing web pages offline .
you can use browsers that support add-ons . for example , i use dolphin browser and use the add-on called " screen cut " / " dolphin screen cut " which allows freestyle screenshot so you can rearrange and measure a certain area of the screen if you so choose it over than a whole screen capture . you can also use maxthon browser which supports this .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
firefox mobile + addon fennec screenshot does that job perfectly .
aha ! five minutes later . . . it is the setting in the google translate app . Settings - speech input - Spanish was set to Default Dialect . i set it to Spanish (Spain) and voice input now works on both devices in spanish in flight mode . it would be be nice if android was a bit less picky when it came to missing language data , like web pages work with fallback fonts . but , it works , quite well , and it is free !
a lot of sdcards are formatted as exfat ( extended fat32 - which is better than fat32 in a number of aspects for flash media , including support for larger than 4gb files ) . unfortunately , this is a licensed and proprietary technology and custom roms can not legally include support . if you have a card reader for your computer , you can use that to back up the contents of your sdcard . then you can right click on the drive in my computer and select format . select fat32 and let it do its thing . when it is finished , copy the contents back to the drive and put it back in your phone . if you do not have access to a card reader , then you will either need to use another phone to back up your content on the card , or possibly , see if you can still enable usb mass storage in recovery ( most likely under the mounts and storage menu depending on the recovery used ) . if you can not do either , then you can just format the sdcard from within recovery , which will put the filesystem to standard fat32 and make it readable in your custom rom , although , this will erase all the content on the card .
it turns out that the location or link to the external sdcard has moved from /sdcard/external_sd to /extsdcard , while the /sdcard/external_sd was blank . so i thought that the card was not mounted , but in fact it was .
i have youtube app version 5.3.32 and the only way i could change accounts was to clear the data from settings > apps > youtube and when launching the app again it asked which account i wanted to use .
yes , add both your account to settings > account , then you can choose which account to sign in to on the youtube app . make sure to sign out first swipe left , and tap on sign in you should be presented with an account chooser
no , you cannot add an account to the youtube app and we are forced to use one account . i really do not understand why they have not added that yet . . .
log-in to youtube with your other account and then add it to google account . so next time you can choose either one from gmail ( there is option to switch accounts in gmail ) .
sorry whats app+ is down . they infringes the rights of use of whatsapp .
uninstall whatsapp plus and delete whatsapp folder using file manager . install official whatsapp from play store and verify your number . after complition of verification , just chat with few and then uninstall whatsapp . now finally install whatsapp plus and this time it will verify your number . done .
i faced a similar problem on my lg android handset , but then i realized that i had not done my ' sms cleanup ' for the last 6 months . i deleted all old messages , then things started working fine ! it turned out to be a basic maintenance issue .
when this happens to me , i disable the data on the device and re-enable it and the message usually goes through . you can also just try switching to airplane mode and then turn off airplane mode .
this happens sometimes . i believe its a bug with the messaging app . i used to have this . i suggest force closing the application ( settings -> manage application -> messaging -> force stop ) once done , just reboot for safe measure . this should fix your problem . : )
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
in addition to changing the password , you should go to the market on the web and " deactivate the device . "
you should check out lookout 's plan b app . it lets you find your phone after it is lost . i would recommend using seekdroid or where 's my droid in the future .
it seems that voodoo sound control on your fascinate/sgs worked because of three different pieces - the preinstalled voodoo control app , a specific digital to audio controller , and a kernel that can allow the two to communicate . as best i can tell the galaxy nexus does not have the correct dac nor a kernal that would allow the controller app to work . sorry , it seems you are stuck with eq apps for sound quality . my suggestion at this point , if you are needing more volume from your phone , would be to look into external powered amps .
there is option in settings ( auto link apps ) check that option . your apps will be linked automatically after install .
there is option in settings ( auto link apps ) check that option . your apps will be linked automatically after install .
no they have jelly beans for ther nebula 6.9 and eon 6i but they are not palaning on making a rom to upgrade eon 5i . . and going for a custom rom that created for another brand /model is such a risk . and personally im think that jelly beans will not suit the eon5i bcs its lack of low internal memory however zigo technical crew is much friendly once i have soft bricked my 5i by system change . and though didnt had a rom bakup . and had go to service center they are very frindly and rooted by themself after resoftware . anyway if you need any help regarding rooting zigo come to my group and feel free to ask questions . im still learning about roms and methods . here is my group
i would suggest you should contact the manufacturer .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
from droid forums to bypass activation : reboot the phone , when the green android shows tap top left tap top right tap bottom right tap bottom left must be done every time you power on the phone
found another way to do this besides noah 's answer : simply touch the android , and select skip activation . ~ android central forums ( brought to you by google and chrome browser ) i have not tested this out yet , so let me know if it does not work so i can take this down and it is not a nuisance .
without rooting , etc there is no way on the droid 3 to go back to the droid 1 lockscreen experience . motorola and their forum users recommend using a lock timer so you do not have to use the pattern every time . motorola forum post
i do not think the actual internal storage is full on the sgs ii . it is probably the data or cache partitions that are full . you can go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the cache/data for the " high use " apps . i have a lot of apps installed but still have tons of " internal storage " space left , but i only have 11% ( 19.3m ) left in my /datadata partition . it was at about 2mb the other day , but i removed a lot of apps that i do not really ever use anymore . my /data partition , where the applications are installed , has a max size of 1.8gb , but my cache partition , where temporary data is stored , only has 80mb . the cache could fill up quickly if you use apps that cache a lot of data .
i was also facing the same issue and the below link helped : ) http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s-ii/272384-galaxy-s2-cannot-download-updates-new-apps.html this works ! !
i believe you can move apps to the " internal sd card " by going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , selecting individual apps , and choosing " move to sd " if it is supported . though honestly i keep all my apps off the sd , so i do not know whether it tries to move them to external or internal sd .
check the space used up by your text messages , which is stored in internal storage . whenever i receive the " memory full " notification , i delete all text message threads , and that always fixes the problem , especially if it is been months and i have received pictures , etc . i also use sms backup + to backup all of my text messages in my gmail before deleting all of my text messages .
there is no solution to this problem . on the sgs2 , the move to sd button actually moves the apps to the external sd ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) and not the interal usb ( /mnt/sdcard ) . this means that the application 's data is still on internal usb , but the application itself gets moved to external sd . the only solution to install large applications on the internal storage is to repartition the 16gb so that you have a much bigger phone partition and smaller internal usb partition ( they are both partitions of the same physical disk ) .
you can not do either using the official facebook for android app . you have to do it through the website ( presumably the full non-mobile site ; there is a " full site " link at the bottom of the mobile version ) .
no need to root or anything . you can just simply stop it being running by going to settings> application> viber> force close this will close all the services related to viber . but remind you , you have to force close it every time after you use viber . oh there is another way to do that . start viber , then close it . then open your multitasking window/history window by pressing the home button . you should see viber there at the bottom . long press on the screen-shot of viber . you should be prompted with two option , app details/info and clear from list tap on app details/info and click on force close this will do your job . hope that helps .
this is an official rep . of viber . due to the c2dm feature , you are always available on viber , there is not way to " log out " and " log in " . please note that if you " exit " viber , it will open again only if you get a msg or call . let us know if you have any additional questions . thanks ! viber team
i have viber on phone and tablet and it behaves differently . by default , no matter how you stop the service it always turns on when you receive message . on phone when i go to settings - general - turn off " show viber status icon " , and then i just exit the viber ( via exit or stop service or clean task manager ) i am really offline . all messages are received after i turn on viber myself . i can be offline for days . it behaves like this only when i turn off the viber icon . i guess this is a bug but i like it and hope it is not going to be fixed . i do not know if it is bug just for combination of my phone and android version or if it " works " like this on every phone . on tablet this does not work , viber cannot be really off .
afaik you can not stop the process in the background without unistalling it . you can logout from your viber account , then it will not display you any notifications
there is an app for this if you have root : greenify
there are different apps to change rendering effects , i think , and there is also an app to dim your screen way more if you are rooted : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.superdim otherwise , cyanogenmod does not have widgets for this . i think certain custom launchers ( such as launcherpro or adwlauncher ) have the option to create shortcuts to certain activities , so you could possibly add a shortcut straight to the render effects menu .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
there is no option to set notifications on sub folders using the stock email app . you can set each folder to sync but only the inbox will throw a notification . there are some email apps that will do it though . touchdown does for sure but it is a $20 app . k9 is another popular email app but i have not tested for this functionality .
there are many email apps for android , each one should have an option within the app itself where you can check or uncheck to be notified of a new email arrival . this list covers the most popular ones : email allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . gmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " settings" ; tap over the desired account ; scroll your way to " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " email notifications " . k-9 mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " more" ; tap " accounts" ; long tap over the desired account ; from the popup , tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; tick the checkbox for " new mail notifications " . maildroid allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " preferences" ; scroll your way to " notifications " and tap it ; select the icon for the status bar from the dropdown ; tick the checkbox for " show separate notification " , aditionally you can tick the checkbox for " show once" ; yahoo ! mail allows you to have a notification on the status bar for each one of the configured accounts . can be activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " options" ; tap the desirable account ; tap " notification settings" ; tick the checkbox for " show in status bar " . hotmail allows you to have a notification on the status bar , when activated within the application : access the application ; tap your device " home " button ; tap " account settings" ; scroll your way to " general settings " and tap it ; scroll your way to " notifications and alerts " and tap it ; tap " email notifications" ; tick the checkbox for " message notification " . notes : some email apps , in order to notify you of the arrival of new mail , need to have the " auto-sync " and the " background data " active on your phone settings : this options are found on your device settings , under " accounts and sync " . " tick the checkbox " stands for having the checkbox with a green tick on it . the gray tick is the disable status . if your email app is not present on the above list , feel free to @zuul me and i will be glad to add it to the list . only email app with notification capabilities will be present .
in the email app in my android 4.4.2 , there is now an option for folder sync settings in each e-mail account . by setting a particular folder to push instead of manual sync , i receive notifications when e-mails arrive in a sub-folder as well .
since google did not seem to work on this feature , i have implemented it myself . you can download my app and my code changes in this xda thread .
if you are using gmail app : will notify only selected sub-folder open " settings " select account select " manage labels " select label ( sub-folder ) to get notifications for verify sync is applied ( all or last 4 days ) check " label notifications " you can also check " vibrate " and/or " notify for every message " as well . ( my gmail app version is 4.5.2-714156 )
that screen means your device is in " download " mode , which allows it to be reflashed using samsung 's odin utility ( or the open source alternative heimdall ) . it is accessed by holding the volume down button when powering on your galaxy nexus . also , to clear up some confusion , this is not fastboot mode - that is different . you access fastboot mode by holding down both volume up and volume down while powering on your device , and it also gives you access to a bootloader menu which you can scroll through using the volume rocker . the image on the screen is also different , and your device will not respond to fastboot commands in odin mode . this is what the fastboot screen looks like - as i noted , you can see that the most obvious difference is that the background image is not the same :
one option : install adw launcher as your home application and set it as default from your home screen press Menu Button-&gt;More-&gt;ADWSettings to open adw 's settings select UI Settings-&gt;Main Dock Style-&gt;None to hide the bottom bar optionally , you can also select Screen Preferences-&gt;Hide StatusBar to hide the status bar at the top , which effectively makes your home take up the entire screen .
currentwidget does the trick for me .
the system panel app has a nice historical chart of battery usage so you can see how quickly it charges as well as how long it takes to drain .
battery indicator pro will tell you or you can go into settings -> about -> battery and look there .
yes . any usb charger can be used for it . it is all standard 5v usb . the only thing you need to pay attention to is the current rating of the charger , especially with a tablet . if the charger can not supply enough current , the device will charge slower than it should , if it will even be able to charge at all with the device on . i am not sure about the 7" tablets , but the 10" tablets will charge at up to 2.5 amps , whereas a typical smartphone charger will only put out 1 amp or so , meaning it will take at least 2.5x as long to charge on the latter .
it might marginally increase your battery life , since if the network selection is set to auto , it will periodically poll the networks to see if lte is available . since it will not find it anyway , why not disable it and restrict it to your available networks ?
androidlost is my personal favorite . i do not know if it can turn the device on , but i know it works for everything else . my favorite feature is the pop-up message you can send that takes a picture with the front facing camera when they click ok . if you do not have access to your phone , install it via the market link and login on their site !
google latitude tracks your location — that would work until they wipe your phone , of course .
i could not find any anti-theft app that can be activated in any way besides sending a text message . what you can do , however , is installing one of these apps and immediately activating it before losing your phone . having gps continously activated may drain your battery more than you had like to , though . of course , your phone can neither phone home nor be remote controlled unless it has some sort of internet connection . but wifi should still work without a sim card . the most popular apps for this sort of thing seem to be prey and where 's my droid . the latter requires the paid pro version if you need remote wipe .
assuming the phone has not been wiped , and is logged into your account , and has some form of network access , android device manager can locate , wipe and lock your phone . with newer versions you need to enable location access . i tested location and ringing on a phone with wifi , but no functional sim card ( i have an old cancelled one inside to keep it from complaining ) . without any way to communicate with a phone its tricky . prey is pretty nice , has a proven track record ( and a pretty impressive recoveries page ) and can be activated over text . it will also activate itself on a sim card change or removal , and try to call back so it may be useful since the phone will have to be turned on eventually to get any use of it . nothing can track a switched off phone , short of magic .
you could try android device manager , but your phones 3g must be online or it must be connected to wifi
cerberus can be activated by both it is web service and via text message . if you are rooted , it can be integrated into the system apps and so survive a complete wipe . fyi , no app will let you track your phone while it is turned off : ) it can also turn on the gps remotely , has real time tracking using google maps ( looks like google navigation in a web browser ) , take pics/record sound and video , sound an alarm , hide itself from the app drawer so thieves will not know it is there , remotely lock the phone with a code , wipe the system , display messages , download the last 10 texts and phone calls , and lots more . cerberus is $5 , and worth every penny . it can be downloaded from google play , but the download section on the official site has cerberus apks that can be flashed and integrated directly into the rom .
i would suggest you to factory reset your phone or do that from cwm after wiping dalvik , cache and system data . and consider going to cm11 on your verizon gnexus too android 4.4 has better ram management and task killing . i am saying that your system is behaving very differently so may be aome bug but most probably virus or something which cannot be specifically detected so i suggest thoroughly wiping your system .
as i have already explained in my answer here , on *nix based systems there is no such thing as " unused ram " . how ram is utilized , depends on many criteria : what apps are running ( foreground , background , services . . . ) how active they are ( program structures , data loaded ) how much file i/o there is ( data from " slower storage " gets cached in ram for faster access ) are only some of them . follow up to the other asnwer to find out how to get additional details about caches and buffers used in ram .
in my opinion it sounds as though it is definitely your sim card . this can either be an issue with the sim card or the phone itself . if the phone 's applications are working fine , then it is probably the sim card . you should put the sim in another phone and see if it can read the messages . if not then you should contact your phone company and ask them to send you the texts they have stored on their system . it will either be a few or them all depending on your company . my logic of thinking is that if the texts were stored on your android phone itself , there would be something else missing that is not your texts . either way hope this helps .
it is an very easy process . first make sure that you have the driver installed . if not install this simple driver http://downloads.unrevoked.com/htcdriver3.0.0.007.exe by downloading and running the file . after this unzip the ruu zip file you downloaded . you will see one pdf file and one . exe file . if you want you can read the instructions on pdf file . connect the phone and run the exe file and follow the step by step wizard . things to watch out for : make sure your phone has at least 60% charge . this process will take around 10 minutes to complete , do not unplug the phone until the wizard says the process is complete . your phone will reboot during the process which is normal .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
you need root to do something like that , sorry to say . rooting is probably less intrusive than screwing with system services , though . you could use titanium backup to " freeze " an app which will prevent if from running or being altered . if that causes problems , you can simply unfreeze . you could use autostarts to control what events trigger what services . if a service is never triggered , it will not run !
root the device and then flash a custom rom . that will replace the motoblur . once you are running the custom rom , if you still see that these services are still running , since your phone is rooted you can uninstall the offending system apps .
ok , i have found a way to deactivate motoblur without rooting the phone ! reset the phone to factory Settings &#8658 ; Privacy or SD and Storage &#8658 ; Factory data reset when the phone reboot , cancel the configuration of motoblur take of the widget who remind you to configure it and it is done !
just discovered a much easier method . do a factory reset . then press the bottom left button , and select Skip Setup .
install a terminal emulator , launch it and run : ps | grep 10058  ps lists the processes and grep filters for the id you want . but this only works if the application is running when you run the command .
in adb shell ( or terminal emulator ) use the following command : cat /proc/&lt;your_process_id_here&gt;/status  and look in the " name " field . this should be the name of the process . so in your case it would be " cat /proc/10058/status "
android assigns each application a uid ( user id ) at install time ; unlike pid ( process id ) which is transient and keeps changing all the time , uid stays constant as long as the application is not reinstalled . the uid should be unique to each application , except when the application explicitly requests to share a userid with another application ( there are security restrictions around this , the two applications must be signed with the same private key , i.e. comes from the same developer ) . these applications claims to show uid of applications : https://market.android.com/details?id=redfishandroid.appexplorer https://market.android.com/details?id=com.sayhello2theworld.te edit : try looking at /data/system/packages.xml ( you need root to view this file ) , each installed application should have an entry there . say , i have adobe reader installed in my phone : my phone have assigned userId="10034" to adobe reader . for applications that have requested to share user id with another application , say handcent : then the attribute you are looking for is sharedUserId="10064"
if fastboot is installed on the handset ( or commonly called bootloader ) , it might be best to re-flash via usage of usb cable and the handset with the cable plugged in . in order to achieve this , a original image file is needed for this to work . the essence of fastboot , is that from the command line , the handset can be re-formatted and told to boot specific kernels without touching the original on the handset . consider the options used in the fastboot binary command line application , as in : thus , the command line to wipe cleanly and flash the original image file would be this : fastboot erase system to wipe the /system partition cleanly . fastboot erase data to wipe the /data partition cleanly . fastboot flash system original_system_image.img the optional step may as well be , to flash the original boot image which can be achieved in this manner - fastboot flash boot original_boot_image.img . if you happen to have the original update.zip for your handset , it might be easier to do it in this fashion , instead of the three steps above listed , as in fastboot update update.zip .
there are different methods for updating your device . once you have rooted it , the checksum for your /system partition changes , and an update might check that and abort because of it ( as you just experienced ) ; this is mostly the case with ota-update s . however : major version updates are rarely spread ota , but mostly have to be flashed manually using a corresponding computer program . which one that might be , is manufacturer-specific and depends on your device ( so for details on that , we need to know which one it is ) . still , applied as an update it might again fail with its checksum verification . a third variant would be assuming a " virgin device " , and make a full install . this usually does not apply any checksum verification ( as it does a complete install , and not an update ) . for this , you might want to check with where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? more details on device updates can be found checking frequent questions tagged " update " and our update tag-wiki . p.s. : after clarification for the targeted device , there are two more tags you might want to investigate : odin is samsung 's flash-tool for windows , heimdall is a multi-platform open source equivalent .
i ended up just installing cyanogenmod . they have features that stock android should have had from the beginning , and support pretty much every android device on the market for many years after google and the various device manufacturers abandon it .
it is possible you are confusing " lock screen " with " screen timeout " . lock screen will provide security to enter the phone . the display timeout will turn off the display to conserve battery . this seems to be the one to which you have chosen 30 minutes . on my phone this is the longest natural timeout for the display , though you can possibly exceed it ( i have ) with an automation tool like llama or tasker ( maybe ) . to disable the lock screen , see settings > security > screen lock , or possibly even the shorter path : settings > screen lock . select " none " to eliminate the need for a pin . you may have to provide the pin one more time to accept as a credential .
the " device not supported " message means that you probably downloaded the recovery image for a different device ( at and t 's lg g2 " d802" , or international lg g2 " d800" . ) you can override this check , but it is not recommended , as the devices might be different enough that you could cause irreparable damage to it ( a . k.a. " bricking " . ) the most current twrp for t-mobile 's lg g2 ( d801 ) is located here . i could not find an official clockworkmod recovery for the d801 , but you may want to search appropriate sections on xda-developers forums for unofficial builds that are compatible with your phone . another recovery image according to cm 's installation wiki can be downloaded from here , but must be flashed with loki_flash tool , as described in the installation instructions .
install the permissions app , and look the the apps under take pictures and videos .
xprivacy seems to be the tool of choice for these issues , although a bit tough to get through all the settings . could not find the spying app yet , but will keep this post updated .
that is usually the INSTALL_SHORTCUT ( resp . UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT ) permission – which might be present multiple times , as it is declared by the resp . launcher . to find out yourself , just follow the links i have given : ) edit : as stated in their faq , xprivacy is no " permission manager " , but a " privacy manager " , and thus only cares for privacy-related permissions . installing shortcuts is one of those permissions it does not care for ( explicitly stated ) , so this is rather an unintended side-effect to be dealt with an update ( fix ) from the xprivacy dev ( s ) .
" sim contacts " by " needom studio " is a free app on the android market that shows contacts from sim on the incoming call screen . you have to enable the " incoming calls to remind " option for this . i did not find an app that shows them in the sms or call log . i would really like that . even better would be just an option in a normal contacts manager to include contacts on the sim without having to copy them to the phone . i like to keep my contacts on the sim only so i can just put my sim in my old phone ( with longer battery life ) and it shows all the contacts .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
this device can be rooted using the zergrush exploit ( which is the base exploit in the gingerbreak app ) . to root : make sure you have the zte adb drivers installed ensure usb debugging is enabled on your device download this zip folder and extract the contents with your zte connected to your computer in usb debugging mode , run the batch file - this will use the zergrush exploit to gain temporary root , and will then push the su binaries , as well as setting suid to make permanent root work correctly source
well you can try managing battery life with juicedefender , which does a great job at disconnecting data connections when not needed and turning it back on when needed . i can personally attest to this fact although i use gingerbread on my xperia neo v . give it a shot and see
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
i know you do not want to add the birthdatr into your google address book , and that is fine . the method i use still require to put that info online , but what i did is i created a birthday calendar on gcal . i creates an entry for each birthday in that calendar and set a yearly recurrence . you can also set a reminder for each of them if you want to . and since it is a separate calendar , you can toggle it off or on at will . hope that helped or gave you an idea of what you actually want to implement . good luck : )
the only way is , to create a new unsynced calendar in your calendar app on android . but you have to create each birthday on your own .
you might want to try ebobirthday ( http://www.ebomike.com/android/ebobirthday/ ) . you can enter the dates manually . it can also import from facebook . hope that works for you .
install my new open source app birthday adapter : http://code.google.com/p/birthday-adapter/
this was raised as an issue in june 2009 and despite being discussed extensively there does not appear to be any way to show the original timestamp in vanilla android . this leaves you with a couple of options : use a custom rom like cyanogenmod which supports this , or install an app like sms sent time which appends the message sent time to the message itself
battery app re-calculates the remaining battery based on the battery power currently being used ( mv ) and history . that is why you can do calibration to correctly measure the current battery status and range of it . in most case , battery power ( mv ) , it goes down from the top and it usually up and down within a small range but for overall , it goes down . but sometimes , the current mv is goes up and it is caused by 1 . battery usage forecast was wrong or 2 . battery is recovering its power again - for example , after cpu intensive task , the voltage could goes up 3 . the remaining percentage goes up if the battery usage is slower than the expectation ( it is not going up because it is not being used . even the screen is off , the battery is still being used ) . in this case battery app recalculate the percentage based on the current mv and trend that how fast battery mv is decreasing . if mv is increasing , then battery app will show like it is being charged . . . but actually its not being charged , instead battery app recalculates the mv decreasing speed .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 running the default 2.3.3 gingerbread and from within the phone/contacts app , selecting a contact and then scrolling to the groups section allows me to check and uncheck whichever groups i wish this particular contact to be a part of . naturally , make sure you are saving your contacts as " google contacts " and not simply " phone contacts " .
thus far , there appears to be no answer . the best alternative appears to be that you can log into gmail on a pc and add your new contact to an existing group . will change the answer to this question if a valid answer pops up .
for what its worth . . . on my galaxy note 2 , i found the " personal dictionary " option by tapping the gear icon next to " google keyboard " . i did not find " personal dictionary " under any other keyboard option though , so it may be limited to the google keyboard .
not every device has this feature . i tested on my samsung-galaxy-s-3 , and it does not have this option either , but the nexus-7 and nexus-10 do . i am not sure whether the feature was only added in 4.2-jelly-bean , or if it is just missing from samsung roms . either way , you probably want a third-party text expander app as others have suggested .
you can fix android force close error by going through the solutions given in the presentation tutorial . find it here http://www.slideshare.net/stenaglass/android-force-close-error-fix i am hopeful that you will resolve your problem as i have already fixed it ! wish you best of luck .
this most likely a problem with the program itself . try sending in your issue to the actual developer team . also most likely you can say force stop on the application instead of deleting and reinstalling .
there is an easy method . go to notification panel by swiping from top to bottom . you can see all missed calls
you could change the way the logs are " viewed by " . go to logs--> settings--> view by--> all logs . if it is already on all logs , then quite possibly the logs are full , try deleting some or all of the logs .
go to logs , press Menu , select View by , then select All logs .
this blog has a simple way of initiating a call via the command line . service call phone 2 s16 "+18001231234" . combine that with vi0 's answer , and you could have a script to dial a phone number by pressing the button . i have not tested this to see if dialing 911 would work , but i do not see why not ( unless android specifically disallows that ) .
i started implementing my own solution for my device . here ( source ) is a program that ( started as root ) will allow you to start shell scripts using series of button presses . currently having started this monitor ( andrhard 66 /h/andrhard &lt; /dev/input/event2&amp; ) i can easily toggle the flashlight without unlocking the phone ( using /sys/class/leds/lv5219lg:fled/brightness ) now the problems is how to call/answer from shell scripts . . .
in phones with cyanogenmod rom you have voice dialer facility . launching it will vibrate the phone with a beep informing you that it is ready to receive your voice input . speaking to it like " call john " or " call 911" etc will make the device to call . to enable this to work without the touchscreen you may have to configure the hardware keys . to do so , go to settings-> system-> hardware keys . enable the custom actions and you can configure the search key 's long press event for launching voice dialer .
go to start . type device manager . do you see some icon with a yellow triangle exclamation mark in it ? if so , you probably did not install any drivers . install the samsung usb driver or the google usb driver .
i was having trouble with the original pre-installed " music " app on my droid x randomly playing music even though i never used the app . i tried factory resets , updates , cache wipes , data clears , everything i could think of . the only fix i found was to root the phone and use titanium backup to " freeze " the music app so that it no longer functioned . it is possible that music has latched on to one of your podcasts the same way that mine latched on to a song . note : this is not the new google music service and app that uses the cloud . this was the original google music app that came on the android phone . shame on google for re-using the same name for two different apps , and both buggy .
this may depend on the tablet , but as far as i know anything with honeycomb and an hdmi output will simply mirror the screen when plugged in . my motorola xoom , for example , will mirror everything on the screen to a tv when my hdmi cable is plugged in . i can use it for app demos and the like at work just fine , so what you are looking for is ( from a purely technical standpoint ) possible . saying that it will work on every device would a very broad and presumably incorrect generalization on my part , though , so i would assume that i cannot accurately apply this rule to every device out there . you will probably want to look at the specs for specific devices before you purchase one , and ask a retailer ( or a manufacturer , if necessary ) about it is video output capabilities . on top of that , there are also some devices like the galaxy tab 7 which support composite output via a special connector cable . this also mirrors the screen , as i recall , but i do not know of any other devices that support composite hookups offhand .
after updating to a 2.3.4-based rom that is not 2.3.3 , this issue seems to be solved . see more details in the answer to this question .
yes . seems there is a problem . the touchscreen takes inputs that was never made . have a look at this http://www.thinkdigit.com/forum/mobiles-tablets/122921-official-android-discussion-thread-73.html#post1836923 there are various problems of android that lg ships on the p690 . i would suggest installing a good custom rom , which should fix the problem if it is not a hardware issue .
i had the same problem with the touch-screen of lg p690 . i have installed a new custom rom and searched a lot for answers . in my experience , it is a hardware issue causing the touch-screen to randomly press itself . my solution ? i have a new phone .
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
i think so . find the message you sent in the " messaging " app . long-press on it . choose " copy message text " . now run the mail app , compose an email , and in the body of the message , long-press , and choose " paste " from the pop-up menu .
open the case and look at the battery . it should say 1500 mah .
without special measuring equipment and some kind of a reference - no you can not ( not in mah ) . there is no app that would provide you with that kind of information , at least not accurate enough .
there is an app in the market that claims to do this for htc phones ( search " battery mah " to find it ) so i believe its theoretically possible . i would guess that instead of actually measuring the enery stored , its making estimates based on the phones specs and actual use . i do not know how accurate it is and i am pretty sure it would not be accurate on your phone . one problem is that even an estimated battery capacity in mah is very hardware dependent so you had need an app specifically for your device and there is not one at the moment .
not currently , but the slide . me application manager ( sam ) 4 will have support for updates .
i am not sure i understand the reason for the 2nd pc . you can push and pull from/to multiple android devices ( emulators and physical handsets/tablets ) connected to one machine via adb . command " adb devices " will return all of the connected physical devices as well as emulated ones , e.g. : List of devices attached emulator-5554 device HT035P90XXXXX device  where " emulator-5554" is the emulator , and the other is a physical handset . from there on you can target a specific device with adb 's "-s [ serial_no ] " switch . for example : adb -s emulator-5554 shell  or adb -s HT035P90XXXXX pull /system/app/Music.apk c:\  or any other adb command .
yes . on your second pc , set the environment variable ADBHOST to the ip address of the first pc and run the adb server and client . related steps ( more detailed ) are here . although you are not connecting to a physical device , it is apparently also possible to do so over the network without using usb . instructions for that are here .
hboot is bootloader . it lives inside nand 's first partition , mtd0 ( if partition map is mtd ) . it is loaded in memory ( ram ) when device is switched on . its jobs are : check the hardware . initialize the hardware . start the operating system ( either android or recovery ) . hboot can also support doing more than this like flashing roms . something more : nandroid backup and restore do not touch hboot .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
i asked the same question over on ask ubuntu and someone suggested it was a dodgy usb cable . i am kind of speechless , but indeed , swapping the cable solved my problems . now when i plug my phone in to a usb port , i get a little notice that the usb is connected . onward .
it is for installing vpn and ssl client authentication certificates that you use to access vpns or web servers that use certificates as logon credentials . it is fairly rare to need to use credential storage for the majority of droid users . if you do not possess any digital certificates that identify you , it has no value to you . ( found in some forum )
there no official upgrade of 4 . x . x for samsung s5302 . however you can install custom roms like cyanogenmods to upgrade your phone . but you need to root your phone before installing custom rom . check this out custom rom for galaxy y duos lite gt s5302 also this : cyanogenmod 9.0 [ ics 4.0.4 ] for galaxy pocket
you need to get kies . download it , install it and let it do its job . it will install all the drivers that you need to connect your samsung gs3 to windows .
i had the same problem but on windows 7: phone was charging ok but not recognized as external device . i suspect an update of android version is the reason . i found this solution on the internet and it worked in my case : power off your phone power on the phone in download mode ( volume down + home + power ) press volume up to continue in download mode -> you should see an android bot and some informations about your os ( rooted or standard , . . . ) plug your phone into your computer using your usb cable windows should now discover it and load the driver ( from windows update ) power off your phone power on the phone ( classically this time )
the bluetooth device names come from the device itself , so unless there is a way to do this from your headset , this is not possible , at least on stock android . a quick google search revealed a thread that claimed cyanogenmod 7 can do this ( it creates an alias for the device , does not change the name itself ) .
" project butter " is google 's name for the ui latency enhancements implemented in android 4.1 jelly bean . any android device running android 4.1 or later will have those enhancements . remember , though , that software is only part of what makes an interface smooth and 4.1 is not a cure-all for lag . slow hardware will result in a slow ui regardless of the os . your best bet is to find a tablet with 1 ) 4.1 or higher , 2 ) good specs , and 3 ) good reviews of its performance .
the stack exchange sites provide a " mobile " link in the footer that will give you the mobile layout . it should work regardless of your browser 's settings or which browser you happen to be using , so in that sense it is actually a very portable solution .
is contact syncing enabled in settings/ ( accounts ) /corporate/ ( your exchange account ) ? view one of the contacts and go to menu/edit . at the very top , does it show that it is attached to the exchange account or the google account ? if it is the google account , you need to make sure to select the exchange account when adding the contacts . if it does show the exchange account and syncing is enabled , edit your comment to reflect this for further support .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
as the link you provided mentions , " printer manufacturers can use new apis to develop their own print services — pluggable components that add vendor-specific logic and services for communicating with specific types of printers . " this means that the printer manufacturer has to supply an app to enable direct printing over wifi . without this , cloud-based services like google cloud print are you only options .
try leaving yourself voicemail , then listening to it , then deleting it . ( sounds like something i had to do a few years ago )
long-press on the notification and you should get a little " app info " box . hit that , then hit " force stop " . if the app info box does not appear , go into settings -> application manager -> all , find the phone app , and force stop it . that should send the notification packing . if it comes back , the problem is t-mobile sending out erroneous " you have voicemail " announcements and you will have to talk to them about it .
absolutely . well . . . almost . just make sure you set the partition from rewritable to read-only once you are " unrooted " . however , once you are unrooted , binaries like su and the superuser apk will in all probability removed , so you will in effect be dropped to a lower privilege level . this will have the side-effect of having the apps installed in the system partition as being uninstallable . a workaround is to remove/uninstall apps from the system partition , remove root and then add the apps as user apps - this will ensure that they can be updated in the future without the need for root .
after a number of attempts , found this distro at github : update . zip had to replace updater-binary to another version matching my phone ( took it from verified and working firmware ) . next , modified updater-script to look like this :
i have since found that this is neither a push message nor a cell broadcast . i disabled both , yet still received these . one of the two was already disabled by default , can not remember which . apparently by inserting the sim card , i got an " app " called " mts menu " . this is the app that shows the messages . using app master , i found that this app comes from /system/app/stk . apk : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; " stk " appears to stand for sim application toolkit , basically a feature of sim cards that enables operators to bundle " value added services " , aka bundleware/crapware . it is really stupid that android comes not only with this feature enabled , but also makes the source of these pop-ups very difficult to trace .
the backup is held on your old phone . you would need to be able to switch it on to be able to retrieve it . if you get it switched on its simply a case of copying the whatsapp folder from the old device to the new one , opening whatsapp and allowing it to restore messages from the backup .
you can turn sync on/off for each app individually from the main device settings . under the accounts list , click on an account to turn sync on or off for that account . alternatively , you can simply turn off notification sounds for all apps . use the volume rocker to bring up the volume control , then click the settings icon to expand the volume control into separate controls . the speech bubble with an exclamation mark is the volume for notifications : drag that slider all the way to the left to mute notification sounds without affecting music volume . there is slider with a phone icon lets you mute the phone ringer independently . in addition , some phones have a blocking mode or driving mode which disables notifications completely . on recent samsung phones , you can reach this from the quick settings panel in the notification tray . tapping the icon in the quick settings panel turns it on and off , and long-tapping it takes you to the settings for that feature .
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
for the galaxy s3 , this indicates that the telecoil mode ( aka t mode or electromagnetic coupling ) is active . as eldarerathis mentions , this is a type of hearing aid comparability . it involves using the speaker coil in a specific manner to inductively couple with a compatible hearing aid . in this mode , the hearing aid shuts off its microphone and receives audio only from the phone , effectively eliminating background noise and giving better performance than just using the hearing aid to pick up and amplify the phone 's normal audio ( which is known as m mode or acoustic coupling ) .
try going to your billion router and check that it is not restricting access by mac address . if it is then make sure your android 's mac address is pluged in . also , if you have bluetooth running on the tablet , try turning it off first , in case there is an address conflict .
i once had a problem with another wi-fi client . my device got connected to the router ( got a dynamic ip adress from the router ) , but was not able to browse the web because the dns was not working . have you tried wifi analyzer to examine your problem ?
i had the same problem but with another device ( htc touch diamond2 ) . you need to edit network settings . write by yourself ip-adress , subnet mask , router of current wi-fi . i think to find out this information for you will not be difficult .
check out forwarded call alert free root . it also has a paid version , and an xda thread . there may also be other apps that can do this that i may not be aware of .
as liam already pointed out , there is no danger involved for the developer . if one wants to grab the .apk for distribution , that is easily possible using apps like appmonster , which can back up the .apk file to sd card . no extra protection from google 's side -- except users might feel more safe installing it from a " trusted source " ( and they are right about that at least when it comes to unknown/new devs , as the google bouncer adds a protection layer against malware , see android and security ) . in fact many developers hold their apps .apk files available on their project site for good reasons . one you already mentioned in your question : playstore might have ( temporary ) problems . moreover , not all devices are able to access the playstore ( and thus could not use your app if it would be available only there ) . another good reason would be to provide " beta versions " this way , so as a dev you can get early feedback without running the risk of negative feedback on the playstore . to sum up : at least for free apps , i would even recommend to keep a direct download link to the .apk available , if possible .
there is nothing dangerous about it , and this is done occasionally when the store is not accessible . in response to your second question , apks are not unique - and can be easily transferred to another device , or the internet . this is the base of android app piracy . when you upload the apk to google play , gplay does nothing to it . it is up to the developer to obfuscate the code , to prevent decompilation .
you can utilize an app like tasker for this . tasker is an automation tool , which executes configured tasks on configured associated events , which can be time-based , location-based , state-based , and event-based . so you can trigger the execution of a certain task at a given time , or when you reach a certain location , when an sms arrives ( event ) , a specific person calls you ( event ) , or -- now it comes -- a certain app is running in foreground ( state ) . so basically , to get back to your question , you could advise tasker : " when i am running spotify in the foreground , adjust ringer volume to maximum . " as a side-effect , you could also do things like " when i run maps , activate gps" ; " when i reach the office , adjust ringer , notification , etc " ( to not annoy your co-workers -- does a great job for me ) ; " when i come home , activate wifi " , and much more . oh , even such easy things like " when i place my phone face-down : shut up ! all volumes to zero ! do not disturb ! " :- ) so to sum up , it is the final swiss army knife for android . . .
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
i have the same phone and the same problem , running android 4.2 ( flash ) , so google play does not watch your firmware level , but your phone 's name . just try to find your apps on the internet or try other markets ( like getjar ) . just now i was trying to find a solution for the problem : )
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
like you , me too got fed up with all these text to speech apps available and features . i just want tts to read a blogpost on google chrome . . . . but cant help . all these apps are of no use for screen reading or webpage reading since almost all thegood ebook reader have this feature and google text to speech is of no added advantage . in my iphone3gs i could do this just by selecting the text , either on whats app , fb , browser etc but not in android . somehow after trying more than 11aps i just found an app called " speakit " . i hopethis will solve the purpose .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
the necessary . apk files for google play store , services framework , etc . , must be installed in /system/app and doing so requires root access . so , you must root the kindle fire in order to do so . however , you do not have to leave the kindle fire rooted . after you have installed it , you can always unroot the device ( though i am not sure why you had want to do that ) .
first , remove the vpn entry . settings will not let you remove the pattern unlocker until you do so . then choose a " slide " option from settings -> security -> screen lock i had the same problem and this works
you can disable screen locks by going to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen Lock on a side note , it is a good practice to use a screen lock , preferably a pattern , a pin or a password .
my mistake for the previous answer . as you have a vpn defined you are probably facing difficulty accessing the network as you need to unlock the screen every time you access so i suggest you download this app . in this app it will remove the requirement for any pattern lock to access the network thereby relieving you of the problem which you face . else if you still want to disable the lock then go through with this
maybe this could help : fix digitizer issues - google-suche https://www.google.de/search?q=fix+digitizer+issues possible fix for digitizer/touch screen issues - xda-developers http ://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1459569 [ resolved ] touch screen/digitizer issues ( random inputs/not accepting touch input ) - android forums http ://androidforums.com/htc-one/728735-resolved-touch-screen-digitizer-issues-random-inputs-not-accepting-touch-input.html fix digitizer problems yourself http ://www.thoracic.org/education/mobile-musings/articles/august-2006.php
i resolved this on the mac by turning wifi off and then back on . on the win7 pc , running the network troubleshooter ( which i believe turned the adapter off and on ) also solved the problem . i believe it may be related to some state left over from a previous connection in both cases . off-topic : with a 4g ( lte ) signal , internet access was comparable ( maybe better ) to my 6mb dsl access at home .
i doubt that there is one one and that there will be one in the ( near ) feature . a look at stackwrap4j , the only java stackexchange library that runs on android , shows that the body ( the content ) of a post , which can be a question or an answer , is returned as plain string . the tex equations are just included as plain tex in that string and get rendered on the client side by the browser . so , for example , droidstack would need a tex library that parses the tex code and returns a picture with the compiled tex . and i am not aware of such a library for android .
go to Settings &gt; Privacy and uncheck Display Message Text .
you can do so by going into the messaging app , and pressing menu -> settings -> uncheck " received notification ( show notification in status bar when messages are received ) " . but you will not get the notification on status bar as said above .
if you are not terribly attached to the stock messaging app , install go sms pro to handle your smses . it is better looking and infinitely more customisable than the stock app . handcent sms is another alternative sms app . once you have installed go sms pro , in the stock messaging app 's settings , uncheck everything . this should prevent double notifications .
if you go to phone settings -> privacy , there is a check box for displaying messages on the lock screen .
once you have disabled the in-built notification as in roxan 's answer , you could install an alternative sms notifier app . i use sms popup which still uses the in-built messaging app to handle all of your messaging , but gives a whole set of extra customizations to how you are notified . i have mine currently set to display the name and contact picture of the person that texted over the lock screen , but not show the message until the phone is unlocked .
the only way in the stock messaging application is to disable sms notifications completely . as an alternative , you can install go sms . it has the option to disable sms preview in the notification bar .
sounds like the sdcard is corrupted so other than trying to use a data recovery tool via usb from your pc to your phone to recover it it looks like you will have to either 1 ) format the sdcard storage via the settings or 2 ) do a factory reset both resulting in losing all the data on the sdcard , sorry :' (
there are a number of alternative on-screen virtual keyboard replacement apps on android market that support hindi and marathi languages . most should work on all recent android os version ( 2.2 and above . )
i have tried disabling my facebook messenger and sent a message via the facebook app successfully . turns out you do not really need the messenger to send messages . its just there so that chat heads will be available when you send a message . and oh , it does not search for the messenger app . im on android 4.2.2 .
no , unfortunately . to chat , you need to install the facebook messenger application . you can send offline messages ( facebook mail ) with the facebook app . not really a solution : but without either the messenger app or the facebook app on my phone , i find that i tend to use my free time a lot better than constantly reading updates on my social networking applications . the important people in my life have my mobile number and can contact me in case of an emergency . try it . you will appreciate the simple things in life more .
yes , for now . facebook is rumored to be removing messaging capabilities from the main facebook app in a ploy to get more users to download their messenger app . to send messages without messenger , you can simply uninstall it and use the facebook app . the middle tab ( third from the right or left ) is devoted to messaging . tested on my galaxy s5 running kitkat .
there is no way to do this without a custom dialler unless you make a custom cyanogenmod version - and modify the dialler to show this information .
the kernel on your device is tied heavily to the version of the android operating system you are running . sony releases your phone with the " stock rom " ( think a " stock " car in stock car racing ; no customization , just as-is from the factory ) , including the stock kernel . normally , your kernel would be updated when the operating system - your " rom " - is updated . this would be the only way to get an official ( from sony ) upgrade , and so the only way you had get one supported by sony . i point this out only to remind you that installing a kernel as described below will possibly void your warranty , as the changes are not tested or condoned by sony , and may operate your device outside the intended limits , or possibly render it useless . what you find on kernel . org is the human readable kernel source code for not only smart phones , but computers and all devices using the linux kernel ; such as android tablets , tomtom navigation systems , or linksys routers . the version you find on your phone has been tweaked specifically for your phone , with all the drivers needed to make things like the touchscreen and camera work . most likely you will not be building a kernel yourself from the source code , but doing one of two things , instead : downloading a kernel built by someone else , who may have used a combination of the newer sources on kernel . org , and the drivers and settings from the kernel released by sony . this would be installed over the top of your existing kernel on your phone , and to you , the phone would appear the same- think a windows upgrade that changes things behind the scenes with little or no noticeable changes to the user . a popular feature in custom kernels is overclocking ; this runs the phone at a faster speed than it was originally designed , but will probably decrease the life of the phone itself , as overclocked chips run hotter than intended . the risk is something you should research for yourself ; i personally slightly overclock both my android phone and tablet . downloading a custom built version of android built specifically for your phone . some of these custom roms are extremely similar to the one sony releases , including maybe the same kernel , or possibly the same interface with a different kernel . some of the custom roms are extremely different- possibly changes to the user interface , various settings , maybe additional features borrowed from other phones- and may include a custom built kernel , complete with drivers so your phone 's camera , wireless radios etc . all fully function . this may ( and almost always does ) require you to completely wipe the existing software on your phone , as if you were wiping and re-installing ( or installing a newer version of ) windows or macos on a computer . it is rare that custom roms can be installed as an upgrade over existing , " stock " roms . after " flashing " ( installing ) the new rom , your phone will behave as if it is the first time you have turned it on . proper backups are key , and you may want to look into apps such as " titanium backup , " which save settings and apps that can be restored after your phone has been " flashed " with a new rom . as for finding which custom kernel or custom rom to use , that is entirely up to you , and you should do a bit of research . most importantly , i would ask why you want to use a newer version of the linux kernel on your phone . if there are no issues you can point to that would be fixed with a newer version , and no specific features you could gain from using a custom kernel , there might not be a good reason to change . sometimes newer kernels can increase battery life by tweaking the way the phone operates , reacts , sleeps etc . , but not always . it is possible the ' best ' kernel to use is the one sony currently includes with the version of android currently on your phone . you may find a custom rom that includes certain features or changes to the user interface you had like to see , and that rom may use the same kernel sony has made available . now , kernels and roms are device specific , meaning you will not be able to use a kernel or rom as-is built for , say , an htc or samsung device , or even most other sony devices . i would highly recommend the xda-developers forums ; a community for users and programmers who have taken to building and collectively supporting custom kernels and roms for various devices , as well as toolkits for rooting devices , installing new kernels and roms , and backing up/restoring all the software on your phone as a whole ( just as you would to backup and restore a computer in case of a hard drive failure ) . odds are , if anyone has built a custom rom or kernel for your phone which is stable enough for the public to use , they have mentioned and linked to it there . the steps to prepare your phone for a new kernel or completely new rom vary from device to device . your device comes " locked"- not allowing custom software without acknowledging that you are taking a risk of ruining your device- and will need to be unlocked first , following the instructions on this official sony site . then you will need to install a custom " recovery " ( software which loads before android even starts , and is independent from your rom ) , and use that recovery interface to make a backup of your current rom before making any changes . you then use the recovery to wipe the device and install the new rom , or just install a new kernel over the top of your existing rom . the forum for your specific device , the sony xperia e dual , can be found here , with discussions on how to complete all the necessary steps for your specific device , tools you may need , and custom kernels and roms in the two ' development ' forums . i can not stress enough that you try to find a walk-through that you are comfortable with understanding , as you can easily leave your device in an unusable state , or in extreme cases , " brick " the device , rendering it more or less useless . most roms come with a list of steps to follow , and , fortunately , other device owners , and the people responsible for the custom roms and kernels can be a helpful resource . good luck , and welcome to one of the very best parts of owning an android device : customization !
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
i never actually found the underlying problem but by deleting all contacts on the sim i at least did not have to scroll through hundreds of duplicates anymore .
are the contacts also duplicated in your gmail address book ? if it is just on your sim , it might be worth going into your carrier and getting a new sim card . it is possible that the sim card itself is corrupted somehow .
this is a known issue with various galaxy s models after upgrading to 2.2 . i do not think anyone 's found the cause , but this fix should work ( did for me on my vibrant ) and is relatively simple . make sure to do a backup first if you want , preferably using clockworkmod / nandroid , because this will wipe out everything except your external sd card . and make sure you have good drivers installed . download stock 2.2 firmware , such as from this xda post for at and t ( first link ) or this xda post for rogers ( first link , " odin flashable" ) . do not unzip it . download odin ( for windows . if you have no access to windows , use heimdall and modify steps 4+ accordingly ) . download the 512 pit file . put your phone into download mode : take out the battery . attach the phone to your computer via usb . press and hold both volume buttons . while holding : insert the battery . click the power button . wait for download mode to show up ( yellow triangle with an android in it ) . start odin . load the firmware . zip file into the pda field of odin . load the 512 pit file into the pit field of odin . ensure " re-partition " is checked . make sure odin shows your device connected ( yellow box with text something like "0: [ com1 ] " ) . if not , disconnect the phone from usb and immediately re-connect . click start . wait till odin says it is done , then disconnect your phone . or if odin shows an error , reboot your phone and start from step 4 again . ( sometimes this just happens ) .
you will get the best results using the built-in media player/decoder ( called " system player " in rockplayer , iirc ) because it supports hardware decoding . for a list of supported containers and codecs see here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h264/aac inside a mp4 container , like the website recommends , but with your device 's native resolution ( and a higher video bitrate , if necessary ) . though rockplayer 's ffmpeg decoder is able to play almost every media codec , the results will be quite poor ( only software decoding ) .
as you can read in the wahtsapp faq , current chat history will be lost upon restoration . anyway , you could follow these steps . for every older conversation : 1 ) use the " email conversation " function : to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : tap and hold on the conversation or group . select email conversation choose whether to attach media or not . an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments . 2 ) send the composed email to yourself . after you did that for every older chat , restore the newer ones using your backup . this way : you will be able to read your newer messages on whatsapp normally . you will be able to read your older messages opening the attached . txt file in the emails that were composed
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
depending on your mobile network operator one solution could be to change the apn of your mobile network connection to an invalid value . on most mobile networks you do not get a data connection without a valid apn - however on some you always get a connection independently of the apn name . there are plenty of tools that simplify apn setting/removing/changing - some examples : apn on/off apn manager apndroid
just re-root . your bootloader is still unlocked , so nothing is preventing you from doing so . the nexus root toolkit should do the heavy lifting for you if you want ( just press " root" ) . manual steps would be : download a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , and save it to your computer download the superuser/su package for arm and copy it to your phone reboot into your bootloader , either by holding volume down while turning on your device or by issuing adb reboot bootloader from a pc ( plugged in via usb with debugging enabled on the phone ) use the fastboot utility to install the recovery image from your pc via : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  reboot into recovery ( boot into your bootloader , then press either of the volume buttons to cycle to " recovery " and press power ) . install the the superuser zip file from your recovery menu reboot . you now have root . in general , if you do not want to lose root , do not install ota updates . you can try apps like ota rootkeeper or superuser 's in-built functionality , but there is no guarantee that it will work since it depends on exactly how the ota is applied . some devices ( the kindle fire is one example ) will actually wipe the entire /system partition when performing an update , making ota rootkeeper apps useless . the only guaranteed method of updating and keeping root would be to wait for a repackaged ( rooted ) version of the ota to appear on somewhere like xda and then flash that from your recovery , or repackage it yourself .
there are several " silent cameras " available on google play , as e.g. silent camera and silent camera ( and many more ) for photos . i remember there was some settings app to completely silence the camera ( regardless of the camera app used ) , but i currently cannot find it .
as far as i know there is no way of doing this directly . however you have a few options : enable google 's backup ( Settings -&gt; Privacy ) . it will sync your settings and app list to the cloud , as well as any app data for apps that support it . if you are rooted , use titanium backup . it can save all your apps and data , and you could put the backup on your sd card . you will not want to restore the data for system apps between two different phones though , since they are unlikely to be entirely compatible .
sorry to hear your hassles however it is actually good news that your phone works well without the problem sd card . since your phone runs like crap and reboots you may be forced to use a computer sd card reader to salvage what you can . i hope someone can make sense of those log files , otherwise maybe mounting your sd card on a desktop pc and running scandisk for errors ( depending on your platform ) . but i would backup all the data i could from it as soon as i could to your computer hd . this is one of those times we hate computers and they remind us to back everything up 3 or four times ; ) you can use apps like http://www.appbrain.com/ to make an online version of your apps . as for your data you could sync with a dropbox app or some other kind of sync app i use sftp on my linux desktop or cygwin ssh on windows with https://market.android.com/details?id=dk.tacit.android.foldersync.litefeature=search_result good luck
may be some apps is running from your sd card . instead of internal memory . some of your application is stored in your memory card that is the reason . apps like : . . .
i had a similar issue and resolved it easily enough by carefully reading the short messages that were regularly popping up on my screen informing me just what apps were causing my phone to " force close . " in my case the culprit was the volume+ app . as soon as i uninstalled volume+ the phone was right as rain .
i got h . 264 ( x264 encoder ) to play with these settings on my huawei u8150 main profile 320x240 ( original video was 4:3 which helps , 16:9 or 2.35:1 should become even easier to decode ) and tuned with the ' fastdecode ' setting i used ffmpeg as the frontend , as handbrake makes selecting the " fastdecode " option impossible the resultant file was only 10% bigger than the one using high profile and no fast decode i would also recommend using mx player as it actively resyncs the video and audio for those occasional slow downs it may have , but fastdecode seems to fix all the slow downs i could find . options are explained here : http://mewiki.project357.com/wiki/x264_settings
it seems that most of the h . 264 encoded video files do not work in huawei ideos u8150 using the hardware renderer mode . 3gps , h . 263s and less complex video profiles work at full speed in hw mode . most flv video files play on software rendering mode ( armv6 mxvideoplayer ) at appreciable speed ( sometimes lagging at certain points , but overclock to more than 600 mhz , and it runs fairly good at all points ) standard mp4s or mpeg-4 part-2 compressed video files seem to be the best file format to play on low end android phones which is easy on the cpu ( plays perfect in hw mode ) and has good balance between clarity and file size . here is my handbrake preset for huawei ideos u8150 optimum video format : http://depositfiles.com/files/gbqtxevo4?redirect ( 320x240 resolution )
i have a phone with the same specs . . . i found that if i encode using wmv2 and wmav2 it actually plays smoother , go figure . libx264 is a lot more complex of a codec and takes about 30 sec . to start playing a movie , but quality will be better . for a player i use mxplayer with the arm6 codec pack . within mxplayer settings i set it to use software video decoding and hardware audio encoding as default . here is a sample of my encoding process : ffmpeg -i input_movie.mp4 -vcodec wmv2 -b 200k -acodec wmav2 -ab 64k -ar 32000 -ac 2 -s 320x180 output_movie.wmv  i let my little daughter use this on long car rides to keep her occupied . obviously you had want to tweak the bitrates and resolution to what you want . but this is good enough for her .
the huawei ideos u8150 uses the qualcomm msm7201a system on a chip . that chip uses a qdsp4000 core for media processing . the qdsp4000 core natively supports mp4 encoding and decoding . in order to take advantage of that feature and avoid software decoding , you will want to store your video in mp4 format . you can reduce the resolution of the video to match the display of your phone ( 320x240 ) . a great tool for transcoding your video media is handbrake . you can use handbrake to transcode to mp4 format at 320x240 resolution . once you find a combination of settings that work well for you , consider publishing it as a preset for other u8510 users to try .
when i had this problem it was caused by a corrupt sd card , so you should check that out soon : the longer you leave it , the more likely it'll corrupt a file you do not have a backup of . for now , try clearing the cache of any app that shows the problem ( from settings → apps ) . if that does not help , clear the data of the media storage app , from the same screen , and then reboot the phone . the media storage app is responsible for indexing your photos and music and letting apps search them , so clearing its data often helps fix problems with the photo index , such as broken thumbnails .
yes you can , but the steps may be a little bit complicated , see the following blog post about ssh-ing over bluetooth .
i put my phone in " airplane mode " to save battery and prevent annoying notifications .
the ' power control ' widget has five buttons for turning various functions on and off - including one controlling updating of applications ( the circular one with two arrows on it ) . you can add this widget by long pressing ( press and hold ) somewhere on your home screen , then selecting ' widget ' from the menu that pops up , then ' power control ' . i believe that if you press the ' refresh ' button to turn it off , it should stop applications updating automatically , but they can still be refreshed manually if needed . the widget also has handy buttons for easily turning on and off wifi , bluetooth and gps , and changing screen brightness . it takes up a whole row on the home screen though , so you might need to make some room . edit - the below image shows the power control widget with updating turned on , and all other functions turned off , taken from : htc desire review at android . marvinlee .net:
i disable 3g data . i still receive/make calls and receive/send sms using " beautiful widgets " .
since you do not want to disable wifi or data use , i would check each of the social apps to see if each of them have a setting to disable updates that you can turn on/off or set a time limit on . getting a task killer which can permanently disable apps from starting would also help . you could always turn off wifi and/or data use until you need it since these settings are easy to get to in the phone .
if you did not sync your calendar with google , i am afraid you will not be able to restore it .
if you root your vibrant , you should be able to get hebrew characters support , as described here . basically you are just overwriting a system default " fall-back " font with the one that has hebrew . this will get your phone to recognize the incoming text . next you can install a virtual keyboard with a language pack , such as anysoftkeyboard and the hebrew language pack .
unfortunately i do not think you can . it looks like samsung has not released a hebrew version . see this related question : does froyo include full hebrew support for all devices ? as well as is hebrew support built into android ?
it is the " menu " key on your keyboard usually located right next to the right " ctrl " key . ( it is the key that opens the right-click menu on windows )
you will need to have the android sdk installed , particularly the fastboot tool . ( you probably have this already if you have rooted your phone . ) go to google 's factory images page , find the section called " mysid " near the bottom , and download the 4.0.4 file . turn your phone off , then hold both the volume up and down buttons , and press and hold the power button . you should see the phone 's bootloader screen , which looks like a green droid with its front panel open , and an arrow at the top that says start . do not press any buttons here , but plug in your usb cable . extract the factory image file that you downloaded . inside , you should find a file called image-mysid-imm76k.zip . open a command prompt , cd to the folder with that file , and run fastboot -w update image-mysid-imm76k.zip . that'll reflash the phone 's factory software image , which should put it back to normal . ( you will be running ics at this point , but you can do the jelly bean ota upgrade afterward if it is available to you . ) this may wipe all your phone 's data — including the " sd card " internal memory — so make a backup of anything important first . if your aokp " has no way of installing apps " , it sounds like when you installed it , you forgot to install the " gapps " add-on , which includes the play app as well as other google apps like gmail . but the other problems you described should not happen — i have put aokp on my galaxy nexus and it works fine . if you still have problems after flashing the factory image , you will need to provide more detailed information about what is happening .
slideme supports paypal . but i dont know what their " inventory " looks like compared to android market . you could try to get the paypal debit card and link that to a google checkout account , if you can . . .
andappstore , but it does not offer anywhere near the number of apps as google 's market .
i have this happen from time to time . my issue is usually just about any application , not just " non-stock " . to fix it i have to reboot in to the recovery and clear the cache . i believe that it has to do with the number of applications that i have installed , ~105 total , and the amount of data they store in the cache . clearing the cache usually fixes it , but only for a short time , unless i remove some applications . i am now down to about 80 and i have not had the issue in a couple weeks .
you should select your operator 's internet apn from the apn list to enable the mobile data network . if you do not see it , check the settings from your operator and insert it manually from that menu .
i found this thread : http://forums.androidcentral.com/verizon-galaxy-s-iii/297744-calendar-event-how-add-bridge-numbers-easy-dial.html it looks like you can make a contact with a complex dialing code and then link to that contact as an attendee on the calendar event . then click the attendee link to dial the number .
try using temporary lock . it allows you to lock the phone on an as-needed basis . ( there is a free trial . )
all you have to do is make sure that it is set to ' immediately ' and then when you turn your screen off ( by pressing your phones power button once ) , the phone will lock at the same time - and the screen will still be off .
you can press the power button or use program like screen off and lock . the advantage of software lock is it will prevent wear and tear of your hardware button .
the setting you have mentioned there will work when you manually turn off the screen - on my htc desire it is pressing the power button . with " lock phone after " set to " immediately " it will lock the phone once the screen turns off ( manually or after timeout ) to set the screen timeout go to settings | display | screen timeout and set it to however long you want the screen to stay on for until it automatically turns off . the two timeouts work separately : screen timeout is for when the screen turns itself off ( for the battery conscious ) lock timeout for when the lock screen will be shown ( for the security conscious ) for example , i have screen timeout set to '2min ' , and lock timeout set to ' immediate ' . so if i leave my phone without touching it , 2 minutes later the screen will turn itself off . if i immediately turn the screen back on , i will be challenged with the lock screen . if i keep screen timeout as '2min ' and change lock timeout to '5min ' , then like before without using the phone , the screen will turn itself off in 2min . however if i immediately turn the screen back on , there will be no lock screen . only after 5min of not using the phone will i be challenged with the lock screen when i turn the screen back on .
i have a samsung s3 mini ( android 4.2.2 ) . i prefer to lock the device manually . i also prefer to turn the display on and off manually without locking the device . to keep these functions separated , i made three configuration changes . i set a long lock timer ( 15 minutes ) . i set a long screen saver timer ( 10 minutes ) . i installed a widget called screen off . touching screen off locks the device instantly . pressing the power key turns the display off and on , but does not lock the device . the long timers eventually turn off and lock the device when i forget .
this should be possible using tasker . while it might be a bit expensive if used for this one purpose only , there are so many other things you can solve with it , so it finally is definitly worth the money . a free trial is available at the dev 's website . but back to your question . i did not try it out ( yet ) , but basically it should work like this : tasks you first need three tasks , to enable/disable/delayed_enable the lock : task " activate_lock": display -> keyguard : on variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 1 task " deactivate_lock": display -> keyguard : off variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 0 task " delayed_lock": task -> wait ( configure the delay time here ) display -> keyguard : on variable -> variable set -> name : %mylocker , to : 1 profile a single profile should take care for the automated locking : condition : variable -> variable value -> name : %mylocker , op : " math : is not equal " , value : 1 state -> display -> display state : off task : delayed_lock widgets tasker allows you to create widgets for tasks . so you create two of them : one for " activate_lock " , and one for " deactivate_lock " . configure your system for immediate lock . what will happen ? if you hit " activate_lock " , your screen will be locked . unlock it and work as usual , and as soon as you turn your display off , it is locked again . this is the " immediate lock " you wanted . if you hit the " deactivate_lock " , you get your present state back : once you turn off your screen , both conditions of the profile are met -- and after the configured delay , keyguard ( and thus the locking mechanism ) is switched on again -- your screen is locked .
there is a similar question which covers some of this : security risks of rooting your android smartphone . however , since it does not really explain how you manage access to the root user , i will expand on that here . when you root your device , you basically always ( technically i suppose you do not have to , but you should ) install the superuser application along with the su binary . superuser 's sole purpose is to manage which applications are permitted to elevate to root and which are not . the default behavior is that superuser will prompt you whenever a new app tries to execute a call to su , and you can then allow or deny it using the prompt . it can save your decisions so that you will not get prompted more than once for the same app , but you can erase this saved data from the superuser settings page . it also provides a log viewer which keeps track of when su is accessed and by which applications . now , the tricky part is that many of the newer malicious apps will actually perform an exploit to gain root access rather than simply trying to make a call to su . there is really not much you can do about these aside from being careful about what you install and where you install apps from since they are not even using su to begin with . however - to directly answer your question - apps which require legitimate root access can be easily managed by superuser as explained above . if you are rooted but do not already have superuser then you should be able to simply install it from the market , i believe .
there is no need to do anything here , since these files , despite reporting massive sizes , actually use very little space , as they are so called " sparse files " . i left more details on the android ticket about this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39546#c79 ﻿
you can not push to the sdcard 's root , but you can push in any folder found in it , except /sdcard/Android/data .
i think you mean init . rc and do not . but to answer your question , that file is in the root folder /init . rc to edit it you need root access and remount / rw and even with that you will lose changes when you restart because it is overwritten every time by boot . img content , so you would need to extract boot . img content edit that file rebuild the image and flash it . the right way to execute commands at start is to use init . d scripts . in short if init . d script is supported init . rc calls a functions that search for user scripts in /system/etc/init . d/ and execute them . you can put a script there and see if it gets executed or search for how to enable init . d scripts . edit looking for your command i found out maybe you are using android on x86 . in that case looks like there is an init . sh in /system/etc/ folder . to be able to edit files under /system you need to remount it rw using an app like es file explorer or running from terminal as root : mount -o rw,remount /system 
it depends on what keyboard app you are using . if you are using google keyboard ( the default on nexus devices ) , go into its settings . go to the text correction section and click auto-correction . choose off from the list . if you prefer , you could install a keyboard that supports using multiple languages at the same time , such as swiftkey .
art is still in development stage . difference between delvik and art : when android app is installed , the delvik virtual machine is used to compile and run the app . the compiled app is loaded in the ram . when the app is closed and reopened the process has to be redone . this method is called jit ( just in time ) in art unlike compiling every time , when the app is installed it is precompiled and will be stored in the device itself . this is called aot ( ahead of time ) this takes more space of your device and time to install . however this has a added advantage . since the apps are precompiled , android need not do the process again again thus saving processor and cpu and the app will launch faster . but since art is in development phase some of the apps will not work or crash or force close . to find the app which are compatible with art go here the detail explanation of delvik and art can be found here
art is still experimental . it is not ready for end-users yet : it is only included at all so developers can find problems with their own apps . it does not surprise me at all that games that make heavy use of native code do not work with art . you should ignore anything people say about the performance characteristics of art , for the same reason . it could get twice as fast or twice as slow ( or more ) before it is finally released and activated for all users , so the performance of the experimental version is only relevant for those engineers in google who are trying to make it faster .
you are absolutely correct in stating that the bottleneck is actually not the encryption/decryption but nand write rate . in fact , the performance observed for read/write of encrypted v/s non-encrypted does not vary significantly owing to high cpu speeds . what you might look at though is the rate at which block level encryption happens for the first time . once the device is block encrypted , the performance numbers are pretty close . you can use androbench to profile your device pre and post encryption .
it would be a long and hard way , but if you have enough time and resources you could cross compile the mail software of gnu cli and use it from an android app . this way you can be sure the software will not be limiting your messages by attachment size . and if it did you could properly refactor the source code .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
you have got it wrong . the fuse filesystem is specifically designed to remove permissions and case sensitivity . you cannot chmod in the /storage/* mount points . also know that if you change the permissions on the actual sd card mont point /mnt/fuse or the internal storage /data/media directories you will break the fuse system and thus the /storage/* mount points as well .
no piece of software that you install on any hardware of any form is 100% safe unless you are the author or you have read all of the source code , verified its safety , and built it yourself . okay , so this may be something of an oversimplification , but it is actually not too far off in most cases . custom roms are no exception to this . yes , a rom author could put spyware , a backdoor , or just about anything else they wanted into a rom if they wanted to maliciously exploit it . with aosp roms i suppose the possibilities are somewhat magnified since the android source itself could be modified to contain some kind of exploit or spyware . it is also worth noting , however , that running a manufacturer stock rom is not necessarily a safer option if you are concerned about privacy . the question " is android safe by default " is in some ways kind of a meaningless question . is it designed to be safe ? well yes , data is protected at the application level and apps are sandboxed . any os is intended to be safe , but all of that goes out the window when you run a rom that is not pure aosp . on top of that , the nature of code is that it has bugs , with android being no exception . custom roms and manufacturer roms alike can absolutely have the potential to introduce ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) ways for your data to be sniffed or stolen .
while this question is not often asked , it is one of the best concerning android safety out there . custom roms are not safe at all . ise only official firmware and os .
i will recommend you this htc 's official app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htc.dnatransfer.legacy
the " draw over other apps " permission ( known to developers as android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW ) only lets the app create a window of type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT . this is the same type of window used by the battery warning , amongst other things , and is shown on top of any normal window , whatever you are doing . drawing this window on top of the other windows is done by android itself . an app with this permission still can not read other parts of the screen or read other apps ' data . this permission does not even let the app see ( the names of ) what other apps are running , which is controlled by a different permission called , " retrieve running apps " . facebook messenger does not use that permission , but the main facebook app does , in order to support facebook home . even so , this permission is far from harmless . an app might use this permission to display pop-up ads when you are doing something else : ads that you can not dismiss , not even by pressing home . with a bit of cunning , it might even be possible for an app to place a window that conceals an important confirmation dialog , so that while you think you are answering " yes " to a harmless question , the button belongs to a warning about installing further apps or deleting your data , which the system alert has hidden . this was a common tactic used by windows malware a few years ago ( before uac arrived in windows vista ) .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
you have to uncheck the box that says " use system language " . i had the same problem , i had not seen that !
do a factory reset of your device ( remember to take app and data backup before doing the reset ) . if this does not solve the issue , it may be hardware issue ( either led gone bad or any physical damage happened ) .
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
pefrom factory reset \ clear cache after the cwm restore , the old rom must save data you must delete in order for the cwm to work .
as it seems you have tried resetting to factory defaults and re-flashing same update , i believe the causes might be caused by updated baseband . i would try reflashing different original firmware . you can also flash baseband only via flashtool so maybe it might be worth trying to flash baseband from the firmware that worked . ymmv . you can find links to download ftf ( original firmware ) for your device : build 4.1 . b . 0.587 - http://d-h.st/vft build 4.1 . b . 0.626 - http://goo.gl/hafwi build 4.1 . b . 0.631 - http://d-h.st/ivf sources and more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2047914 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1952333 http://www.flashtool.net/index.php
simple solution , just reflash radio for your device and it should work . if not contact your provider .
try flashing the latest ftf file from here . if you are already in . 631 build try flashing the baseband alone . ( try downloading the ftf file again and flash ) .
seems so . if you have a look at android adb api i have used commands in batch scripts etc to install / uninstall . apk files etc ( agreed that is not the same as installing from the store but it is a start ) . . . and as for theming i am pretty sure you can do stuff with issuing intents etc to make that happen .
this could be done - but would need to either : 1 ) root the devices and allow system priviledges high enough to automate uninstall/install/create wihtout user confirmation 2 ) the user would need to confirm app uninstallations and installations - which would be almost as slow and laborious as doing the work manually . if you decided to go down the root and run route , you would need to write an app which could install the others for you or you would need to look into something such as nandroid which can be used to create an image of a working android device and return you a set of image files to deploy to other devices failing that , as james said - look at the debug bridge apis which could be used to accomplish this .
ics usually has ext4 support . the google nexus s for example had that already with gingerbread . it depends on your actual phone model however : cat /proc/filesystems this gives you a list of supported file systems . execute the above command using any terminal app , eg . " system tuner pro " -> terminal you do not need any rooting to view what file system your android kernel supports . my ics 4.0.4 shows ext4 support . older droids were vfat mostly . if you do not have support you will need to root and install your own custom kernel and/or rom .
two separate issues . does your current rom force vfat or not ? for example , i am pretty sure cyanogenmod does not force vfat and will not forcibly reformat an ext4 when it finds it back to vfat . this is what will happen on some stock roms . if it does not force vfat , great . ext4 is almost certainly supported , if it is not forced instantly into vfat . i quote from cyanogenmod faq : " is ext3/ext4 safe for my sd card ? probably , unless the sd card is very old and does not support wear leveling . " in short , it is impossible to answer if " ics " works with ext4 . it might work , but force ext4 into vfat instantly . it might not work at all . what is important is that you check if the rom you are using both supports ext4 and does not force it back to vfat . only one way to find out , except asking around xda-developers ; )
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
try to search for google the appropriate kernel for 2.3.6 ( presumably you are running on 4.5.141 firmware ) . then flash it . when i say " flash " , i mean a flash by cwm . good luck .
you can visit the accounts page in your computer and click on " settings " tab . under " my devices " section you will have all the devices that your account is being tied with .
common causes that prevent your device from being presented at your devices list are : you are using the google play website before using the google play store app on your device . you are signed in with a different account on play . google . com than you are using on your device . your device isn’t supported . ( droid razr is supported ) the first one probably solves your issue of registering the device within google play store . after , you can manage your devices and disable the old one . access your account , click the " settings " tab and untick the " shown in menus " checkbox . references : google play help
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
i fixed the problem by the following steps : clear data of the xpressconnect app , then uninstall it . this step alone did not fix the problem . reboot my nook to recovery mode , and clear/wipe the dalvik cache . restart . to start fresh , i also clear the cache of all my web browsers .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
i would personally use es file explorer to get the original build . prop back into your /system partition . you have to go into the app options and select " mount system read write " and it will be able to write to the /system partition . the commands for mounting the partition and copying the old build . prop from the root of your sdcard are : $su #mount -ro remount,rw /system #cp /sdcard/your_old_build.prop /system  you do not need to use those though if you are using an app that gets root access .
i assume the usb connection is not the main point ? you could look into a trrs splitter to fit your 3,5mm plug into the headset jack on your phone . here 's one example , just to give you an idea of what i mean . this way you can use a normal recording app to capture analog audio from your soundboard . just be careful to check the levels since the jack is not a line in jack , but a mic in jack .
this sounds like a file permissions issue on the data directory . the only fix would be to wipe , however if rooted and/or have a custom recovery , you should first try the fix permissions option . otherwise , you will have to do a factory reset .
i reproduced the exact same issue on my nexus 10 after upgrading to kitkat . cycling power on the device after the update resolved the problem for me .
summarizing the solution from the comments : the cause of trouble was a corrupted file system : not being able to delete files from the dalvik cache turned out being caused by the system not being able to access them . from the comments : ls /data/dalvik-cache gives me /data/dalvik-cache: I/O error with the trace showing an error to even stat the directory , a wipe showed similar errors in many other places ( as it tried to delete all files and directories recursively ) . so options were to re-format the file system of /data in the hope it was only the file system being corrupted ( and not the block device itself ) . different approaches here . though most of them failed somehow , i will list them all – as on a different device things might look different , and one of them might succeed though it did not here : booting to recovery and issuing a factory-reset ( or with a custom recovery , even directly formatting the affected partitions ) was not a way to go , as it was impossible to even boot into recovery fastboot -w , fastboot format userdata , fastboot format cache had to be sorted out as well , as the device did not boot into fastboot mode luckily , the device was able to be accessed via adb , so adb shell wipe data; adb reboot; failed as described above ( tried to " delete " instead of formatting ) some places mention format CACHE: , format DATADATA: , and format DATA: via adb shell , which initially failed here as format was not a recognized command same for the factory_reset command available on some devices hint : ls /system/bin and ls /system/xbin are pretty helpful to figure what commands are available on the device last resort was to figure the file system parameters via mount ( or checking /init.rc , or other means ) , and then using the corresponding mkfs command to manually re-format the partition . root@android# mount [ … ] /dev/block/nande /data ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 /dev/block/nandh /cache ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 root@android# parted /dev/block/nandh mkfs ext2 # bunch of warnings etc . here , all suggestions approved with " yes " root@android# parted /dev/block/nande mkfs ext2 # same game as with nandh root@android:# e2fsck nande # again confirm to fix each inode returned to the command prompt on the pc : adb reboot  and the device came to the splash , took a few minutes building up the dalvik cache again , and then booted fine ! one thing you might have noticed is a minor difference : mount reported the partitions as ext4 , while tlacaelel then formatted them ext2 . both are variants of extfs , with ext4 definitely being the newer one , so this should not be a real issue . further readings and references : clearing dalvik cache without root ? wipe data/factory reset through adb internal storage partitions screwed up ( this gave the final clues to the op )
solved myself : i tried after reading a lot of stuff to tweak my router and do a firmware update and i totally messed it up and almost destroyed it . it actually will not work at all and will not be found by wireless or anything , but it was already 5 years old , so i did not mind too much , i went and bought a new one ( logilink - heard this brand for the first time , but works like a charm ) . i installed my new router ( even though it asked for some things i heard for the first time in my entire life ) and it runs on 802.11n perfectly fine for all my 3 computers and all my 3 phones . so turns out my old router was too old apparently . in conclusion , for anyone reading the question , i believe a firmware update on an old router if done properly ( in which i failed horribly ) can fix this problem , also as @matthewread pointed out in the comments mixed b and g was fairly worse than g only , so you can try this . in any case ,
i had some problems like yours with kies , and i really hate it , but it is an necessary evil for some tasks . here some things i did , try them : make sure you are running the lastest version of kies change the usb port you are trying to connect if you have another computer to test , try it kiesair or airdroid maybe fit your needs there is a google usb driver try reinstalling kies make sure the storage mode is on if none of this works , try contacting samsung
very likely nothing at all got hacked . dlna is a standard used for devices like phones , smart hard disks , smart tvs , and pcs to browse and share media files ( videos , photos , and music ) . it looks like your phone came with a dlna server to make it easier for you to play/show media files on ( for example ) your tv . normally , you had go to a menu on your tv of connected dlna media sources ( devices offering media sources ) , and select your phone . your tv would then connect to the phone to get a list of what media files it has , and this warning would come up before the phone responds , to check that this is a device you were expecting ( and not , say , someone 's laptop on the wi-fi network in starbucks ) . if you have identified this device as your laptop , then it must be some software on that that is making the request . it is possible that it is malware running on the laptop , but more likely , it is some normal media-player or photo-manager software . even if you have not explicitly told it to scan for files on your device , it simply be trying to connect to your device when you are browsing for an unrelated media file , or indexing in the background to help you find files more easily in future . if you have left the dlna server in your phone turned on while travelling , then you certainly are not paranoid about security . it defaults to on to make it easier to use - most people would never realise it was there to turn on - but it is safer to leave it off until you actually want to use that feature .
this is pretty hard to do with software , since there are delays in the audio stream . the transmission from you phone 's bt to the headset can take up to 200ms , and the same for the reverse . therefore before sending the audio from the mic to the recipient , up to 400ms of audio would have to be sampled and cancelled , assuming that the bt connection is stable . usually this is done in the bt headset itself , but , as you said , it is a cheap chinese headset , so the circuits for this have been left out . as far as i know , the only settings in android regarding noise cancellation support only on-board noise cancellation mics . as for the muting solution , some phones use compression to boost the mic strenth , which will raise the noise levels when the person is silent . this would cause the mute to be always on .
is this a google account issue or an issue with the phone+software combination ? is it possible for you to use the same google account in another phone ( or different google account on the lg phone , since you seem to have reset it a few times ) ?
i uninstalled all updates to market app ( android 1.6 ) and since then i am able to download new apps/updates successfully
the cause of these problems is a bug in google framework services , at least in 2.1 and 2.2 . i have been able to fix it temporarily by clearing the cache for all google apps -- gfs , talk , voice , gmail , market , etc . -- but i do not believe there is a permanent fix . perhaps in 2.3 , i do not have it on my phone yet .
you could probably start the application with the abd shell in the shell type am start [DETAILS]  the usage is some examples can be seen on this page . it would require you to know a few details about the launcher in question though . it may be worth reading this thread about am usage from the android-framework google group .
pressing the home key on my dell streak prompts me to choose a launcher program if there is not currently one running after it is crashed or re-installed .
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
press the search key , this brings up a search bar you can type into , with a magnifying glass icon on the right . to the right of this icon is a microphone which activates voice search . if you do not have that icon , check which version of maps , and which version of the android os is installed . in the maps application , press menu , then choose " more " , then " about " . to find the phone version , go to settings , about phone , and see " firmware version " .
what do you mean by the # in your path ? what you should do is this , get android sdk ( http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) if you have not got it already , then enable debugging mode on your phone and connect your phone to your pc with usb cable . in the file explorer lookup the symlink to your external sdcard . its probably /extsdcard or /external_sd now open up an terminal window and enter : adb root adb remount adb shell busybox mv -f /data/app /extSdCard/  it would move the app folder to your external sdcards root dir . or download terminal emulator app and enter : su busybox mv -f /data/app /extSdCard/  this should work , if not let me know
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
i just tried the search button on my nexus s , and indeed saw the four sites you mentioned . i think they are some combination of bookmarks and history ; i doubt that you can explicitly control them .
it loads your most frequently visited websites . when you keep visiting a particular site lots of time ( say like 3-4 times on the same day ) , then the site will get displayed in the list .
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
i have had a similar problem on my optimus v , and according to other users of the rom , it is specific to the rom . sometimes the volume is max level no matter what . the temporary workaround is to actually turn the volume up all the way , then turn it down . as soon as i hear the volume blasting , i have to go against my intuition to turn the volume down ( as it usually is in the lowest setting already ) and turn it all the way up , then down . try that and see if it solves the symptoms . if so , the developers of your rom need to fix the underlying bug that causes the volume indicator to be out of sync with the actual volume .
i reccomend you contact the makers of pandora about this issue , as this looks like an app bug rather than a phone issue . i would suggest emailing them with as much info as you can possibly fit in . another option would be to check the settings in pandora - you may have missed an important setting that is causing this issue .
if you go to the bottom of the search results page , you will see something like ( View Google in: Mobile | Classic ) , you can click on " classic " to view the current search result in desktop version of google , which of course have the ' cached ' link .
i would just repartition the sd card so that the first partition is larger . afaik the system does not rely only the partition size , just the order . you could , however , run su then pm setInstallLocation 2 in a terminal on the device , or from adb shell , assuming you have root . that will make installs default to the " sd card " , your second partition .
apps are stored in the . android directory of your card . the . means it is hiddden on unix systems : )
gallery> clear cache and clear data> uncheck and recheck notifications .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
developers do not necessarily have to re-theme the listview to fix this - it can also be done by not forcing the listview to fill the screen . the problem is on the listview below - if layout_weight="1" , or layout_height="fill_parent " , then the listview takes up any unused space , and you get the ugly white background . setting layout_height to " wrap content " and getting rid of the weight solves the problem .
i have tried doing the exact opposite thing ( forcing audio to go through bluetooth instead of device speaker ) so it definitifely is possible to play at least different audio through different streams ( media , call , etc . ) it set it inside of tasker to " media " stream and it came out of my phone , so it might be possible to get it working . the app needs to support playing audio through multiple streams . i do not know if there is an app for that that does split it up . sorry for posting it as a answer , my reputation is not high enough yet to comment . . .
that is the sd card icon not the sim card icon . perhaps your phone does not recognise the sd card , or the card needs reformatting to be used with the phone . or you do not have an sd card inserted . edit after further research : that icon is called " stat_notify_sim_toolkit . " it is used in just two places , both methods inside com . android . server . mountservice : notifymediaunmounted ( ) notifymeadiachecking ( ) tracing these methods backwards , i see that the mountservice calls them when either : 1 ) a volume is detected as not mounted 2 ) it is checking to see if a volume is mounted num . 2 should only take a few seconds at longest . so , " something " is not mounted properly , though i cannot guarantee that is the sim that is having a problem . you should remove and re-insert all plugable items ( sim , sd ) . another option recommends : settings > applications > manage applications > sim toolkit > select force stop button if this removed the icon ' temporarily ' at least it confirms it is a sim problem and not sd . edit 2 someone has a recommended solution for non-rooted phone 's here : ( i cannot verify this method as i have not tested it ) simcard notification icon fix for rooted phones simply use titanium backup and freeze the app : sim toolkit
currently there is no way to share notes on keep in the same way that you can share a document . however , if your goal is to share notes between a fixed amount of persons ( e . g . family members , ) you can always create a new google account , add it to all android phones that you need to share on , and enable sync of keep only on that account .
i think the app has an inbuilt functionality to share to your google+ profile etc update to the latest version if you have not seen the option .
try wunderlist , they have a great ios and android app that does it . i know some people who use it and they really seem in love with it .
here 's a wild guess . the vault may have encrypted the protected files to be used only with the previous phone . so if you try to open them in another phone ( assuming you have installed the vault with the same google account ) , the new phone will not be able to access them . i have emailed help@nq . com regarding this issue . hopefully , they will reply . i will then update / confirm this answer . if not , it is safe to say my assumption was right . update #1: thank you for contacting nq mobile customer support ! you would not be able to show pictures on your sd card in another phone . once you put them in vault they are encrypted in the phone and would not be able to be seen . the vault application is specific to each phone unless you transfer the application to another phone . thank you again for contacting nq mobile customer support ! adam schalk nq mobile customer support team possible solution what can do is put back the card into the old phone , and remove the protection from the vault . i am sure you can un-protect pictures , like in other apps . after you have unprotected all the pictures / files , put back the sd card to your new phone . you should be able to read the files . after that , you can protect them again using vault ( on your new phone ) .
ok : after some more reading , it looks like clockworkmod did not back up the /cust partition ie : /proc/mtdblock7 in which the vodafone logo and boot animation was stored . when i flashed my device with a generic stock rom that overwrote the /cust partition permanently . when i flashed my recovery . img , it only restored the recovery partition ( which was the cwm recovery image after rooting ) . the only way i can now get back the stock voda animation is backup the partition ( via dd maybe ) from another device to an sd card and flash back to my device partition from the sd card . moral of the story : backup all partitions ( via romdump or dd ) and not just rely on clockworkmod backup which ignores these partitions . i arrived at this conclusion by checking my logs from the saved data partition ( after rooting ) when i saw this file in : /data/load_oemlogo . txt which references /cust/vha/au/logo/oemlogo . mbn update : yes i can confirm that the /cust and /userdata2 partition are not backed up by cwm backup and restore . i quote from translated version ( german ) from here : http://66.163.168.225/babelfish/translate_url_content ? . intl=us and lp=de_en and trurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.android-hilfe.de%2froot-hacking-modding-fuer-huawei-ideos-x3%2f203731-how-flash-partitionen-von-supertoast-anpassen.html Completely importantly! Make always only times with CWM a Backup.  backup_partitons . edit : more info and updates .
well . . . you have experienced a soft brick ! you did some thing you did not need to do , but it is not the end of the world and you can fix it . you flashed an ics kernel on a gb device - big no no , ics kernel goes to ics rom only you used odin 3 when you should have used 1.8 so , how to fix this ? download speedmod kernel for i9100 ( i prefer his work ) from this site and flash using the correct odin version if , as you said , cannot go into download mode you need to get a jig that will force your device to go to download mode ( you have to go into download mode or you can not fix it ) by the way , can you go to recovery ? vol up + home + power ?
for those who tried many attempts in re-installing and rebooting but to no avail . this may be an alternative you can consider . this applies to those who ran install_drivers . bat and saw an error message regarding " . /android/adb_usb " . this error is caused by our user name in windows which has one or more spacing ( e . g . " home user" ) . this one or more spacing breaks the batch file written to assist you in installing the relevant drivers . solution is simple , edit the install_drivers . bat and include double quotations ( " " ) to all file paths which has %userprofile% ( line 9 and 10 ) if not EXIST "%userprofile%\.android\" ( mkdir "%userprofile%\.android\" ) copy drivers\kindle\adb_usb.ini "%userprofile%\.android\adb_usb.ini"  before re-installing your drivers , kindly ensure you removed the existing drivers via device manager -> android phone -> " android adb interface " ( or ) " android composite adb interface " re-run install_drivers . bat and then run run . bat your kindle should be ready for rooting : )
i had the same problem with kindle fire utility , and i actually figured this out . the install_drivers.bat replaces the driver , which is not what you want ! you need both drivers in place , the regular amazon kindle one , and the adb driver . to get it to work : uninstall the android adb driver in device manager ( right click to do this ) in device manager , right click the kindle device and select " update driver software " , then point it to the included kindle fire utility folder that has the driver /drivers/kindle then , it finally worked -- both drivers were in place -- then adb showed up as online and i could get root , and do all the other stuff with kfu .
if you have run the install_drivers . bat file , and still have this . . few things to do : 1 ) reboot computer/kindle 2 ) re-install drivers through kfu 3 ) re-install drivers manually .
well , i have not had this issue , and i am not experienced much . if you plugged it into your computer , opened kfu ( not sure if it would detect it ) , you can download the latest stock rom . then maybe all you had have to do is push it onto the sdcard through adb ? and then reload twrp ( or something to refresh the list ) and it would appear , and then you could flash it ? not sure if that'd work . again , not an experienced person with this , but maybe you can figure something out with my idea . :p
spyware . ( in all seriousness , htc has pledged to " fix it " but it turned me off of running sense on any phone i would purchase from htc . ) update : this bug has been fixed .
integration with social networks ( facebook , flickr , twitter ) , including down to the contacts application , with contact pictures and everything free " lost phone " functionality , without the need for a third-party application ( eg . lookout ) , including remote lock and wipe an ( arguably ) easier to use keyboard , with quick access to numbers and common symbols htc-specific applications ( navigation , sync , launcher , widgets , etc . ) keep in mind that all of the eye-candy features offered by sense do reduce battery life , so it may be desirable to install a third party rom or remove them from the existing rom using titanium backup .
one working solution is to remotely connect to linux server through vnc and do it there . but that feels so very , very wrong .
there was a recent ( around 5-oct-2011 ) update of the offical google docs app , with the following changes : what is new in this version : optimized experience for tablet users , honeycomb ( android 3.0+ ) new 3-panel interface for improved browsing details panel showing a thumbnail and sharing information improved sharing experience with autocomplete system landscape or portrait mode improved video playback maybe it fixes the problems you described . i am sure google will further work on the tablet compatibility of the google docs app , it is just a matter of time .
home screen up to 7 home screens , with the ability to add and remove screens at will , and drag them around to change the order ( pinch zoom the home screen ) customizable dock area at the bottom of the home screen , allowing you to add/remove up to 4 apps . apps list ' screen at a time ' sideways scrolling apps list rounded square backgrounds added to all app icons in the app list ( see here ) pre-installed apps ( or apps present during the last os upgrade ) are in alphabetical order , new apps are added at the end in the order they are installed . home button holding the home button brings up a list of 6 recently used apps , along with a task manager button holding the back button and tapping the home button takes a screenshot on the galaxy s , for the galaxy sii use power + home samsung widgets these are home screen widgets that samsung include , and are in a separate samsung widgets category pre-gingerbread , post-gingerbread they are in the main android widgets list with the word " samsung " under them instead of " android " . exact widget selection varies depending on os version and network . accuweather clock buddies now ( messaging shortcuts for nominated contacts ) calendar clock daily briefing ( news , weather , stocks , social media updates ) days ( create new entries in the diary app ) dual clock feeds and updates program monitor y ! finance clock samsung ( and other ) bundled apps samsung allshare ( dlna ) fm radio ( for models with hardware fm radio ) kies air ( shares phone data , and allows control of some phone functions over wifi to a pc web browser , first pre-installed with gingerbread , available in samsung app store for older oss ) memo ( notepad app ) mini diary ( create diary pages with daily details , memos and photos ) my files ( file manager ) samsung apps ( samsung 's own app store , currently only free content in there , but some of the apps are normally paid or ad-supported on the android market ) social hub ( messaging app combining email , sms and social networks ) task manager thinkfree office modified apps contacts ( history and activities tabs , linked to social hub and social network account updates , showing recent posts by contact and recent interactions with them ) gallery ( interface to select either scrolling wallpaper or static , portrait wallpaper ) music ( disc view interface added , allowing sideways scroll through albums showing the artwork on a " cd " shape ) videos ( extra codec support divx/xvid in particular ) region specific touchwiz features throughout most of europe and asia , samsung 's mobile tracker feature is included in the security settings allowing remote password setting , tracking and wiping of mobiles registered on the http://samsungdive.com website version specific touchwiz features eclair ( android 2.1 ) - touchwiz included wifi tethering as a standard feature before it was brought to the main android os in v2.2 . ( except where noted , all from touchwiz 3 on a gingerbread galaxy s )
i found the problem : roaming was active . that is why mobile data was not working . simply disabling roaming fixed the issue .
i cannot promise that any of these solutions work on your device , but there are several apps listed which seem to be able to achieve this , as e.g. air gesture control or wave control . just try a search for " air gestures " on play apps . note : my links go to appbrain , as that site is not limited to 16 search results . being an alternative front-end to google play , you still can install your findings from the latter . appbrain even offers google play links for each app .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
since last year google apps accounts are full class citizens . starting with eclair android supports more than one google accounts and since the market 3.0 update of market all android apps treat all google accounts on your phone the same way . take note however that it is not possible to transfer your google wallet history and purchases . so if a year from now you want to change your domain name for your email address you will need to keep the old account on your phone or rebuy all your apps again . it is for this reason that i recommend you to create a gmail account an purchase apps with that not with your apps account .
do you have a holder that has a magnetic catch ? it will cause the sd caurd to remount again and again
if your phone is connected to pc then might be getting chances of not detecting sd card in phone . try to change setting for removable device like below drag down status bar and select usb connection option if you are getting option like windows media sync , usb mass storage , none then select none go to phone setting --> applications --> development --> and uncheck usb debugging try this , it may help you . .
and do not forget . if none of the previous answers seemed useful try formatting the sd card and delete any existing partitions using linux disk utility .
we bought a new epic 4g for my mom a while back , and her sd would do the same thing . just randomly unmount . turns out it was a hardware issue , and they replaced the phone and the sd card . sorry , but you might be out of luck :/
i had a problem with cheap sd cards from ebay doing this , i spend a little more these days on them . there is not much you can do here if you do not intend on rooting the phone or anything . if it was mine i would wipe the thing and re-install a fresh stable rom and test that for a few days .
a friend had a similar problem playing mp3 in his car with a slow card . try at least a speed 4 card . the speed of the card is shown inside a small , unclosed circle on the card . for reference , i just bought a 16gb speed 10 microsd card from amazon for $22 .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
if you only need to work with devices on a very infrequent basis , you can restart the adb server daemon as root . ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb devices please note that it is not a good idea to make the daemon run as root - any security issues in the daemon will now have root access and any user on your system who can run adb ( not just your user account ) can access the devices - as you are basically ignoring all permission settings in 51-android . rules . as of note , you do not need to be root to shut down the server - just use ./adb kill-server again .
i had this issue myself when rooting my kindle fire and i did : $ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="1949", MODE="0666"  then in my ~/.android/adb_usb.ini file i added 0x1949  where 1949 is the vendor id for the kindle i believe . and after restarting the box , adb devices shows my kindle . or instead of restarting udevadm control --reload-rules and adb kill-server &amp;&amp; adb start-server should be sufficient .
i found it ! the answer was in pit file , because as it says here : you will only need to use this if a firmware update needs to change your partition layout ( very very unlikely ) or if you mess up you partition table ( you don’t want to do this ) which is definitely my case . so , i tried that gt-i8190n and gt-i8190 should be used with different pit files ( i tried to use for gt-i8190 one ) . so i found long list of pit files here .
i backed up the filesystem to my computer and then downloaded and installed the original igo primo . apk file . that did solve the issue .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
if you are adventurous and know your way around odin ( samsung 's firmware flashing tool ) , you can go here to get the correct regional firmware for your s3 . you can also download odin from the same site and use it to manually flash your device with a new firmware . doing it this way , the firmware you installed will be the " vanilla / bare-bone " release from samsung that does not have all the crap if you installed using a carrier 's custom android firmware .
galaxy s3 i9300 is international version . look at the s3 variants . s3 belongs to specific carrier has specific model numbers according to country and carrier . are you sure about it was an unlocked version ? ?
currently gmail released new app 4.7.2 with auto show image feature by storing all images in specific server ( correct me if wrong ) . see here link to apk file
as for latest version 4.7.1 ( 946962 ) , there is no way to show images automatically for all messages . but for version 4.7.2 ( 967015 ) it is possible . see my other answer to this question for more details . in version 4.7.1 ( 946962 ) it works as follows : by default when you receive a message , it does not show pictures and it displays a button to allow pictures for this message . if you click this button , all pictures will be displayed for this message , and there will be a button asking if you want to show pictures for all messages from the same sender . if you click this button , the sender will be added to picture approvals list . you can clear such list from settings menu , as indicated in the following screenshots . this way all messages will return to default layout ( do not show pictures ) .
good news for you : google is currently rolling out gmail 4.7.2 ( 967015 ) , which allows to show inline images without using the steps described in my previous answer . here is what you will have to do : download gmail app update . you can either wait to be rolled out to your device or download it from this page ( because in this case it will be an app sideload , you will have to make sure you enabled installation from unknown sources before ) . when installed , by default it will behave as previous version , i.e. showing the show pictures / always show pictures from this sender links , so you will have to configure this to not happen ( do not worry : this is done only once ) . tap the overflow menu on gmail action bar ( not the message one ) and select settings . then , in settings screen tap your account . in your account , scroll down to data usage section and tap images . by default it will be selected ask before showing , so you will have to select always show . go back repeatedly until you get to your inbox . from now on , when you open a message , you will be able to see inline images without confirmation . notice : this images setting ( always show ) will override the picture approvals state , so if you clear picture approvals as shown in my previous answer , you will still see inline images in all messages , until you change the images setting back to ask before showing .
afaik pdroid is the best solution . ( except you need to be rooted ) you could even set a custom gps location per app . permission explorer is a good alternative .
the only reason you lost your user data was because of the oem unlock command - the documentation says this will erase all user data for security . you can install cwm using fastboot fastboot flash recovery &lt;path to recovery image&gt; , and to will not erase userdata . recovery is not a must for root - but it is recommended .
fastboot oem unlock always deletes userdata for security reasons , so it must be used only once ( until you lock again manually ) . cwm is needed if you want to flash a root package ( you can not push it via fastboot ) , but that is not usually the only way to root a device . the cwm install needs only the fastboot flash recovery recovery_name command , which does not affect user data .
i do not know the exact answer , but you can always manual link contacts , which is a workaround i use , in contacts , open one contact , then click the broken clip icon in the top-right corner ( i am using sensation xe ) . in the pop up screen , choose all contacts search for the one you want to link to and click it then the two contact items are linked if you click finish . you can click cancel if you do not want them to be linked .
this post will explain everything . it details how gpu rendering works in ics . https://plus.google.com/105051985738280261832/posts/2fxdcz8x93s though , if you want a short answer : gpu rendering essentially forces the drawing of windows and ui elements in apps to be calculated and done using the gpu of your phone instead of the cpu . this frees up clock cycles for the cpu to do other tasks enabling your phone to be generally smoother and faster . however , this means that everything being done by the gpu eats more ram ( as its using opengl to do it which requires more overhead ) . android has always done some aspects with the gpu using hardware acceleration . what i have described is a major oversimplification . its not so cut and dry . please read the link above in its entirety for a full understanding of the concept .
my workplace has exchange email and i have managed to have it sync with my google account and not use my main google calendar , with relatively little work . i have the following setup : me@google personal google account me@work exchange account me@work google account ( go to google , sign up for new account , use me@work as " existing email address" ) that is separate from my main google account google calendar sync on my work computer linking to my me@work google account me@work google calendar shared with my me@google google calendar it does have the downside of needing the a computer to be active ( no easy way around that that i know of ) but it has the upside that it partitions my work events into a separate calendar and integrates tightly into my heavy personal google use . there is a .netapplication that someone wrote that lives as a service on a windows server and periodically does the sync itself . but i can not seem to find it now , and it does require you to have a windows server you had be allowed to run it on . and if you have to leave a windows machine running anyway , you could just put outlook on it and use google calendar sync . if you had admin rights on the exchange server , this might also be an option : http://code.google.com/p/google-calendar-connectors/wiki/overview
everything that is synced to your google calendar on your phone should also be on your google calendar on the net (https://www.google.com/calendar). you can have multiple calendars in google calendar , perhaps the calendar you are phone is syncing to is not set to be visible in the web view ?
if you have outlook 2007 , you can use the built-in publish my calendar feature to publish it to microsoft servers , which will make the ics feed available to add as a calendar in google calendar . in outlook 2007 , go to the calendar section and click the " publish my calendar . . . " link . fill out that dialog and it will start syncing . if necessary , feel free to adjust which calendars are shown in your android device via the calendar app 's option menu item " calendars " .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
it is nice to have a phone rooted ( geeksphone and maybe others do this by default ? ) , you can use firewall apps and titanium backup , and other system apps . superuser lets you restrict what apps can be root .
i would check with the operator , and see if they root their phones by default ( it is a perfectly valid thing to do , it is just that the big operators tend to be control freaks ) . if they do not know what you are talking about , worry and ask them for help figuring out what is going on . i would also go into superuser and check it is preferences . since you do not know how it got there , you do not know what apps might be doing . turn on it is logging ( if not already enabled ) and set ' automatic response ' to ' prompt ' . that way you will have a log of what is using it , and you will be prompted for anything that wants to do things with root access . the idea is that if something asks for root access and you do not know why , just deny it and see what breaks - very few apps should need root access , so it should not come up very often . if logging is already enabled , then you can review the log to see if any apps have been using root access .
it is not specifically the phone app . you can not enter a space into any field where the app has said it is expecting you to type a phone number . on the samsung dialer , you can use a * to match a space in a contact 's name e.g. 6453*56637 to match mike jones . i do not have an s2 to check this on , but that is how the dialer on the s3 works , and i would expect they are both the same .
have you tried app2sd ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.app2sd
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
i had the same problem : s-planner and email would not sync . in the sync settings was also an item saying " master sync disabled " but no indication as to how to enable it ! the fix for me was to go to the options menu of the phone ( when you swipe your finger down from the top of the screen ) . you should then see a few green and blue symbols ( bluetooth/wifi etc . ) . at the top right there is a gear wheel icon and next to this on the right is another button which when clicked will show all the different icons for your phone settings . press this and look for the " sync " icon . if it is disabled ( blue ) then click to enable it .
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
have you tried force closing ? Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Browser &gt; Force Close ?
i had the same problem with my galaxy s and home wifi , but it got fixed by disabling and enabling wifi to register it again to my router . maybe you could try to go to flight mode and then back to normal mode to re-register with your network ?
most of the android tablet rejects the wifi connection once they recieve any corrupt packet . to fix this issue we need to handle the exception at the network layer . install wifi-fixer app from playstore . then : run wifi from this app only . you will be able to see the logs of the packets . issue will be solved automatically , if not revert back .
it could possibly be that you have a wifi time out enabled ? check the wifi settings carefully . also , make sure the wifi sleep setting is diabled . it could of course be a hardware issue ( and probably is if it happens on multiple roms ) . it could be that the wifi card in the tablet ' shuts off ' after a certain time , check online as this would happen to all owners of the tablet if this was the case .
the definite answer is yes . i received my nexus 7 ( 2013 ) a few weeks ago and today went outside to catch a few satellites . i am using gps status and toolbox whose user guide states : the sky grid ( g ) shows the gps satellites above you as the receiver in the phone detects them . gps satellites ( with ids 1-32 ) are represented by small circles while glonass satellites ( with ids 65-92 ) are shown as rectangles . the size of the symbol depends on the signal strength received from that satellite . the color shows what data is available for that satellite and how it is currently used by the phone . emphasis mine . here 's the left side of the screen shot i took : the nexus 7 model would be the european one , if there are any differences .
according to ifixit is teardown , the nexus 7 2013 uses the qualcomm 8064 snapdragon s4 pro soc . qualcomm 's specs show that soc uses their izat gen8a gnss chipset , which according to their overview does include glonass support , though this does not necessarily mean glonass support is actually active and available in software . a simple means to test whether you have got glonass is to use gps status and toolbox and see how many satellites it shows for you . if it shows more than 13 satellites , you are getting both gps and glonass .
both /data and /sdcard are erased when you do fastboot oem unlock . so you lose not just files on the " sd card " , but all installed applications and their internal settings and data . yes , you can use adb backup to backup your data and then restore it later , either with adb restore or titanium backup pro . however , when i did this ( using adb restore ) , my mms messages were lost ; it seems that the backup did not save them , though maybe i just did something wrong . there is also a way to root without unlocking your bootloader . once rooted , you can use bootunlocker to unlock it without wiping data .
you can report the app to google . when visiting the app 's page in the web version of the play store , there is a link for " flag as inappropriate " . under " malicious or inappropriate android apps " ( and i would say this probably qualifies ) you are given two options for reporting the app . one through the play store app on your device , the other via a web site . application providers must adhere to the google play business and program policies . if you see an application that does not follow these standards , you can report it by flagging it from the google play store app on your android device . open the google play store app . visit the application 's page . scroll down and select flag as inappropriate . you can also report malicious or inappropriate apps to the google play team through the android developer help center .
these are not files but invalid file entries , caused by a corrupted allocation table on the sd card , which in turn is caused by a bad sector . a bad sector on the card is a good sign that card is defective and should be replaced . you can try recovering some files by running a disk check program on pc .
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
settings > security , under " screen unlock pattern " uncheck " use visible pattern "
i think providing feedback as to bad pattern is the fixed behavior and can not be turned off . i think you are right , it ought not to show you a pattern on error , if you asked to not show a pattern while you were entering it . sounds like a good ui change to me , i suggest trying to dig up someplace to post such a criticism . otoh , do you really worry about so much shoulder surfing that someone will deduce your pattern from various errors they have seen you make ? given that it seems unlikely , you might not get much priority on such fix even your request would be consistent behavior .
are you entering an actual password , or an unlock-pattern ? lock-patterns have the option to display/not-display the path entered , so it is a lot more difficult to " shoulder-surf " use visible pattern this is selected by default . clear this if you do not want the screen unlock pattern to display as you enter it .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
i had the problem with my ainol novo 7 crystal quad core and the solution was simple but took hours of research . the internal sd partition that goes beyond the memory reserved for the os and some apps may have become corrupted . go to the backup/reset tab in " settings " and click the erase sd card . you will be told that you will lose all the information on it but you will only lose that which you cannot access anyway . erase the card . once it is erased , you will be able to mount it when you go to " storage " and you push the remount button . hope this of help and use to you . it worked for me .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
go to settings > applications > manage applications . select google play store from the list . select clear data . then try using google play again .
from settings , go to general:accounts:google : and then disable everything from being synced . as soon as this is done , the password prompt will stop popping up . after password is changed , sync can be enabled again .
i have not seen any android system supporting ntfs out-of-the-box . could be some customroms do , or there are some " root mods " . so without root , it might get hard ( though there might be some userspace mods as well , technically spoken ) . if your device is rooted , you could take a look at ntfs mounter , which might or might not support your huawai ( take care to have a backup at hand anyway until you can be sure everything works as expected ) . moreover , there was an article at xda-developers in june on full ntfs read/write support for android you might want to read : according to the op , he compiled a generic ntfs-3g driver for android that should work on all arm devices with a fuse.ko module . as it involves a kernel module to be loaded , it again requires root . and also again : it might or might not work on your device , take care for backups . a third source is paragon 's ntfs and hfs+ for android ( also available at google play ) . paragon is quite well-known with disk utilities on windows , so i would trust them to get the ntfs part right . but as you might have guessed : this tool requires root as well , plus the above mentioned fuse module . if you need more details , try the google search for " android ntfs " where i got above results from , all on page 1 ; )
unfortunately the google camera app does not natively support saving pictures/videos/panoramas to sd card . i am guessing that this goes with google 's general stance against sd cards in general . if your device is not rooted , you are stuck with having to manually move the images/videos . for rooted devices , there is a work-around to this limitation . xposed framework allows various modules to override many stock firmware options without using 3rd-party roms . it should also work on custom roms , but that is not " officially " supported by the framework 's developer . you will need the pictures2sd module , which makes all media from various camera apps ( including google camera ) to be automatically saved to the dcim folder of the sd card . xposed installer app is not directly available via the google play store , so after rooting your s4 ( looks like you are already rooted , since you are running a custom rom ) , you will need to allow side-loading of applications via Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Unknown sources , download and install the apk from here , and activate it according to these instructions : installation of the framework : download the xposed installer apk and install it launch the xposed installer , go to the " framework " section and click on " install/update " reboot done ! after that , the installation of modules is pretty straight-forward : installation of any modules : download . apk ( e . g . via the builtin repository browser ) and install it launch the xposed installer and go to the " modules " section ( you will also get there if you click on the notification warning you that the module is not enabled yet ) enable the module by checking the checkbox reboot done !
install a file manager like es file explorer and manually move the captured images to a directory on your sd card . only way around this ridiculous restriction i believe . you would have to do this each time you use the camera obviously .
i just noticed this now . i was wondering why my note 3 was running out of memory . i just started using the google camera recently . i decided to simply delete all the photos . they are automatically uploaded into google+ photos anyways , so i do not need to download them again and save them somewhere else . but it will make me use the samsung camera app as my primary camera and the google camera for photosphere only .
that button is for replying to a tweet
logs are written even when logcat is not connected , although i believe the logs are limited to a certain maximum size . they are , however , cleared on reboot . you can try using an app such as alogcat to persist the logs to files , and hope it can catch whatever is misbehaving " in the act " .
yes , your phone supports two ways to export its internet connection via bluetooth : dun-gw ( dial-up networking gateway ) pan-ap ( personal area networking access point ) see also this question ( its answer about bluetooth ) . in short : pan is supported from android 3.0 onwards as client . android &lt ; 3.0 users may have luck with wireless tether for root users . dun is not supported out of the box , there are apps though . go for pan if it works for you ( dun requires parameter and possibly eats more battery ) .
i finally managed to sort it out last night . some of the steps are redundant . boot in recovery mode format all paths visible in boot and mount ( possible redundancy here ) back to first level of menu , wipe factory clean , erase cache ( redundant imho ) go to advanced -> clean dalvik cache install the latest nightly of cyanogenmod ( for lack of a more stable release ) install their gapps ( even if the note 2 is not in the list of supported devices - if i read the table correctly ) i have done bits and pieces of the points before - but only all of them put together allowed me to have a working phone ( like i said before , there were lots of leftovers from previous experiments ) .
select the settings button ( ) on the top-right corner . in the settings screen , scroll down to the " relays " section and tick the box next to " relaying - enable your device to be a non-exit relay " . the relay will listen to port 9001 by default , but you can adjust that by changing the relay port .
it is normal . it could have been because your daughter was playing a game on the phone , or just taking up a lot of processing power . also , having one 's hands on the back of the phone also does not help . i have had this issue with multiple devices when playing games specifically .
it is a pretty safe bet that something is going on with your headphone jack . it could simply be defective or damaged but there is a strong possibility that it may simply need to be cleaned . pocket lint or other materials accumulating in your headphone jack could be the issue . this was a common issue i encountered when working with customers phones at verizon and many times we would use compressed air to clean out debris from the jack , although occasionally we would have to actually insert a tool into the jack to clean it . debris shifting around inside the jack could also explain the intermittent nature of the issue . just be careful cleaning if you do find any debris and make sure you do not damage the jack or void your warranty .
to connect your samsung galaxy s4 to a tv , you need to use an 11-pin mhl cable . 11-pin mhl cables are usually y-shaped , and state specifically that they are for samsung phones . that is the only way . you can not use a 5-pin mhl cable with this phone . you can not use an app or custom rom , or any other kind of software on the phone , to get around the need for the right cable . see how does mhl work ? for more information .
see here for a list of sites which may contain custom roms and recoveries for your device .
i have a galaxy tab which works perfectly with my belkin playmax on 5ghz .
apps2sd may be able to do this , but i have not looked too closely . the long way to do it would be to go through settings-> applications-> manage applications and then manually move everything back to the phone . ==addendum== apptosd does not give you the nice " move all to phone " like it does for move to sd , but it does list everything on the sd card . there is also a " on sd " tab in the manage applications settings so you do not have to go through each and every app .
there is an app which is perfect for your situation wifi manager you can also try proxy server pro note : these apps do not ask for root permissions . but if you are supposed to have root permission , which you do not in your stock rom , you may want to unlock the bootloader to have root access . see this for rooting details .
just try proxydroid this app need root permission and iptables support . it is a full feature proxy application including support for http/socks proxy types , global/individual proxy mode , multiple profiles . binding configuration to wifi 's ssid or mobile connection is also supported .
this is normally face detection that turns the screen off so that you cannot press buttons with your cheek . if moving the phone away from your face does not turn it on , then you should be able to turn it on with the power button .
you must have been confused by seeing too many files for the update . actually there is only one file to update to ics and hence it is the right file . the file is ruu , i.e. rom update utility . so from , http://www.htcdev.com/devcenter/downloads download desire s htc wwe ruu n/a v4.0 404.0 mb 14.01.401.2 and yes the region is wwe for this case .
i believe if you hold the microphone icon it brings up a menu that allows you to change those settings . it may be the comma icon on your phone however . previous versions allowed you to swipe the keyboard . otherwise there are many alternative keyboards you can download from the android play store .
there are more differences between android devices than between different pc machines . so you need to know things like which cpu and hardware and version of it you got in the device . then look for an android firmware that supports your phone . you might be able to compile your own firmware from source for your device , also depending on your devices hardware and how well you can handled fails there . after an upgrade , your device will end up in different shape with regard to what works and not after the upgrade . it might even work flawlessly . you might even get a " bricked " device if you fail the upgrade and are a bit unlucky . so , it all depends on what hardware you have and how good support linux and android has to your device hardware . that is why the phone manufacturers and your telephone operator test the upgrades in many ways before they push it out to the customers . but if you know this and are technical skilled and know that you might make your phone usless , you can always try .
it depends on your hardware and the images of roms which may be available . there are many roms for many android handsets out . cyanogen has allowed many devices see 2.3.3 even if their provide has not released an update . like anders said , there are possibilities of bricking your device deeming it unusable . i know this , because i have done it to my htc magic , and half-bricked my htc desire z ( it is fine now ! : ) )
as dymotaos wrote , all possibilities to mount remote drives on your android device probably require root . but you do not have to deal with the command line and parameters , as the playstore offers some apps which can help you with this . one of them is cifsmanager , which can deal with windows shares 1 , a second one would be mount manager , which additionally supports nfs 2 : while cifsmanager is completely free , while mount manager in its full version costs you about 3 euro .
it should be possible . you would certainly need root . if you could mount your network share onto your phone , you could mount it under /mnt/sdcard/network_share . then your tv would simply browse that folder . to your tv , it would simply look like another folder on your sd card . this post shows how to mount nfs on your phone . you may need a special version of busybox . busybox mount -o nolock,ro,hard,intr,vers=3 -t nfs 192.xxx.xxx.x.x:/your/nfs/share /mnt/sdcard/network_share 
you can use nandroid to do this . if you update your recovery image to cyanogen 's 1.4 recovery then it has nandroid built in . these are tools from the community and are not officially tested or supported so make sure you fully understand what you are doing before using them .
there is a pretty thorough response on what is the right way to backup my whole phone ? with more indispensable information at why can&#39 ; t i boot into recovery mode ?
yes according to this post : this one is for the majority of android owners who don’t want to be bothered with root on the g1 ( android ) . mucho gracias to tremendo slap for digging this one up . june fabric has released an app for windows that also installs another app on android that allows you to tether to 3g . most users say it works flawlessly even with vpn connections . a few dropped connections being dropped here and there but overall a success . this is an app that i know many of you have been waiting for . for those wondering , tethering is connecting your device to your laptop and using your devices internet connection on your laptop , basically . so download pdanet beta 1.12 ( or vista 64 ) pdanet note this is probably in violation of your carrier’s tos . for t-mobile the 1gb per month data cap was lifted awhile ago but there is word that users that pass the 1gb limit will be limited to 50kbps for data past that mark . i would advise using this only if you are in dire need . i would advise against canceling your home internet plan as well
with rooting being so easy , why not ? haykuro 's blog is very easy to follow and has been recommended on other threads on this site . once you are rooted just go to http:// code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ and look for the . apk download on the right-side .
just root it - it has gotten even easier now - takes 5 minutes , giving you tethering and so much more .
try azilink . it does not require root access . works just as advertised , and there is now a debian/ubuntu startup script that automates the whole tether setup/teardown process . just do not forget to circumvent the lame http user agent blocks that your isp 's might have put in place .
the easiest way to achieve this is to install a 3rd party calendar app which uses the google calendar backend , and tell that app to not show that specific calendar , while leaving it enabled in the default google calendar app ( acalendar would be a good and relatively light-weight choice here ) . as the google calendar is responsible for the alerts , you still would get them ( and the corresponding notifications ) , while its content would not disturb you working with the 3rd party app . i do something similar , and use the mentioned app , so i really can recommend it . to the detail question : synchronization is what the name suggests : updating changes made on either side ( for a disabled calendar , obviously only in one direction ) . it is probably separated from ( de ) activating a calendar so you can activate it up-to-date even when having no network connection -- just my guess , but that would make sense .
yesterday i had the same problem , and finally i found the solution . flash twrp recovery on your one x , and power off . then connect your phone to your pc by using usb cable boot into twrp recovery select mount and storage on twrp menu and the select mount usb storage , after doing this your pc should see your phone as usb storage . copy your rom file into sdcard on your pc . disconnect the phone from pc , reboot your phone into bootloader and then run twrp recovery . before flashing rom full wipe is recommended to avoid problems , so full wipe by twrp recovery or by fastboot commands ( fastboot erase cache ) flash compatible boot . img by using fastboot commands ( fastboot flash boot bootfile . img ) full wipe your device then flash the rom . zip by using twrp , that is all .
from this thread : well everyone , seems amazon went and did an update and just wanted to confirm so that everyone knows the steps in root working 10.2.4 kindle fire 2 root made easy still do work on the updated 10.2.6 here 's tutorial about rooting kindle on 10.2.4 .
per this link you can create a profile that defaults to phone silence and changes the ringer to not silent when someone you want to take a call from or is not a person you blocked and then when someone you have blocked calls it will answer the call and hangup . here is a summary create new profile allow calls add context --> state --> incoming call specify who to allow calls from ( ex . c:fav ( for favorites ) or ! ) " ! " reverses logic ( such as is not contact ) and 0 can be used for anyone calling from a restricted or unknown number add task --> audio --> ringer volume select ringer level ( 7 is highest ) add exit task --> audio --> ringer volume select ringer level 0 ( to silence the ringer once the phone call is done ) create new profile blocked calls add context --> state --> incoming call specify who to block ( ex . ! c:fav ( is not on favorites ) "0" ) add task --> phone --> take call add task --> phone --> end call this should allow your phone to ring when a favorite is calling and pickup and hang up on someone you wish not to talk to without you even knowing .
i believe what you are asking about are similar to the verizon ringback tones , right ? ringback tones are not set from a phone level , they are a feature added and managed by the carrier . your wireless carrier could probably change it for you , but there is no way you could manage it all from your phone . i know verizon offers ringback tones , if that is the feature you are looking for you could ask about that . would be a cool feature , if it were possible .
the sound someone hears when they call a phone is dependent on the person they are calling . this is why , no matter where in the world you are , when you call a us number , you get the us " ringing " tone , whereas if you call a european number , you get the european " ringing " . the providers of the person you are calling are what provides the ringing tone . some carriers , like verizon , offer the ability for you to set tones for others to hear , usually for an added monthly fee . verizon would essentially answer the call and play the music while it continues to try and reach you . once you answer ( or it is sent to voicemail ) , then the music would end and verizon would connect the call on their end . this might be manageable on the phoen via an app from verizon , but you would be changing their settings for your phone number that is stored on their servers . nothing locally on the phone is capable of changing what the incoming caller will hear for a ringtone .
you should be able to use google voice to do that . you can set it up so that when someone calls your voice number , both your phone and your tablet ring .
you can use your google voice number and receive calls at any computer . the following snip comes from google 's web site for google voice : make and receive calls in gmail google voice lets you manage all your phone communications and seamlessly make and receive calls on any of your existing phones . but what if you don’t have your phone with you ? or what if you’re in a place with poor cell phone reception , or you’re travelling internationally and don’t want to incur expensive roaming charges ? wouldn’t it be great if you could use your computer to make or receive calls ? starting today you can use gmail to receive or place google voice calls . to get started , check the box next to google chat in your list of forwarding phones and the next time someone calls your google voice number , gmail will notify you of an incoming call . you can take the call or even listen in as the caller leaves a message , in a single step right from your computer there you go , straight from the google 's mouth . ; - )
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
the vendor id that @matthewread mention is used for the pc drivers . what you are talking about is a dhcp vendor class identifier . from microsoft technet ( not android specific , but has the same meaning ) can be used by dhcp clients to identify their vendor type and configuration . when using this option , vendors can define their own specific identifier values , such as to convey a particular hardware or operating system configuration or other identifying information . to answer the question if you can change this , i do not know of any configuration settings anywhere within android that let you change this . based on the one you put in your question , it looks like android creates the vci from the following : <code> &lt ; dhcpcd and version&gt ; :&lt ; kernel and version&gt ; :&lt ; processor type&gt ; :&lt ; device board type&gt ; </code> for the board type , you have herring , so if you opened up a shell and typed getprop ro.product.board i am willing to bet that the value that is output is " herring " . can i guess that you also have a nexus s . i believe the galaxy nexus has a board named " tuna " .
if you " long-press " in the text field , one of the options that pops up , along with select all , copy all , etc is input method select that , and it should let you change your keyboard settings . most android keyboards also have a way to quickly change the language on the keyboard itself . on swype , you long press on the q to change language , on the samsung t9 keypad there is a " gear " button in the bottom-right that lets you change settings . do you know which ( t9 ) keyboard you are using ?
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
downlaod the android 2.3.4 user 's guide . read " change the keyboard language " on page 35 . on the android operating system , the keyboard language selection is specific for models that use a customised android version as for example is the case with htc phones . the nexus s uses the standard version issued by google , for which the quoted link applies . i can not find a user 's guide for the latest android version 2.3.6 but the procedure for setting more than one keyboard language and the procedure for language selection when writing texts is the same as with android 2.3.4 . does this answer help ?
i discovered an app called gps test that assists in finding satellites by showing how many are currently in view . basically , i just move my phone around until i can pick up enough satellites . then i hold it still until my position has been locked in . after the lock-in i just use my phone like i normally would . i look like an idiot when i try to pick up a gps signal by holding my phone up weirdly , but at least it works now . for those of you who are interested , you can find a full write-up of my solution here . you can download the app for free on the google play store . by the way , i am on gingerbread now . samsung has released an official update since i posted my question a few weeks ago . as far as i can tell , the gps reception did not improve after updating .
typing *#*#3214789650#*#* worked for me once gpstest2 opens up you can then go to commands-> get position it gave me lock on some satellites and i was able to get my accurate position in maps without wifi and gprs i also found a useful app in android market known as ' gpsfix ' which pretty much does the same thing but it had trouble finding satellites when i was indoors .
without a data plan you actually have two big problems with gps . firstly without a dataplan the coarse location via network triangulation or wifi networks will not work properly , as your phone needs to query google 's central database of phone network tower ids , wifi point ids and their location , this is a huge amout of data that is updating constantly , so your phone only ever has a small cache of recent data for the location near where it was last needed . this means that with no dataplan your phone can not quickly get your rough location to help it out ( coarse location is accurate to anywhere from about 30m to 2 miles depending on your location , better in more urban areas , and you are missing out on this ) . if you have no data then another problem you will have is that your phone will almost never have the current assisted gps data . the gps satellites periodically transmit an almanac of all their current , precise actual locations ( which can vary from their predicted locations by quite a long way for various reasons ) , this data is only transmitted by the satellites on a very slow bandwidth transmission , rebroadcasting a few times an hour . most phones just connect to a server over the internet to quickly grab this almanac data , yours needs to wait until it is received the entire message from the satellites before it can properly calculate your location .
apparently samsung has a lot of problems handling the gps feature . it is no news that the galaxy s is really flawed regarding location ( see this ) . personally , using one , i have felt the pain , as i had the same problems . i do not know if the problem is the same with the gio , but some of the things i have tried were : turn gps off and then back on ; reboot the phone ; bang my head on the wall . it also appears that the problem tends to be resolved by upgrading the os . what is yours ? more : there are several ways to reduce the gps problem on the sgs , check that thread out , i hope you get some ideas for your problem . personally , i do not think the " death grip " is a problem , nevertheless you can make some tests to check out if it really makes a difference ( i actually do not know where the gps receiver is located within the phone ) . the fact that you have no internet connection is also not a factor . also make note that you can obtain a course location via network triangulation and/or wifi networks .
i found out that i can access gpstest2 ( similar to lbstestmode ) using the access code *#*#3214789650#*#*  could this help in trying any possible fixes ? my default settings are m-based , supl.google.com:7276.
if your net is enable , the agps module would be active , which can accelerate satellites searching . in my experience , if your apgs is active , you would locate your location in 5s~10s ( find day ) . that only gps locate your location is so slow that any guys can`t bear it . :- ) . so , try enable your wifi/3g net . by the way， the gps chip manufacturer provide an agps server , your mobile pad will connect this server by your net while you start gps location . sometimes , the server can not be accessed， but it`s little possibility . may good luck !
i have galaxy 3 ( gt-i5800 ) and 7" galaxy tab at hand , and i can confirm their gps performance is abysmal . it also seems to deteriorate over time . . unless i am imagining things . the best way to get lock is to be outside , stand still and open the google maps . it can still take minutes and sometimes it just does not get lock at all , but if you move , or start some random android app first , you can keep going for half an hour and not get a lock once . my guess is that samsung engineers are just plain bad at designing gps antennas and the software side is not brilliant either . i do not know how the gps could get worse over time except some connector coming loose or drivers accumulating crappy data , but that is how it feels in practice . the effect remained the same on the galaxy 3 after upgrade from android 2.1 to 2.2 . if anything , it went worse .
try installing " gps booster " from the android market ( nay , google play ) . it runs automatically once you start your gps and enhances the performance of the in-built gps unit . to maintain a gps lock you can also consider installing tracker booster . it is easy to use and can be run in the background . i hope this helps .
i also recently purchased the galaxy gio s5660 and was quite disappointed as it seemed the gps did not work at all . i had to enable the location assist just to get some form of location that seemed vaguely accurate and even then its best only went to 120m accuracy . i installed both gps test ( as mentioned by pieter above ) and gpsfix from the android store and now i get up to 4m accuracy indoors . i have not tested this in real navigation conditions as yet but the change so far is very impressive . it seems both gps test and gpsfix improve the agps functionality by updating some information on the phone . gps test does this via the menu - settings - update agps . to check i restarted the phone and then tried gps test again . within 20 seconds i had a fix with 4m accuracy . i was not moving during my tests which can also have an impact as suggested by others . i also have the galaxy s2 and found that the s2 detect the satellites from the same location with much better strength . this to me indicate the antenna of the gio is not that good . i attempted to change the position of the phone , removed the back cover , and tried some strange looking stances but no real improvement . my phone configuration : samsung galaxy gio gt-s5660 android : 2.2.1 baseband : s5660xxkb9 kernel : 2.6.32.9-perfroot@dell104 #1 build : froyo . xxkc4
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
go to settings> language and keyboard> samsung keypad settings> xt9 predictive text . then go to xt9 advanced settings and check the relevant options you would like .
if you are using stock keyboard , then go to the symbols ( ? 123 , bottom left ) , then press alt ( alt , vertically second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is third from top-left . if on htc ime , then go to symbols ( 12# , horizontally second from bottom right ) , go to the second page ( 1/2 , horizontally second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is the fifth character in the third row , and the broken pipe character is the sixth character in the second row .
http://www.oneclickroot.com/phone/celkon-a95/ this should help you in rooting it .
this does not belong here , but that aside . . . you do not really " install " the drivers . the framework needed for usb otg is often found in custom kernels , you should be looking there . this question is also probably best asked on the forum thread of the custom rom you flashed . a quick look at your device 's forum on xda shows a fully working stock-based custom rom that supports usb otg out of the box . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2204384 i would start with that .
your computer’s usb port have lower energy output than your wall charger . there is nothing you can do about this other than getting a new computer with higher power usb power output . do note that your phone is actually charging even when it says it is not . it is just slower . if you keep the screen off and the device idle , it should be fully charged after some hours . this will be much slower than using a higher power output source .
on windows xp , connectify is limited to ad-hoc networking : support for windows 8 , 7 , xp , and vista – xp and vista ad-hoc mode only android does not support ad-hoc networks without modification or manual configuration ( which will require rooting the device ) .
try getting out of off-line mode while your phone is charging . if that always works the battery might grow old .
if you either go to airplane mode each night , you might want to try out some automating app like timeriffic ( free ) or tasker ( ~eur 5 ) which could switch on airplane mode at night , and automatically switch it off in the morning . this way you do not get stuck with a grayed-out menu item -- and in case you do and need to get out of it , you may just need to play with some profile in this app . another alternative would be using some toggle-switcher ( e . g . elixier or power toggles ) , which provide you with widgets to switch airplane mode and more . also , on many android devices , there is a pre-installed widget available which usually also includes airplane mode -- mostly called something like " power widget " or " energy widget" ; just check the lists of widgets available to be added on your device .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
i have one of these awful devices also . i will just put it simply and cut straight to the chase . . . it cannot play video well at all . i have rooted mine , in hopes it would play video files too , alas it is not possible . the cpu in the device is not powerful enough to handle decoding xvid ( a common . avi file format ) , let alone higher cocmpression h . 264 ( . mkv files , sometimes . mp4 ) . i use mine for an alarm clock , as it is not much more useful than this duty/task . if you are playing a mp3 file using the built-in player , and hit the home icon , it reboots . i had high hopes for this device , but it is just junk . i have considered selling mine on craigslist , but i do not want to dump this nightmare on anyone else either , i am just not like that . if you want a good tablet , that is able to play most video 's , get an acer a500 . you can find them refurbished now for about $250 or so . they cannot play hd video , but can play almost every regular definition file you throw at it , using bsplayer , or mirage beta player . i love my a500 and use it everyday , the whole family uses it in fact , and they all really enjoy it . the pandigital is nothing short of a paperweight . i have heard their other models are just as bad . the nova is supposed to be capable of playing videos , but it has issues too . just avoid this brand totally , and go with acer or samsung . acer is much faster than samsung , whereas the samsung screen is a little better than the acer . the samsung devices are quite expensive , and most of them come with a cellular phone built in , which was something i did not want in my tablet . you can get the acer devices at walmart , but your best bet is ecost . com as they have them on sale right now . the 500 is a great dual core 1ghz processor , the 501 is dual core 1ghz with cell phone , the 510 is quad core 1ghz , and 710 will be out soon with 1.3ghz quad core .
as an owner of the mini st15i , the answer is yes , it does have the automatic flash for camera in which it can be turned off if the need arises .
you could install a 3rd-party app like go sms pro to replace the stock messaging app . this would allow you to customize the font size , colors , backgrounds , theme , and others .
go to your messaging app on your front screen or where ever you have it placed and then once you are on it go to the bottom left corner on your phone and tap it and then hit settings and scroll down and it says bubble style or background style and there you go you changed it and you can also change your messaging background
go to the messaging app and hit the settings button . you will see bubble style and background style . when you select bubble style you will see options at the bottom of the screen that you can scroll through ( the top option is the look for your outgoing messages , the bottom option is the look for received messages ) . when you select background style there are a few options to scroll through at the bottom of the screen as well .
from page 53 of the user guide , you need to install the android sdk and use adb to load applications . if you do this with the market ( 3.3.12 ) i would expect you would be able to use it normally after that .
i also have the pandigital novel , did the update but it only gives you a 1.5 android , which originally was promised to be a 1.6 android . secondly , the slidesam 4.0 becomes slidesam 4.1 with the firmware update , but now crashes regularly when entering the android market online . . . all in all , pandigital left us hanging with no options . . . if you are lucky , you can hack your pandigital and give it the honeycomb 3.0 android but if you are like me , ( not a programmer ) , you would not know a honeycomb if it hit you upside the head !
if you happen to find a way to install .apk files directly to your novel , there are files to install the 3.0.26 market , or if that one is not compatible for some reason or does not work well ( it is the newest one ) , heres a link to the 2.3.6 market .
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
try to use the original earphone . the original earphone has volume control on it , if you use different earphone you can get this problem .
as that behaviour started when you installed all that stuff , it at least suggests a relation . it could be one of the apps causing this ; the audio/video files are unlikely to be the culprit . i would suggest you factory-reset the device and start over , but do not install all apps at once ; instead only install one at a time and see if all stays stable before continuing with the next . once the trouble starts over , uninstall the last app you have installed and see if that cures it ; if so , skip that app and continue with the next on your list . if all stays stable then , you know which app is problematic : contact its dev for further advice then . a helpful thing to investigate before going the " hard way " described above is to " debug " the issue . as you did not state which android version your device is running , i will describe an approach that should work for most versions : you need adb on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to achieve that ) , and connect your device via usb . then start adb logcat -v time -f debug.log from your computer 's command shell . let it run . as soon as the device reboots , stop the logcat task . now check debug.log from bottom to top to see what initiated the reboot . if you have trouble reading/interpreting it , upload the log and add a link to your question , so we can help you with it .
just take it to the authorized service centre and they will fix it . my lenovo s920 usb connection did not work and in service centre they fixed it saying that the " soldering " of the port disconnected . they corrected it in one hour time . so there could be chance in your on/off switch too . so check with service centre and its safe .
the desire supports sdhc which is upto 32gb so it should work fine . i have a 16gb in my droid and there is no difference noticable from a smaller card ( other than it having more capacity ) . if you were to find a bigger card ( i am not sure they have any in micro ) you had need a phone that supports sdxc .
a service like dropbox should be able to do this for you . it'll sync the files up to the web , and then your pc ( with dropbox installed ) should pull them down .
via email well of course this works , but i hope there is a quicker , better , more straightforward way .
with so many alternatives this days , the best options tends to be an application that allows us to work with multiple solutions . foldersync and the free version foldersync lite , both by tacit dynamics available from google play store , allows us to do just that : foldersync enables easy sync of files between cloud storage and android devices . foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google drive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned .
the easiest way is this little software named sego for me : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nex.sego
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) is able to exchange files over xmpp . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
gtalksms is able to send , browse and download files from your android phone via xmpp ( gtalk ) . it is also a remote sms notifier and has various other features . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
if you have not created a system backup ( sometimes called nandroid ) before updating , you have only one option : install an android 4.2 through recovery or flash and then do a factory reset .
which version is your nexus 4 running on ? 4.4 ( krt16s ) or 4.4.2 ( kot49h ) check by going into Settings &gt; About &gt; Build Number 4.4.2 ( kot49h ) is newer and fixes a lot of the bugs from 4.4 ( krt16s ) . you might try updating if you are running a lower version . you can revert back to 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) via : factory reset manual flash ( stock image here ) a system backup image as for the google play services battery drain : afaik it is caused by google now always accessing your location reporter and also waking up the phone from time to time . known solutions : disable the location reporter or prevent google now from accessing your location turn off high accuracy when location reporting ( gps ) is not in use simply turn google now off one more thing to take into concern are the updates . have you updated all the stock google apps . if not , just leave your nexus on wifi for a while to update all the google goodies and then try using it for a while on kitkat . if you notice the battery drain again revert back to jelly bean or simply try applying a solution from above to see if it fixes the drain .
from google : to see some sample cards from the main google now screen , touch Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Sample cards . when you’re finished and want to get back to the main google now screen , touch Hide sample cards .
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
for newer phones , you can use automagic , which has almost all of the functionality of tasker ( at the time of this writing , and expanding ) and has a much better interface for editing your sequences . it also makes use of the newer holo themes on android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later .
compass calibration works by detecting the magnetic field intensity of earth . but sometimes due to strong interference from other electronic devices like transformers compass sensor may get wrong idea about the magnetic poles of earth and can point in wrong direction . so to ensure that it asks users to recalibrate compass by rotating in figure 8 direction so that it can judge the magnetic intensity in all directions and then from that data it deduces the actual poles of earth .
at any point in space , the magnetic field strength and direction is the net effect of all the magnetic field sources affecting that point . the earth 's magnetic field is one of them . magnetized screwdrivers , cars , refrigerator magnets , etc . all produce fields . fields are also produced by current flowing through wires . it is like pouring water into a glass from multiple sources . once it is in the glass , you can not tell where it came from . there is no instrument that can determine the " actual poles " of the earth by measuring the magnetic field at a point . what the phone can do , however , is sense the point where the phone axis is parallel to the n/s magnetic force line and determine which end of the phone is north-pointing . if you do your dance far away from objects that might be magnetized , like cars and steel fences , the field the phone is measuring may be primarily the earth 's field and hence the phone compass will be properly calibrated . if you then put the phone into a magnetized car , however , it will point the wrong direction for north . the steel in every car is magnetized to one degree or another . high-precision compasses such are used on aircraft and serious maritime vessels actually have tiny correction magnets that are adjustable with screws for n/s and e/w errors . they are calibrated after installation by turning the vehicle onto known headings ( a compass rose painted by a surveyor on a taxiway far from metal buildings , for example ) and fussing with the magnets until the compass error is minimized . then the residual errors are recorded on a " compass correction card " for use in correcting the indicated readings . google for " compass correction card " to see images . in theory , the gps could be used to calibrate the compass when walking or driving since the instantaneous gps track is accurate . i have not heard of this being done , though it possibly is common . it would work even in a magnetized car . in an airplane or a ship this would not work , however , because the vehicle 's heading is to one degree or another usually crabbed slightly into the wind and the gps has no knowledge of this .
that is part of the superuser app 's settings . looked up on my milestone² running gingerbread : open your superuser app on the android device hit the " wrench " symbol in the upper right of the screen to go to its settings scroll to the " notifications " section uncheck " notifications " on ics and up , the wrench symbol might be no longer . at least chainfire 's superuser has a holo gui there . if that is the case for you , there should be a " settings " tab visible instead , so use that . edit : here 's a screenshot i have found at addictivetipps : screenshot ( click to enlarge ) note the last item displayed , that is where you can trigger it in ics and up .
the minimal requirements for building an android app are usually the android sdk and ant . then , you are able to build the majority 1 of projects with the following steps . if there is no build.xml generate it android update project -p . -n $project_name -s then build the project with ant debug which will create an .apk signed with your debug key . all other dependencies range from the used vcs ( e . g . git ) , over the required 3rd party libraries , up to other required build tools ( e . g . android ndk ) . 1 why did i write majority ? because there is no definitive answer for such a question , as it simply depends on the used build system and the overall build setup of the project . let 's have a look at f-droid 's metadata , which is a big database of build recipes for foss android apps . you will find that there are many ways how an android app can be build . for example goo.TeaTimer has a very clean and short build recipe , namely none , which defaults basically to f-droid using ant debug to create the .apk . on the other hand , org.transdroid.full requires a few more steps to create the .apk: first the transdroid core library needs to be created , that is the ant -f ../lib/build.xml line in prebuild , then options are disabled with the sed command . now the final .apk can be built .
there is not a system setting , so the app smart rotator is probably the closest thing you can get , but yes , in the beginning , you have to set everything up yourself .
alternatively , my default recommendation for cases like this : tasker . use a profile like this ( abstract ) : condition : app ( select " youtube " , and optionally other apps you would like to have autorotate turned on ) task : display-> display rotation : set on this way , whenever one of the selected apps runs in foreground , autorotate is turned on -- and as soon as that condition is no longer met , autorotate is turned to whatever it was set to before . to make sure to have it turned off afterwards , you can add a so called " exit task": exit : display-> display rotation : set off hm , looks like currently i answer every 2nd question with " tasker " . . .
this website has a very good answer : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-hacks/13466-how-back-stock-no-su-no-busybox-etc.html seems to cover all your bases . essentially involves : flashing the stock recovery and boot images to replace custom ones then either manually removing all the " root " bits , or ( option b in the post ) flashing the official update . zip putting your phone back to stock ! good luck : )
this code is used for factory format . it'll remove all files and settings including the internal memory storage . it'll also reinstall the phone firmware , which should remove your root ! once you give this code , there is no way to cancel the operation unless you remove the battery from the phone . so think twice before giving this code . enter this : *2767*3855# in the dialer .
this is a stab in the dark , that i read somewhere else : power + x volume up + camera button and in the menu select reset to factory defaults ? i am assuming this is going to take you back to ver 2.0 without root , without any apps , contacts or anything else you have done to your phone . granted , i do not know this for sure but its typically how all devices work eyes his old ipod video i have reset that thing so many times with a ' restore ' and it always removes any hacks i have done to it . i would be interested to find out how this works after the phone has been rooted .
i am assuming from the way the question is written , you may want fixed dialing numbers ( fdn ) . the samsung galaxy s4 can be set so that it may only call certain numbers from a set of specified prefixes . this is useful if you only want to call people on a specific network to save additional charges on inter-network calls . to do the restriction , you may need to follow these procedures . phone > menu > call settings > additional settings > fixed dialing numbers > enable fdn follow the prompts to supply the rest of the information needed . if you have fdn already enabled , and the number list is too broad , you can try disabling it , and using dialing presets instead .
since you said the phone is brand new there is nothing wrong with the software . it is most probably a defect with the screen . get it replaced and use a proper phone .
i do not think there is , but you could use a bluetooth a2dp headset which would allow you to wirelessly listen to audio being outputted by your phone . some pcs / laptops can also output audio from a paired bluetooth device like a phone .
please note the below is generic details . oems have their own android wear apps , just as an example smart connect from sony according to this article : when you install an android app that also has an android wear app , the app is automatically installed on your watch . the watch connects and starts downloading apps using the phone’s internet connection . you need to have the android wear app installed on the phone to enable this . as for gmail , yes you can use it on a smart watch . see here for details . you can do the following with gmail in android wear : read email your new email will show up in a gmail card . touch the card to expand the message . if the message is long , you might have to tap to expand it multiple times . if you have multiple messages , you’ll see a bar at the bottom of the card that shows how many messages you have . touch the bar to see the rest of your messages . you’ll get gmail cards if you get gmail notifications on your phone . learn more about how notifications work on android wear . reply to an email when you get a new email , you can read and reply by going to the gmail card . swipe ← to the left until you see the “reply” action . you will have to touch to reply . you can’t use a voice command like “reply . ” if your watch’s screen is dimmed , touch it to wake up your screen first . your gmail message will show up in a card . touch the message you want to reply to . swipe ← to the left until you see reply . touch reply . say your message . your message will send automatically . keep in mind , you can’t edit what you said after this point . if you want to change or cancel your message , you’ll have one second to press cancel . send an email you can speak to your watch to send an email to a contact , or say the email address . if your watch’s screen is dimmed , touch it to wake up your screen first . say “ok google . ” you’ll see a white screen with a red “g . ” say the following : “send email to alex jones that i’m looking forward to dinner tomorrow . ” archive an email you can archive an email right from your watch . if your watch 's screen is dimmed , touch it to wake up your screen first . your gmail message will show up in a card . touch the message you want to archive . swipe ← to left until you see archive . touch archive . your message will be archived .
an update to 4.2.2 should fix the bugs . my galaxy nexus has been running a lot more stable since the update . you should be able to find the update in settings> > about phone> > system updates .
are you talking about a folder on your pc with a bunch of playlist files in them ? if so , you could use an app like dropbox to copy your playlist folder to your phone when you change your playlists on your pc . then you can browse to them using the file explorer on your phone .
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
i am not sure where you would find one , but you could try sideloading the flash player app from the play store as installed on another hc 3.1.0 device and see whether that can display flash content any better .
the reason for the different behavior is that dropbear was using a different shell than the terminal app . a workaround would be to just use the same shell as the terminal app : echo "/system/bin/sh" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  note that this is in contrast to the cyanogenmod wiki , which instructs you to use the busybox shell : /system/xbin/busybox sh
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
it sounds as though you are using your tv as a media renderer for a media server ( hosted on your pc or other computer device ) . if that is the case , then yes , it is possible to use your android device as a media renderer for a media server . download mediahouse upnp / dlna browser and a video player with a codec that supports your video file-types ( vplayer video player is the best that i have found ) . if you instead meant that you wanted to stream the content provided to you from your tv service provider , then that is a bit more complicated . generally , they do not allow this since they want you to pay some odd sum of money for an additional renderer that they own . the process would go soemthing like this ( if not otherwise allowed ) : use some kind of capturing device to record ( temporarily or permenently ) the video content transmitted through an appropriate cable ( hdmi for example ) . you would theoretically need to split the signal or re-route it . then configure a media server on your pc to stream the recorded content . this would not provide a stream however which would have to be in a protocol like mjpeg to work as an actual " stream " . you would need something akin to an ethernet based capture card that provided a video stream over ip .
there are several different vlc remote apps available which will let you control audio/video playback on your pc when you are connected to the same network . it is probably not for the un-technical , but it does feel very cool controlling your " stereo " from the other end of your apartment . you will generally need to : install vlc on your pc turn on the web interface by going to ( tools> preferences . . . > show all ( bottom left ) > interface> main interfaces> web ) determine the ip address of your computer ( run command , run ipconfig ) install a vlc remote app on your n7 ( there are a multitude , try a free one first ) your vlc app will have somewhere to enter the ip address of the pc to be controlled note , if you can configure your router to assign a static ip to your pc you will save much re-entering of settings . i suspect a camera streaming to a static ip you could browse to from any device on your network should be possible , but i am afraid i am even less sure about the other stuff . that said ; i suspect you might want to look into arduino .
for the lights and the cam , i use an app called netio , which can control any kind of hardware ( microcontrollers ) or pcs . . also ip cameras can be included . and the best part is , you can layout buttons and switches online . http://netio.davideickhoff.de
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
firstly because they use the 3.5mm standard they will transmit sound to android just as you would expect on the iphone . all the controls work fine with the exception of the volume up and down . the microphone works currently on android as well . source : http://www.androidcentral.com/earpods-ear-holes-android
please see the comment by @t0mm13b . i have tried earpod with couple of samsung android phones . the sound works fine as expected . but the mic does not work and only gives a constant noise when tried to record audio . also play , pause , vol . up , vol . down controls are not working with android phones . if you need only its amazing sound quality ( for $29 ) , go for it . the speakers work in correct volume when the impedance matches with the device out . most phones are having ~32 ohms output impedance . technical specifications : Frequency Response: 5 Hz - 21 kHz Sensitivity: 109 dB/mW Impedance: 23 ohms  How to convert Iphone 3.5mm pin to standartd Samsung/Nokia 3.5mm pin?
there are four things in apple earpod speakers microphone play/pause button volume up/down buttons for speaker and microphone apple earpod supports universal head-phone config . should work with : htc , samsung , lg , most low-brand phones , some motorola and some sony , audio players . microphone and even speaker will work sometimes , but not well , with : nokia , most sony , most motorola . for play/pause button this works for most headsets . for vol up/down buttons this is very , very specific and you will have to do some research on sites like pinout . ru . people on the apple store say volume button works well with htc wildfire , but i am not sure .
on my rooted device i was able to start connection once and it never worked again . command is : android# pand --connect XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX android# netcfg bnep0 dhcp  alternatively if you know the address of remote device - let 's say 192.168.101.1 android# ifconfig bnep0 192.168.101.1 android# route add default gw 192.168.101.1 dev bnep0 android# setprop net.dns1 192.168.101.1  i am not sure why it stopped working for me . maybe i will restore factory image , root it and try again .
go to Settings &gt; Notifications . select Vibrate for message notifications subsection . can you please check if this works ?
if phone data/photos is all you are after , i suggest using airdroid instead . no wires required , and will work on any computer . if you are really set on using the cord , you may be missing gs2 drivers . you will need to install kies from samsung .
you will probably want to wipe everything and reflash your rom . this xda post has everything you need : what this is : a package to return your device to a completely stock state . it differs from h8rift 's packages in that it includes a pit file to repartition your phone . this is especially useful for those who accidentally flashed the wrong pit ( cough . . . bella ) or screwed up their partitions some other way . is this dangerous ? : no . the pit file i created has been tested and confirmed working by myself . instructions : make sure the drivers for the infuse 4g are installed ( installing kies is the best way to accomplish this ) download and unzip gtg 's_ultimate_unbrick . zip run odin3 v1.7 . exe as administrator place your phone into download mode ( pull battery , replace battery , press and hold both volume buttons while plugging in the usb cable ) make sure your phone shows up in odin as com## click the pit button and choose infuse . pit ( and make sure re-partition is checked ) click the pda button and choose pda_uckd5 . tar . md5 click the phone button and choose phone_uckd5 . tar . md5 press start in the rare case that it finishes and your phone proceeds to boot loop , pull the battery , replace it , press and hold both volume keys and then press and hold the power key , keep holding all three buttons until 3e recovery comes up , select " delete all user data " , and finally select " reboot system now " . ----download---- gtg 's_ultimate_unbrick . zip ( 183mb ) note that odin is very powerful and , despite the fact that the post says it is not dangerous , odin can brick your phone . proceed at your own risk . that said , i have used odin dozens of times myself and it is saved my phone several times .
options : auto reboot f . reset time files [ download ] pda : . tar file source : androidcentral
if you want a specific app to react to bluetooth commands , you have to set it to high priority . i know poweramp has such a setting . check the spotify settings for a high priority option .
no . since you mentioned the battery duration is hours shorter , it must be the usage not the charger .
it is not quite an exact answer , but i try : i noticed the same behaviour on other devices too : my nook color 's supplied cable and wall charger feeds it with 2a . when using a normal cable this is limited to 0.5a ( or so ) . when charging with 0.5a the nook shows 100% far quicker than it can be possible but starts charging ( silently ) in the background again . my guess is this : the device sometimes sucks more power during usage than your charger unit can supply and the internal charging circuit then decides to stop charging and shows 100% capacity reached from that time on . this might be to prevent charge/uncharge waves when your car charger does not supply your device 's max power usage . some car chargers only provide 450ma . . . or do not have a stable enough voltage ouput . this is the standard for generic usb chargers : en-62684
i chose the desire hd over the galaxy for a couple of fairly qualitative unscientific reasons . i have had good experience with other htc android phones ( i adored my htc magic ) . to my eyes at least , the samsung galaxy has been styled to look just like an iphone 3g . if i wanted something that looked like an iphone , i would get an iphone . on a more scientific level . as has been mentioned , while the desire hd is still clocked at 1ghz , it is snapdragon is the latest revision , made with the smaller process than the old desire , and with the improved graphics . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_%28processor%29 the screen on the desire is also bigger ( and to my eyes awesome ) , but most reviews i have read say the colour and sharpness of the galaxy is better . the desire hd is also a big package overall , it may be a little too large for some pockets , i do not know how much more comact ( if any ) the galaxy is .
it really depends what you mean by superior . the desire hd will be basically the same as the existing desire but with a 4.3" screen and will have the same amount of internal storage as the galaxy s . the desire hd will have 768 mb of ram instead of 512 mb on the galaxy s . but the desire hd will have the same snapdragon processor as the old desire , whereas the galaxy s has the superior hummingbird . however , the desire hd will have a 8 mp camera whereas the galaxy s only has 5 mp , and the desire hd has dual led camera flash whereas some of the galaxy s phones do not have a flash at all . that sums up the major differences , and personally i would lean toward the desire hd , but you should compare for yourself and see what better fits your needs : htc desire hd specifications samsung galaxy s specifications
i was able to resolve the issue by calling sprint and having them fix it on their end . looks like gv does not properly give the phone number back when you remove the service from your phone on their website and dial *38 .
to auto answer your calls : go to google.com/voice then click on the settings button then go to the tab called " calls " change the call screening setting to " off " then " save changes "
jelly bean devices do not use usb mass storage to mount themselves on pcs . they use the more secure mtp method , and ubuntu does not natively support mtp . the method you have linked to is the only official way to do what you want . i own a nexus 7 , but i am using a custom rom , and as such , usb mass storage is hacked into my build . however , i believe on the stock rom , if you check in storage and you press menu , you should have an option to set the usb connection type , and there is a picture transfer mode . it will not let you see all of the files on your nexus , but it will allow you to copy and it should not need any extra help inside ubuntu . for an extremely detailed explanation on mtp and why it exists , and why on the stock rom you will never be able to use it as a flash drive , i highly recommend you check this stackexchange question : how can i use my galaxy nexus as an external usb storage drive ?
i have the same problem with kies , all music but no playlists ! i tried winamp but no luck there either , it did crash alot on my pc , and s3 . so i tried a few other apps on play store , i am using easy phone tunes , i paid just over £1.00 for it , now it does all ther playlists . . . but . . out of 2226 tracks it syncs about 1980 tracks . however it gives me a list of all that it will not copy , it is a shame i can not copy/paste info from that list . i know it will not copy drm tracks , but i only have about 3 of those that i have bought from itunes anyway . i have emailed the dev of the easy phone tunes app for the pc and s3 , i am running sync again now to generate a log file to send him .
same issue . on my old android phone the best solution for me was songbird with the folder sync plugin . unfortunately samsung galaxy s3 only supports mtp mode and not mass storage mode , and folder sync will not work in mtp mode . i have tried several desktop players and they all fail to syn playlists properly : windows media player , songbird , media monkey , and winamp . they all have the same problem , they create the play lists in the playlist folder and if you click on them they look ok but when you open them in the phone 's player no songs . i did find an interesting post for creating . m3u files with a script and copying them to your music folder here : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/583712-syncing-music-playlists-galaxy-s3.html turns out that songbird + folder sync plugin will create the right kind of m3u playlists so you can stage what you want on your phone using folder sync then cut and paste it into the phones music folder using windows explorer .
since we can not transfer the playlist directly from the pc the alternative is to store the songs that you need in a playlist onto the mobile in a folder . then create a playlist on the mobile and when you have to add the songs transfer the songs from the folder containing the specific songs . until samsung makes the playlist transfer feature same as iphone , this seems to me the only method available for the moment .
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
1- root your phone . 2- install cwm 3- create a second partition on the sd card . 8 gb card = second partition 3 gb . leaves you 5 gb storage . 4- install link2sd from google store . link all apps to the second partition . in that way you have all widgets available . 5- you will never have low memory problems again . . .
you simply looked in the wrong place in the settings . factory reset is located in the privacy options . as for the " hardware way " described in the other answer : the key combinations are device-specific . as you did not mention the name of your device , guessing the correct combination is like playing in a lottery ; )
try these steps : turn your device off press both volume button and power button . you should be accessing the boot loader by now . look for the option " clear storage / factory settings " using the volume button . once found press the power button to confirm .
the easiest way would be using a " profile switcher " . as your demand is time-based , a good and easy choice would be timeriffic ( available for free and high rated ) . here you could simply say : 24h/day disable these things . an alternative would be profilescheduler , which also allows switching profiles by click ( so you do not need to setup a schedule , just the profile ) . ah , btw : needless to say that this does not require a rooted device ; ) edit : if your intention is to keep other people from tempering with certain apps , you might want to take a look at so-called " app lockers " -- with which you can password-protect some/all your apps ( including e.g. the play store app to keep them from installing something else ) . here possible candidates include : app lock ( free , high rated ) app protector ( free , good rating ) ultimate app guard ( free , high rated ) and many more . and btw2: using an app locker , you can also protect the settings menu ( to avoid easy changes to e.g. bluetooth status ) . edit2: if the devices are rooted , you could even bring a " local firewall " into play : use droidwall to define which apps may access the internet ( via mobile and/or wlan separately ) , plus an app locker to password-protect droidwall . this way the apps themselves would be accessible ( unless you lock them completely as well ) , but their access to the net would be handled separately ( by droidwall ) .
yes , you can , but you have to synchronize google chrome with google account . you can change synchronization interval , etc . , etc . , in device settings ( accounts ) . how to force make bookmarks synchronization , you can read here .
use slightly different urls as bookmarks ( e . g . add " and dummy=1" at the end of one of them ) so that they are " different bookmarks " .
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
mythbusted i installed this app yesterday with some uncertainty and it detected ( and fixed ) a number of problems . i then found this thread which made my suspicions even more so . today i ran the app and it detected zero problems , not surprising since the battery presumably got no new problems overnight . out of curiosity i set the date to a month in advance and ran the test again , and suddenly there are eight ' cells ' with low charge and two inactive ! so obviously all this app does is check when it was last run and the longer ago it was the more ' faulty ' cells it throws up in a random pattern to make it look like it is found ' faults ' which it can then fix . do not waste your time , i assume the only thing this does is provide ad revenue to the developer .
when you see a message &lt;User&gt; was removed then it means two things : the group admin removed the user from group . the person deleted/deactivated his account . i can vouch for this one because my friend lost his mobile and on deactivation the message appeared in my group that he was removed without me taking action . yes , &lt;User&gt; was removed and &lt;User&gt; has left mean two different things , &lt;User&gt; has left comes up when user voluntarily leaves a group but keeps his whatsapp active .
i am the admin of my group and i did not remove my friend yet the message appeared " user was removed " i think when someone deactivates their account then this message comes but maybe there is one more possibility , if that user blocks the admin then he/she might be getting removed from all the groups where the same person is the admin whom he/she has blocked . and yes if the admin removes that person then also ' user was removed ' will show
it might be the difference one one getting removed by others ( group admin ) and one leaving group by self .
yes if admin of group removed a person from the group then , whatsapp will " username was removed " , if the person in a group left the group then it will show " username left " . . it is not means user deleted the account
if the admin itself goes off from the group before removing all the other members then it shows this message about the admin to the other remaining members left behind in the group .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
this is a general android question that applies to all devices . messages ( sms ) are queued if there is no signal . see screenshot ( device is in airplane mode ) .
have you installed and used the dolphin desktop toggle add-on ? is it not what you were looking for ? although , not an automatic method , it does make switching user agents much less painful . else , you might also try accessing the mobile version of sites that render better by using their url e.g. http://m.twitter.com or http://m.gmail.com or mobile . website . com etc .
that happened to me when i was trying to test on a real device an unsigned app that i built , maybe that is the case . if you are a developer , sign the app before testing it .
first , make sure you have sufficient internal memory ( that should be more than just the app size , because app needs to store data too ) . the storage for apps is different from internal mass storage . you can find it under settings > storage , look for the applications label . also , if the app is , say 20 mb , keep at least 50 mb free , because apart from the app storage , android also tends to slow down when short on internal memory . if you are trying to update/overwrite an installed app , try removing it first . source . if that did not work , try this solution . it is aimed at titanium backup , but i guess it might work for other apps too .
there might be mainly these two possibilities 1 ) either the device did not have the sufficient memory 2 ) adb connection time out error to solve 1 ) clear you temporary memory , un install application or clear un wanted cache 2 ) go to preferences-> android-> ddms and increase you adb connection time out according to your need mine is 11000
there is nothing ( at present ) that can do all that siri does . depending on your needs you might be able to get close . lifehacker had an article about your current alternatives : how to get a siri-like personal assistant on your android phone for free to summarize : you will need one of the following ( or a combination ) : google voice actions for android vlingo edwin speaktoit assistant update : terryk2 points out iris , currently in alpha testing , which is by the developers ' own admission a direct response to siri .
that would be google search , which also has voice command abilities . although i am not sure how intuitive the commands can be given , compared to siri .
i would say vlingo is probably the closest but does not have the contextual power that siri does but it is very close .
there is an app called skyvi in the android market . initially i used iris , but it was quite buggy . this is comparatively better in my opinion . it is humorous as well .
while still in alpha , it may be worth checking out iris . it is got a limited set of siri 's functionality , but it looks like it could be interesting to watch it grow .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
try this : sudo apt-get install mtpfs mkdir ~/NexusDrive mtpfs ~/NexusDrive nautilus ~/NexusDrive 
running into the same problem . . . . adding more info : i just had my droid 4 upgraded to 4.1.2 . when trying to configured imaps , i am getting the same error . i run the imap server i am connecting to , so i can do some additional troubleshooting . i am running dovecot as an imap server . here are the log messages : i also ran a packet capture . the phone goes through the tcp 3-way handshake ( syn , syn-ack , ack ) , and then does nothing . no packets after the last ack . that probably explains the inactivity message in the dovecot log . in the configuration , i told the client to use tls ( accept all certificates ) , use port 993 . i have tried multiple ' authentication methods ' ( auto , plain , etc ) . nothing worked . these settings ( imaps , 993 , auto ) worked fine on 4.0.4
your best source probably is nexus s : all things root guide -- which is a compilation/collection of several guides . here you can probably pick your minimalist solution as well as go for the " big thing " . in case you need some addional sources ( easily to find with a simple google search , by the way , as that is what i just did ) : root and recovery for the nexus s : quite decent , looks really easy : only a few steps involved . guide to root nexus s : a detailed guide nexus s : full update guide : full guide from root up to cyanogenmod customrom " nexus s " rooting guide : google search which turned all the above up on its first result page ; ) and probably has many more on the following pages . . . do not get me wrong : i am not saying you did not search ( your question clearly indicates you did ) . i put this just for reference by other interested readers here , who might need more details .
i have just done this for my nexus s running 4.1.2 so thought i would let you know how i went about it . i firstly downloaded the nexus root toolkit on my computer ( note that you will need a windows machine for this to work ) . from that point you can pretty much follow the instructions in the application itself and on the site , here 's the instructions from the site : instructions : select the correct device and build ( what you are currently running ) configure your drivers if you haven’t already using the driver guide ( if you aren’t sure use step 3 of the driver guide to test your drivers ) . if you need to , backup your important data . unlock your device root your device rather than going through each step in detail ( the documentation and help in the application is pretty extensive already ) i thought it would be more helpful to mention the issues i came across . forgot to unlock it ( step 4 ) - . - spent half an hour trying to figure out why it was not working and realised i would skipped a step , you need to unlock the bootloader . getting the drivers installed - although i already had the android sdk and hence the android composite drivers the application did not seem to work with these , it needed to downloaded some new drivers which it does automatically . on window 's device manager usually i am used to using the ' browse to folder ' option and letting it automatically search but this did not seem to work for the new driver , instead select the ' let me choose a driver from my pc ' option and choose the android phone drivers and the driver is the " google nexus s adb interface " . not finding the device - this happened a few times where the program could not find the device , said it was not connected , did i choose the right model etc . the problem seems to be that the adb server was out of date and needed to be restarted but the program would not do that . in order to restart it i just ran adb devices from the command line . for this to work you will need to have adb installed and added to the computers path . this then allowed the toolkit to find the phone and proceed on . left on non-android screen at end - after the rooting stage the application left a recovery application open on the phone rather than the android os , if this happens to you then go to Reboot and just reboot the phone . this is the last screen you will see : the superuser bit is fine , the toolkit will have installed it onto your phone for you , i just updated it using the play store option that is presented in the application . the toolkit did not seem to have installed busybox onto the phone but if you do want it then just go to the play store , download busybox and then install it . good luck !
sch-i535 is not a gsm phone so will not work with any 2g or 3g t-mobile tower . also that phone only supports lte frequencies of 700 mhz and 1900 mhz , neither of which are bands that t-mobile use to any significant degree . instead t-mobile uses 1700 and 2100 mhz . t-mobile is however in the process of rolling out 700 mhz and 1900 mhz , so you might get data in the near future however you will not generally be able to make calls as that is currently handled by the 3g networks . and even where volte is available this phone will may not have the software update to support it . update : despite not being listed in the specs of samsung 's website , nor gsm area , or wikipedia sch-i535 does infact support gsm beyond lte . it appears that verizon pushed out an update with 4.1.2 jelly bean which enabled support for gprs/edge/gsm 850/900/1800/1900 mhz and hspa/umts 2100 mhz ( band 1 ) . t-mobiles 3g support requires aws-1700/2100 ( band 4 ) , however they do support 1900 mhz for gsm/edge 2g service . so you can get edge but not hspa , although you may soon get lte depending on t-mobiles rollout .
according to lifehacker , you can use a headphone splitter in reverse to achieve your goal .
short answer : yes . in fact , it is a little more complicated than that . the device manufacturer or oem buys different components ( chips and sensors ) from other manufacturers . some of those components ( such as the soc or chipset ) in turn contain hardware designed by other companies . for example , an lg phone might contain a soc manufactured by qualcomm , which in turn contains a gpu designed by arm . just like how the hardware contains components from different vendors , so does the software . in the example , when arm licenses ( sells ) the gpu design to qualcomm , they also supply the source code for a reference driver for the gpu design . ( they had include source for whatever platforms qualcomm is interested in , including android . ) qualcomm would adjust all the parameters of the driver ( such as the memory map , which you mentioned ) for their soc , and put it together with drivers for all the other components of the soc . then , when lg buys the soc from qualcomm , qualcomm would supply this combined driver to lg . lg puts this together with the drivers for other parts of the phone ( such as the touch screen ) , adds their ui customizations , and builds a rom image that they can flash onto the phone during manufacture . there is sometimes an extra step , too : the carrier might change the rom to include more pre-installed apps , a different boot animation , or other customizations . so , although in general each component manufacturer or designer is responsible for the driver for their own components , that driver is changed further down the line .
that is what usually delays an android update being rolled out to the end user 's device : even if the aosp ( android open source project ) announced a new android version being available two months ago , it is still only available to nexus users ( their drivers etc . are included with aosp ) -- while oems first need to adjust their drivers , and test how that goes along with the new android version . for some devices , they might even decide it is not worth it , and not adjusting the new version . the same applies once more to vendors/carriers shipping branded devices : they first need to wait for the manufacturers to finish their adjustments , and only then can start adjusting the branding ( and testing their adjustments again ) . another delay . but now you might uderstand why some carriers proudly announce a 4.0 . x update to some devices , while 4.2 is long available and even 4.3 already knocking at the door .
you will always have to approve on the device when initiating an adb backup or adb restore -- this is a security measure . otherwise any villain could obtain your data ( adb backup ) or place malware on your device ( adb restore ) . if you do not approve the action on your device , it is assumed it could be mentioned villain intending some evil actions , and hence the process is aborted -- again said security measure . to my knowledge , there is not anything ( apart from applying some hack to the adb code/libraries/binaries on the device itself ) to " work around " this .
neither dvm nor jvm runs on every processes . natively compiled applications ( e . g . the ones you see inside terminal emulator ) are not associated with any dvm or jvm . and even when you only count android " apk " applications , the overhead of having jvm/dvm on ( nearly ) every process ' address space is minimal since they are a shared dynamic library so linux will smartly load them once in a copy-on-write buffer for the whole os .
android applications run dalvik bytecode , so the dvm needs to be running . just like how running java bytecode on a pc requires a jvm to run .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
my galaxy s with 2.3.3 has no option for bluetooth tethering , but my lenovo thinkpad tablet running 3.1 has such an option . i am not entirely sure if the option comes from stock android because it does not get listed on wikipedia . so i assume that it is an modification from lenovo . 2.3 will require root for bluetooth tethering if there where no modifications by the manufacturer and i think bluetooth tethering has not found the way in stock android yet .
for android 2.2 i belive you do need to root the device to install a tethering app . however , android 2.3 does have tethering over wi-fi or usb built but i find that it does not work that well so i have still rooted it and installed the app . i do not know if the problem with the built in tethering is a problem with my phone or android overall so you might find the built in version works fine . hope this helps
no , it does not . the only usb ports are on the keyboad dock . the tablet itself has : a microsd card slot a mini hdmi port a 40-pin docking/charging/usb transfer connector an audio jack source : cnet 's review of the asus eee pad transformer
t-mobile comet manual , p . 14: using the microsd card as usb mass storage to transfer all your favorite music and pictures from your pc to your mobile phone’s microsd card , set the microsd card as usb mass storage . connect your mobile phone to your pc with the usb cable . your pc will detect the microsd card as a removable disk . open the notification bar , and then touch usb connected . touch turn on usb storage in the dialog box that opens to confirm that you want to transfer files . you can now transfer files from your pc to your mobile phone’s microsd card .
as janusz explained , this program scans and indexes media files on the internal and removable storage . sometimes the media scanner using a lot of cpu can be a result of it trying to scan one or more corrupted files . this is usually a symptom of your sd card starting to fail . try scanning your sd card 's filesystem for errors on a proper computer ( e . g . using fsck on a gnu/linux system , or scandisk on windows ) . if any errors are detected and fixed , put the sd card back in your phone and see if the problem goes away .
the media server is responsible for indexing the images , videos and music files on the device . it then is queried by programs like the media gallery or the music player for filtered lists of certain media types . i think that it would be restarted pretty fast after killing . i would assume that somehow there are many write options on the sd card and the media server will constantly reindex your mass storage . but i do not know a solution for that .
real player has a beta version for android phones , so maybe it will be the one you are looking for .
default video player on android does support rtsp . you can specify the port in the url ( &lt;server&gt;:&lt;port&gt; )
perhaps it is a bug , my nexus 4 is on the english locale and with a russian input language gesture typing works . perhaps you have installed an app that gives you the russian keyboard , it would not support gesture typing by default .
i do not know about your specific issue , but swiftkey 4 has gesture typing that is worked for me in multiple languages ( english and french ) .
i think there are a couple of bugs here . it does not work with qwerty layout . it does work with uk and us though , but the trick here is to disable and enable again " gesture input " option after needed dictionaries were installed .
no , there is no way to do this unless you have some special-purpose hardware . as someone already commented , normal android devices do not have a radio transmitter that can be made to transmit on any frequency .
you could give qoppa pdf notes a try : the best app for editing , annotating , filling forms , and signing pdf documents . qpdf notes is a user-friendly , all-in-one pdf app to view , edit , and markup pdf documents , digitally sign and share them , and fill pdf forms . saved documents are fully compatible with adobe acrobat and the pdf standard , and can be viewed in any capable pdf reader . the link leads to the demo ( which places a watermark on all your edits ) ; a full version is available for about eur 4 . if you just want to annotate , there are plenty of apps available capable of that . p.s. : and it sure is " the best app for editing pdf documents " at the moment -- i could find no other , so it is also the only afaik : )
if i may , i suggest kk keyboard . i am not advertising , but i use it myself , because my keyboard did this too .
it is actually quite simple just hard to figure out . install a file manager app ( astro , inka file manager ) using a file manager app navigate to sdcard > media folder create a new folder place all your photos into that newly created folder . it may take some time but eventually the new photo album will appear inside htc 's gallery app .
you should check out google 's cloud to device messaging ( c2dm ) framework . if you just want to send stuff from your browser to your phone try chrome to phone ( it is a kind of reference implementation of the c2dm framework ) . good luck !
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
yes it works . i rooted sony er wt19i with locked bootloader and it installed superuser . you should try . many people asking can i do this or that and never did nothing . how can you know if you didnt try ?
you can switch to stock rom for galaxy y by using the latest version of odin and downloading the stock rom . you can find these files in other forums .
i like to sync all contacts and then in contact list i choose to only show the ones with phone numbers . to do this open contacts > menu > view > select " contacts with phone numbers " . not sure if that is what you are looking for but is the only thing i could find for a solution on evo . strange , the directions below will work on other android devices , but not an htc sense devices . open contacts > menu > settings > edit sync groups . select " sync all contacts " , " my contacts " or " starred in android " . for htc sense do the following , contacts ( people ) > groups tab > menu > sync groups . note , on my evo neither option worked for me . i am running 2.2 and suspect that is part of the reason .
i do not know if the evo uses the vanilla contacts and dialing app , but if it does , it is a two step process . first , you have to organize your contacts into groups in gmail . adding a star to any contact on your phone will add it to the " stared in android " contact group in gmail . this will be principally for contacts that you wish to sync , but do not feel like putting into another group . for me , these are mainly the phone numbers of local taxi companies . now , on your phone , open your contacts , hit the menu button , and select display options , expand the google contacts , and then start deselecting groups , especially all other contacts . all other contacts include all the contacts that are in my contacts ( added liberally by gmail ) but are not in any groups .
so this is a complete workaround , but worked for me and i will keep it this way until there is a better solution . it is a real pain to have contacts updating each time you send an email to someone . i for instance , sell items on craigslist occasionally and in a 5 day period got and replied to over 60 people , most of them offering some sort of offshore job offer scam . . . . . yet they all go in my evo 4g contacts ! irritating for sure . what i did was this , it took me a half an hour : set up a new account group in google called temporary ( name is irrelevant ) moved all of the contacts that i did not want on my phone into this group deleted all of them deleted the group altogether then i set my auto-sync settings on my handset for contact-syncs to manual . so now , i have only the contacts i want on my phone . not sure how this will play out once i want to add contacts , but for now my contact book is very clean and tidy .
i have seen this behaviour in k9 when my mail server updated it is ssl certificates . the fix was to long-press the account , select Account settings -&gt; Fetching mail -&gt; Incoming server and just hit Next through the pages to confirm your settings until you get the popup about the certificate ( this might not appear if everything is ok with the certificate , mine had a wrong vhost ) . confirm the certificate and just go through the rest of the settings and you account should start to work .
does anyone have any suggestions as to how i can see the full text of the errors which are occurring when trying to sync my k9 folders ? it seems that there is no way to see these log messages on the device without root access , but if you do have root access , there are a couple of options , either grant the required permissions to alogcat or consider using a horrible hack tm to view them directly . view the log files on your pc or workstation via adb if you can connect your android device to a pc or workstation , then you can access the logs via the adb command . to do this on windows , first you will need to install the android sdk ( which will require the java se sdk ) and add the android-sdk\tools and android-sdk\platform-tools to the system path . then enable usb debugging on your nexus 7 , plug it in via usb , and install the android composite adb interface from android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver ( i had to force windows xp to look here , it would not find the drivers on it is own ) . for details of how to get adb up and running without the full android sdk install , or on mac or linux machines , see izzy 's excellent answer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? then you can open a shell ( i.e. . a cmd window ) and run the command : adb logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  i have confirmed that this works on my non-rooted nexus 7 . grant permissions to alogcat if you have root access , you could consider granting the READ_LOGS permission to alogcat , as suggested in this post alogcat/catlog/lumberjack not working ? do this . . . on the xda-developers forum : pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  to grant this permission to alogcat or alogcat.donate , you would use one of the following commands , depending on whether you are running the donate version or not : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS pm grant org.jtb.alogcat android.permission.READ_LOGS  according to one post on android-developers and the ticket , the permission grant survives reboot and update , but not uninstall/reinstall . sadly since this requires root access , whether i run this on the device or on my pc ( prefixed by adb shell ) i just get the error : Neither user 12345 nor current process has android.permission.GRANT_REVOKE_PERMISSION  i cannot confirm that this works , since my nexus 7 has not been rooted . consider using a horrible hack tm if you have root access , you could consider making logcat setuid root and running logcat from the device shell , as suggested in this answer to my how can i access android log files on my nexus 7 without root access ? question : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  again , i cannot confirm that this works and i would probably only use it as a last resort , given the security implications . why are no log messages from k9 appearing in the alogcat log viewer ? could something have changed in jelly bean which lead k9 's logging to stop working ? since there seem to be remarkably few messages being shown by alogcat in general , has something has changed in jelly bean which could mean that it is no longer able to access all messages ? this appears to be a change in jelly bean which affects all applications which may try to read the log files . apparently read_logs permission is not granted to 3rd party applications in jelly bean . since this link seems to be unreliable : today i have tested my application on newest ( api 16 ) emulator before releasing it to google play . it turned out that android now refuses to grant this permission to 3rd party applications . this is weird because i have looked through all jelly bean 's documented changes and could not find anything that mentions read_logs permission . and later the protectionlevel for read_logs is now " signature|system|development " . the new pipe syntax for protectionlevel is also undocumented ( see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34785 ) . my suspicion is that alogcat is only seeing messages generated by itself and it is vm . for further information , see flow answer 's to my question how active should i expect my jelly bean system log file to be ?
as a programmer i find this interesting . password fields can be ( and usually are ) treated differently than normal text boxes . given that android is open source i guess it is possible that samsung has at least attempted to include code that prevents a password field from passing information typed in it back to the keyboard application , but like others have stated i am skeptical . in order for a keyboard application to collect your data it has to include the extra step of capturing your input , storing it somewhere , even if it is just temporarily in an instance variable , and then sending it on to a third party . i would be interested to hear what samsung says about this and how they supposedly prevent it , but i am guessing that is an answer we are not likely to get .
as of right now , i am going to say you can not do this . android 3.1 just added usb host support , so it is technically possible , though someone would need to build drivers or an application to take advantage of it .
if you mean a usb ethernet adapter , then if you have one that has [ fully open source ] drivers in the mainline linux kernel , it may be as simple as recompiling the kernel for your xoom , installing it , and getting one of the usb otg adapter cables people have been using to read usb memory sticks on xooms . fortunately the xoom seems more open to modified kernels than their phones . once it is available in the kernel , you may also need to figure out how to tell android to use that network interface - notice there is no ifconfig binary ( though people have made their own ) . you might check with the android beagle board and android x86 projects to see how they initialize ethernet adapaters .
ygps , as far as i can discern ( i do not own a fairphone ) , is an app which lets you view what gps satellites your phone is currently connected to . i am guessing it probably provides the same kind of function here , and is likely draining your battery life because it is constantly making gps calls in the background . my guess is that , being a poorly developed app , the developers decided to call every permission possible to ensure they would not run into any issues . it is likely only using the gps function of the phone anyway , but considering you were going to anyway it is probably not a bad idea to disable it .
2g consumes less power than wifi when it comes to standard usage ( surfing , small downloads etc ) . the problem with wifi : it constantly scans for hotspots even when you are connected to one and not using it . when it comes to big downloads etc , wifi is more efficient . reason : due to slow speed , 2g will continue to drain battery for 2 hours when wifi quits downloading within 5 minutes .
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
the generic perception is that networking via wi-fi cause less drain on your device 's battery than connecting with 3g . during the data transfer , if you use both connections to perform the same download , you will find that wi-fi is more efficient since it transfers stuff faster than 3g , thus leading to less consumption of your battery . rare exceptions may prove otherwise , but 3g faster and with stronger signal than wi-fi is a grandpa 's fairytale ; ) one important thing to account for , is the network coverage : if you stay a large amount of time within a limit coverage area , either for 3g or wifi , disable the one who is suffering from low coverage . your device will constantly be searching for available network , and that is just energy wasted on fruitless searches . being this usually the cause for complain on the battery life .
use wi-fi . in most cases a wi-fi radio will offer greater bandwidth at a significantly lower battery cost . as a result , you should [ prefer ] wi-fi whenever possible . -- developer . android . com : modifying your download patterns based on the connectivity type via transferring data without draining the battery .
there is an app for this . you can use it to install flash player on a jelly bean device . you can also try installing flash player and then upgrading the device to jelly bean .
why not use adb shell and look for the process id of that update manager software and uninstall it or even disable it ? do you know the name of the package responsible for the update ? two ways i can think of pm uninstall com.motorola.xxxxx or pm disable com.motorola.xxxxx trouble is , if the student in question is extremely inquisitive and leans towards android hacking . . . well , this will be the weakest thing you can do , since the tablet would be outside of your control and all hell breaks loose if some student happened to allow the upgrade to proceed ! another way that has its advantage/dis-advantage : pro : reliable ! con : temporary root under ics , un-heard of ! why not use a temporary rooting procedure ( its temporary and will disappear on reboot - z4root is one i know of that will allow it but 100% uncertain if it will work with ics ) , the idea is - to obtain root temporarily , and nuke the updater from the /system/app directory and cleanly dispose of trailing data and what-nots associated with the updater apk . then that should put your mind at ease . trouble is , really , you are dealing with such inquisitive minds and they will invariably find a way around the lock-downs , unfortunately . . . :d it sounds like a lose-lose case here which is outside of your control since those tablets are coming in and going out of school into the student 's home that has wifi etc . one thing though as a recommendation , by-pass whatever powers-that-be that has approved the budget for the tablets and go direct to motorola and ask them is there a solution and explain the situation to them to see if they can knock up something to prevent it from happening ? surely on their end , they can blacklist certain known serial numbers or something . . .
well you can allways make an app that pulls the pictures from an rss feed or php webservice from the site and then shows them up
no . the blogger images showed up because they are hosted in picasa which is integrated into the android gallery . but as a workaround you could host your images on picasa and link to them from your blog .
if you have clock app available in your android jelly bean , open it and set alarm with silent ringtone and you chek the box to vibrate . in jelly bean 4.2.1 the silent ringtone is there . if you do not have , install es file explorer , record some silent ringtone and set it with es explorer .
no , adb root does not survive reboots ( thankfully , that would be a nice security hole . . . ) in your case , i would guess that the permissions on that file got changed , allowing you to push it the second time .
i am not sure about a shortcut but a simple widget should be good enough for your needs . while i have not tried this myself here is how i would start : write a simple widget to put on the home screen . be prepared to send in a new intent as soon as the widget is started up open the dolphin browser while having your device connected to adb . notice the intent that is being sent by the activitymanager when starting the browser . in your app create a new intent ( ) and fill it up with the specific component/class name of dolphin browser and pass in the url of the site you want to open as data . i think the tricky part will be detecting the exact class and component name used by dolphin browser . the rest of it should be straight forward ( i think ) .
it is doable , but you cannot do this without 3rd party application , because by default shortcuts or bookmarks ( as available in the system features ) do not hold such information . i am not able to name any app that would do this , as i never personally needed this , but i am certain they do exist as it is not technically complicated , as most likely you are not the only one with such needs . all it needs to be done is to create a shortcut , which would launch this 3rd party app being a " proxy " and said app would then call explicitly specified application handing your url to it .
the answer to 1 ) is : the installer does not use the same releases as you see on the download page , it has separately signed releases so they are not directly comparable . sorry i do not know how you can predict when you might next get an update when you have used the installer . the answer to 2 ) is : latest release for installer devices are here : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/cyanogenmod_installer#supported_devices for the galaxy nexus that is : 11.0-installerxnpq09p further info : on that same wiki page it says : how do i get updates ? updates are done via settings > about phone > system updates . when a new snapshot build is > available , your will also receive a notification . devices flashed via the installer will only get updates when a new stable snapshot build is available . i suspect that might be out of date however . the following seems to be the most recent up to date information : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cm-11-m4-post-release-items installer builds are those served via the cm installer applications ( windows , mac ) . these > builds are specially signed and named separately – there is no concept of an ‘m’ build for > this release channel – so saying ‘installer skipped m#’ is an incorrect interpretation . > this channel only ever receives specially created stable builds – they even come with their > own naming structure ( eg xnpq02r ) . there is an additional blog post that rehashes some of the information on the m4 blog post above with a bit of extra clarification here : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cyanogenmod-11-0-m6-release hth . stephen
go to setting--> applications---> gallery--> clear cache after clearing the cache , open the gallery app , it will automatically regenerate thumbnails .
the two are actually quite different . titanium backs up apps and settings only . nandroid backs up everything including the os . titanium is useful when messing with apps and settings , since you have the option of restoring only what you want . nandroid backups are largely for when you totally b0rk your phone and need to restore it to a more or less pristine state . the biggest difference is that titanium requires a working android installation , while nandroid only requires a working cwm or other custom recovery . just to clarify , nandroid only backs up your /system , /data and a few other partitions . it does not backup your sd card . titanium backup may back up some of the stuff on your sd card , but not necessarily all of it , only data that associated with an app will be backed up ( and perhaps a few other things like photos and music ) .
there are multiple approaches to this . not all of them are available on all devices , so you might have to " skip " some . i will list them in the " order of their convenience " , i.e. easy and non-destructive things first : check settings→storage for some entry to delete/format the card connect your device to your computer via usb . if you are lucky , the card will be offered to it in ums mode . then use your computer 's tool to format the card ( take care to not use ntfs as file system , android can not handle it . to be on the safe side , cards usually ship with fat file systems ) remove the card from your device , and use a card-reader to attach it to your computer . format it using your computer 's tool , as described in the previous example . as many manufacturers decided to replace ums with mtp , if none of the above works for you a downgrade to an android version before 3 . x might bring back ums support . but that should be left as the very last ressort ; after all , a card reader comes cheap . depending on the device , there might even be possibilities to enable ums using a hack or a specific app ( provided the device is rooted ) , see e.g. enable usb mass storage mode in lg optimus 4x hd .
you can use sdisk . sdisk is a scriptable fdisk . or you can use fdisk . here is an example for a sdisk script :  sdisk /dev/sdcard/ &lt;&lt; EOF 0,400 EOF 
why would you have to look in the app settings ? just determine its location via certain organizational/explorer apps ( es explorer comes to mind ) , and voila , where it is—that is your answer .
i do not know about your method , which seems pretty complicated and you might have done something wrong . but here is the method i have followed and it worked like a charm .
highly doubtful . if the phone is using google play services , which every manufacturer must use and agree to a strict set of terms and conditions if they want their device to access the google play store , then chrome will be installed . it is one of google 's key apps , along with gmail , maps and so on .
you can see the password if your device is rooted , it is located in plain text at : /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf  normally your device will not connect to any secured and previously unknown wi-fi without your request . the only possible explanation for me is one of the following : you gave it to a friend who added the wi-fi for you ; you had another wi-fi with the same name/pass-phrase combination set up already .
do you have another android device ( like a phone , maybe ) that you had previously connected to that same wi-fi point ? android 4 , ice cream sandwich , ( and possibly older versions too , though i do not have any to hand to check ) has an option to sync saved wi-fi passwords between different android devices on the same google account . here 's the option under settings -> backup and reset on my phone : there are also apps that allow you to sync wi-fi passwords between your laptop and your android devices , though i assume you had know if you had one of those installed .
at a guess , you are actually connecting automatically to another nearby unsecured network rather than the secure network .
follow these simple steps to make sure whether the problem lies with your video or the application- try to update the app from the play store if available . after the update power off your device and wait for few minutes . ( 2-3 minutes max ) power on your device and open your app and check for any other video is it able to play or not ( from the start till the end ) . if the video is able to play then the problem lies with your video which you are trying to view as it might be blocked or censored in your country . if most of the videos are not playing and showing the same error then you need to have a follow up with the you tube support team with the video link and the device specifications .
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
have you heard of plan b ? plan b is your last resort to find your missing phone . this is the first and only ' find my phone ' app that you download after you have already lost your phone . having lookout on your phone is the best way to protect your phone and find it fast , but use plan b if you have already lost your phone and did not have lookout installed . ================= NOTE: Plan B only works with 2.0 - 2.3 versions of Android ================= 
i can suggest you to use my new last . fm scrobbler for android : wail beta , you can read about it on the google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemzin.android.wail wail beta will scrobble music you are listening via different players to your last . fm account , also #nowplaying is supported . at the moment , wail beta supports that list of music players : android music player , google play music , poweramp , sony experia music player , jetaudio , playerpro , shuttle music player , xiialive , liquid bear beta + some other players , but they was not tested . i will be happy to hear your feedback ! if you got any questions , email me at : artem . zinnatullin [ @ ] gmail . com or here on stackexchange
if you need just scrobbling , i recommend scrobble droid . it is only 45k . and works nicely with default music player for me . http://www.appbrain.com/app/scrobble-droid/net.jjc1138.android.scrobbler hubi
i recently switched to the doubletwister player on my android and was happy to notice that it has an option to scrobble to last . fm .
the easiest way is to install the official last . fm app , this will scrobble tracks played by the default android music player , as well as from many 3rd party audio players , like winamp . it does not work with some manufacturer customized music player apps ( for instance , samsung have modified the music player app on the galaxy s 's and scrobbling does not work from there ) . i use winamp to play my music on my phone , and that happily scrobbles via the last . fm app .
even on models that have a built-in flash , using it is not worth your time . point flashes almost always make the picture look bad , especially when the camera is a crappy phone camera . i suggest making sure the subject is well-lit instead . that all said , the screen is not bright enough for a flash . best case it would provide a little " ambient " lighting in a dark room and you had have to take the picture up close .
according to this page , you need to reset the watch to factory settings if you want to pair it with another device , each time you wish to switch phones or tablets .
i would reinstall the tf101 driver and install the android sdk drivers . this xda post has some additional info .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
have you tried manually choosing a network in Network &amp; Wireless , or manually setting the apns for your new carrier ? also , is the phone unlocked ? if it locked to another carrier , you will not be able to use it on your current carrier until it is unlocked .
a locked phone should stop you and prompt you for the network unlock key . since you do not get that prompt , either one of two things is happening : phone is permanently locked ( incorrect network unlock key entered too many times ) phone is unlocked do you have a third provider you can test , or borrow a sim card for ? the phone does not say " sim not recognized"/"please insert a sim card " so my guess is frequencies . what gsm frequencies are used for the new provider ? i had a phone ( euro-version openmoko freerunner ) that did not do one of the frequencies used for gsm in the us - it would work on 1900mhz but not 850mhz - which meant that i would not have signal when many other at and t users would .
i think i am answering little late , but i feel my pointers might solve the issue . but still not sure . please check in what mode you are ? i mean are you in WCDMA only , GSM only or GSM / WCDMA preferred mode ? the best for both 3g and 2g could be GSM / WCDMA preferred mode which can switch the signal based on the 2g or 3g network . so try to change to other modes also ( GSM only ( for 2g only signals ) or WCDMA only ( for 3g only signals ) ) . if still no help then follow the next step . backup all your data to sdcard or pc and try Factory data reset . do not do the Settings reset . because it will do a reset of other things ( like display , volume , etc ) . Factory data reset option do a reset of all the things in your phone . so make sure that all the data in your phone ( contacts , call log , sms , mms , market applications , etc ) backed up properly . if still no help take the phone to a nearest sony ericsson customer care center .
i had the same problem . after deleting a large ( 3 mb ) message it synced the inbox again . . . maybe this would work for you too ?
i deleted the account and re-added it . it is syncing again . not much of an answer , i suppose . . .
not sure if it does what you want to , but i use quick system info pro ( free ) . in this app , via " basic info " , you can get to the battery details , and check the " power usage " . this gives you a break-down on which processes are responsible for power usage in percentages . i have found it to be the most extensive monitoring application i could find . also , the dmesg and logcat viewer ( alos in the app ) might give you an indication which messages are exchanged and thus which application/thread is responsible for activity .
press power off and volume key down at the same time for 2 secs . . . it will take a screen shot . .
i know this is not the easiest way but if you are desperate you can do this . . . but before you do that , try hitting the power button slightly before you press down the volume-down key . if that does not work than maybe sony just overlooked this feature on the update .
press and hold power button and volume-down button exactly at the same time and hold them there until you take a screenshot . ( in ics ) i tried it now . and its working .
use monkeyrunner or run the ddms and take a screenshot . read more at how to take screenshots on an android device .
you could uninstall kies and the drivers completely , and then install the uk version of kies from here . ( make sure to select the uk as your location during install ) . this should allow you to perform the update , although it might not give you the language you want . this worked for me to get froyo on my vibrant before it was released in the us . alternatively you could try another european country that has had an official update released . you could also try flashing the latest european firmware via odin . xda has a guide on this ( see the upgrading section ) . this is risky if you do not follow the instructions closely and will void your warranty just like rooting , but i have used odin dozens of times on my vibrant with no issues .
here i found a detailed description how to unroot your asus tf101 transfomer . the procedure is not trivial and you need to follow several step , but most of them can be done through adb so there are chances that you can do it .
in most ( all ? ) cases , rooting voids your warranty . i would assume that in jurisdictions with sane laws , physical damage clearly caused by the dropping would still be covered ; they can not reasonably claim that the rooting caused the damage or would prevent them from fixing it . that said , most jurisdictions do not have sane technology laws , and most carriers seem to jump at any chance to screw people over for money . if they find out it is rooted , i would expect them to try to charge you the full cost . so unroot / flash stock if you can .
i have rooted every phone i have ever had and they never charge you for rooting it . as already commented , i doubt they even look . here are some examples : i used to have assurion and they never charged me for a rooted phone . i bought a phone one time , rooted it and returned it . never heard a peep from them .
i also faced that problem . after changing the motherboard it rectified . since it was done during warranty period , i did it free of cost . many peoples suffer this problem and it is clear that it is manufacturing defect .
the problem was that the ext3/ext4 filesystem on /dev/lvpool/system , normally mounted at /system , had a corrupt superblock . the fix was to connect to the phone with adb and run e2fsck manually , like so : after doing this , the reboot option in clockwordmod recovery brought cyanogenmod back up with no issues . a large amount of googling provided no guidance in this direction , so i am posting this q and a in the hopes that it saves someone else the chore of digging through forums and/or reinstalling their recovery and/or rom in vain .
most of the times , if not all , rooting is necessary to upgrade to a newer version , especially if it is unofficial ( custom rom ) . you also have much more power on your phone , but it has the drawback that the guarantee will be voided . in your case , i have found that it is easier to upgrade . you just need to install pc-companion and after you connect the device on it , it will download the latest update ( jelly bean ) . if i were you , i would download the update first and then i would root my phone . http://www.knowyourmobile.com/sony-ericsson/sony-xperia/17465/how-update-your-sony-xperia-arc-s-android-40
sony stopped with ics , it didnt release jellybean for arc s . if you are rooted and installed cwm recovery you can install jellybean custom rom . there are plenty of rom available here . just read the instruction before installing the roms . there are roms which are only for unlocked bootloader .
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
yes , the current verizon 4g phones all have support for the 3g network . as matthew read points out , it would not make sense until 4g coverage is available everywhere that 3g is . if you have an active data connection , your phone will get a new ip address when it lands on the new network ( 4g-> 3g or 3g-> 4g ) ; apps must be able to handle this event ( any app that can handle a temporary loss of data on a 3g network should be fine here ) this document from motorola 's developer site includes the following description : " as the connected device moves from cell to cell , it tries to maintain its network connection . it will generally be successful if the network type doesn’t change between cells . however , if the device moves into or out of the 4g coverage area , the data connection will be dropped and your ip address will change . because this can happen while an app has an active data connection open , android sends an android .net. connectivitymanager . connectivity_action broadcast whenever there is a change in the network . if your app needs to be aware of network changes , register for this broadcast . "
i am afraid this is not possible with htc email application . this email app sync the " inbox " folder automatically , but every other folder you have is not synced , the app gets all mail in the folder when you enter that folder to see what is inside . you have the option to use k9mail , a free e-mail client for android which supposedly has support for push mail and sync of multiple folders .
go to the email app select menu then select more then send n receive select download options under download options select ( all ) then go back n check the folders they should sync n you should see your emails .
if i open the mail app , when connected to exchange , i can then go to menu > folders and select a folder to view . it will the grab content from the folder allowing you to view it . if you have your settings configured for all mail then you should see emails in those other folders . my settings for mail are as follows under settings > send and receive : entire mail html as items arrive ( i have time set to an hour before and after my work schedule ) all smaller than 1 mb in order for each individual setting , that is what i have .
i use moxier mail , works much better and worth the money , it syncs all the exchange stuff and even provides access to the gal for contact lookups , plus the widget can display the configured synced folders only . good stuff . plus you can continue to use the pattern unlock .
absolutely , and it is very easy . this is the procedure for my samsung galaxy s ; other phones may be different : plug in the usb cable and a usb icon appears in the notification area at the top of the screen . pull down the notification and tap " usb connected " . tap " mount " on the dialog box that is displayed . two removable drives show up on my pc ; one for the built-in flash memory , and one for the expansion sd card .
on my htc desire you choose " disk drive " mode although you only see the sdcard not the internal memory .
one more thing to note , you cannot save directly to the phone . that is the main reason i still use a flash drive . i tried to make the switch but i did not like the fact that i had to save to my computer and then transfer the files to my phone .
identify the correct modem the galaxy s ii modems files usually contain a reference to the zone where they best apply . in your case , the first reference letter should be " j " , that appears just after the phone model . official firmware : july 2012 middle east united arab emirates xsg - i9100jplpf/i9100ojplpc/i9100xxlpx ics 4.0.3 israel cellcom cel - i9100tjikg3/i9100tcelkg3/i9100tjikg1 you can also find out your modem version by accessing the " about phone " menu option . the value of " baseband " is your modem version . modem file the file modem_i9100tjiki2.7z should be the most appropriated for your location . references samsung galaxy s2 firmware updates via kies official releases compiled list galaxy s 2 shipped modem collection
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
while i was not able to directly address the issue , i found an app called screen control that can modify screen timeout and brightness settings for all applications . . . using this to reset things and then uninstalling it seems to have done the trick .
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
you might also want to look at other free replacements to google apps . the android fork replicant has a list of them , e.g. : playstore : f-droid gmail : k-9 mail google maps : osmand many more listed there .
greenify uses the android command " am " to stop an app and applies this command again if the app is wakened by any action whatsoever . that is what hibernating means . hibernated app will no longer start during phone boot , respond to registered intents or be triggered by alarms from the system . everything it does is temporary . the am command does not touch the installed files or any configuration information . this is citation from excellent explanation by lioux on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=40475823postcount=1200
i had the same problem with my wife 's phone ( lg g2x p999 ) . unfortunately you are going to have to master reset . . . . if it does not work from the settings , then reset manually ( hold power button and volume down till you see the android guy then let go ) after that your phone will be reset and the downloading issue will stop . read through these steps prior to resetting to ensure you do not lose anything you do not wanna . . . . hope this helped you http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-2521 should be the 5th link down where it says preparing for master reset
you will have to experiment with the apps to see if they play nice with your keyboard and spell-check behavior . i do not know if this is still the case , but previously , when i used go sms pro , i did not have desirable spell-correct behavior with my keyboard ( which was , ironically , go keyboard ) . my keyboard would display corrections if i went back to a word i already typed in applications such as gmail , facebook , etc . . . but this was not the case inside the go sms app .
although no one writes about this , the downsize of installing one of those apps is the fact of consuming more resources than the built in app . cons : more disk space used more ram used but the increase is so irrelevant that it does not even count as a downsize by most reviewers .
i can only comment on gosms which , while being a great app , has a few obvious issues . texting via gochat is , at best , unreliable . with both parties connected to hi-speed broadband , texts take their own sweet time to deliver . these texts should not expire but they do . given a certain amount of time , texts stay undelivered . if you have root access and are thinking of uninstalling the stock sms app ( which would be the logical thing to do ) , bear in mind that gosms notifications do not work hand in hand with the app 's ui . meaning , if you see a notification in the status bar and press on it , it will lead you to the main app interface but you may or may not see the actual message . this happens often when you receive more than one or two texts at the same time . strangely , even though you can not read the texts ( i assumed they were lost ) , you will have an irritating notification indicating that you have unread texts ( that you obviously can not read because they do not show up ) . having the stock app ensures that gosms shows all texts , unread or otherwise . also , when you have read the text in the stock app , the notification from gosms disappears . local backup only works when you are not connected , either via wi-fi or mobile data . with the latest version of the app , everything gets backed up to gocloud . this happens only if you have signed up with gochat . hope this helps .
if you know the app causing the loop , you can boot to " safe mode " and delete its cache . if it is still force-closing , do the same with its data , or even uninstall the app . for details , please refer to : what is safe mode ? how do i boot my samsung nexus s into safe mode ? how would you uninstall a rogue home ( launcher ) application ?
further to what izzy answered , if you cannot isolate the problem and want to factory reset , here 's what you can do : use google account to sync contact , settings and wifi passwords etc . use sms backup app to save sms to your sd card . save a list of apps using appbrain app . if you need full backup including app data , root your phone and install titanium backup . you will have to root it again after reset , but rooting for galaxy s2 is easy . here 's a guide .
issue solved boot in recovery mode > choose " wipe cache partition " and reboot . no need to factory reset and lose all data . long description i also suddenly had my samsung galaxy sii ( sgs2 gt-i9100 ) running android 2.3.4 with a rush of continuous force close pop up windows , a lot of apps that seemed to try to connect to internet would trigger a popup force close window , many apps crashed . i hardly managed to quickly close the popups and turn off the phone , removed the battery and turned it on again but the problem persisted and got worse so in the end i got this popup again and again : " the application logsprovider ( process com . sec . android . provider . logsprovider ) has stopped unexpectedly . please try again . force close . " and really had to try hard to close all those popups quickly to switch off the phone . i found the solution here which is : turn off the phone ( hold the power button if the power-off menu will not appear ) . boot in recovery mode ( holding volume up key + home key + power button at same time ) . choose the fourth option " wipe cache partition " ( using the volume keys to select option and then home button to excecute ) . allow to reboot normally and problem solved .
my maps should be bound to your account only . even if you upload them to google.com, they will still go to the same servers as google . ca , and should show up in your account either way . is there any particular reason you want this ?
if you are looking for a solution , i suggest downloading a third party keyboard . i am 95% sure each keyboard has its own dictionary . i use go keyboard , which i prefer over the stock android keyboard anyway , based on the larger letters and the period that does not hog most of the space where the keyboard should be .
this appears to be a bug in the 2.3.4 update . it is being tracked here .
correct answer was pointed to in the comments by rossc . thanks ! i am writing my own here since it is been a while and he did not write a proper answer i could have selected ( ! ) . i did a bit more research to expand on what he found , while also clarifying the original issue which was partly picnic . . . rossc wrote : according to here it may only be in the us and depend on what version you have . reddit.com/r/android/comments/14r6m7/… apparently the ' clock ' icon will do it reddit.com/r/android/comments/1p7d0w but i do not have that on mine . . . so the second link above gives the answer : on the device one cannot access the music search history from anywhere but thru the widget 's " clock " icon . since i only had the widget placed in the lockscreen so i did not see the icon while i was actually actively using my phone ( unlocked ) to look for its history . i can only access the history from the lockscreen widget , that is unless of course i put the widget on one of my panels , which is unnecessary since google now can also do music search ( just say " what is the song " or similar ) . apparently the music search is also unavailable in some countries , so ymmv . also , i found out here you can also access your sound search history on your desktop/laptop by logging into your google account and going to this hidden ( ? ) " auto-playlist " link ( i could not find anywhere in play music site ui ) : https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ap/sound-search hope this clears a few mysteries regarding sound searches and its widget .
my widget has the clock icon at far right which when pressed shows the history . maybe your screen is not wide enough for it ? their is a music search sync option in your google account settings in " accounts and sync " , although i do not think that is the issue . will keep researching .
well , if you would have read the instructions for the installation of eclipse ics , you would have seen that you are not to install the rom on top of gingerbread . that being said , have no fear . batman is here to save you . check out the trusty internets and get you a copy of this file . droidrazrutility1.6 . zip you will need to run this utility to restore back to factory ginger bread ( option 1 i believe ) . there are guides for this online . i can not find the source right now . basically you put the phone into ap fastboot mode while matt 's utility flashes it back to factory . then if you so desire , you can take the ota ics update . only then can you install safestrap and eclipse ics . hope this helps .
try searching with a file manager on your sd-card . i do not use Line myself , so i can not do this for you . i think there will be a folder named Line or something a-like on your sd-card . most likely there is a . nomedia file in this folder , which is the reason why the pictures and videos are not shown in the gallery app .
device storage/pictures/naver_line
pictures and videos from line app are stored under following directory . sd card -> android -> data -> jp . naver . line . android -> storage -> gallerybig all the audio files are placed under directory sd card -> android -> data > jp . naver . line . android -> cache > mo > ( folder ) > [ audio files ]
i do not believe that there is any way to do this . this must have been hard coded into the google now app - as that is the only way they will act like this . the only way would be to contact google and ask them to change it in their app .
the most likely explanation is that the compressed file is corrupt . are you trying to uncompress a rar file , or a standard zip file ? rar extraction is only supported with certain processors . the easiest way to tell , is to try and extract the same zip file on a computer , and see what it says .
try remote web desktop application for android : remote web desktop
i suggest you try this app greenify , if you got rooted phone that is . anyway for general purpose you should check battery usage to find the culprit . and have them removed perhaps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenifyfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5vyxnpc2zlbmcuz3jlzw5pznkixq . .
it is tricky to know which ones drain battery life fast . before installing you can check comments to see if there are many complaining of that . after installing , either if you know your phone well enough and see a clear decrease in battery life then it could be the new software if nothing else change , or you can try and check the battery usage statistics .
you should use odin or hiemdall ( preferred ) to flash a new rom , and or flash a new partition table . it sounds like the partition 's have been erased , and as such should be remade by flashing a new rom .
there does not seem to be one right now . check samfirmware for official rom updates . ( note - that is not an official site , they just host the official firmwares ) . this site describes how to install a 2.1 arabic rom on a galaxy 5 . hope that helps .
you can install mirsal it is a prog that read arabic sms but for entire arabic rom . . if you find one plzzz inform me
it is up to the app . android provides mechanisms for app authors to specify different ui layouts for the different screen sizes ( roughly speaking : phones , 7in tablets , 10in tablets ) . this means that the app might rearrange its buttons or use larger sizes to fill a 7in screen , or it might do something more radical like switch to a two-pane layout ( such as gmail ) . iirc , most apps with a two-pane layout use it only in landscape mode on 7in screens , whereas they use it in either orientation on 10in screens and always use a one-pane layout on phones . unlike on pc , it is usual for android apps to be laid out using a resolution-independent unit ( which android calls display-independent pixels , or dp ) instead of specifying sizes in pixels , so that regardless of display resolution , buttons are always large enough to click on . there are a few exceptions ( app authors can still choose to work in pixels ) but those are in the minority : mostly games , since that is how pc game authors are used to working . even if the app is not specially designed to work with tablets , it'll still work . it just might look silly , with lots of empty space or oversized buttons , if the author did not consider or test that form factor . google play encourages developers to include screenshots on 7in and 10in tablets , so that is the first thing to look for . if you browse using the google play app on your device , it'll show you the screenshots for that device 's size first ( i.e. . it'll show the 7in screenshots if you are using a 7in tablet ) . many developers also explicitly mention tablet support in the app description , such as the first app you linked to ( notational acceleration ) .
have you tried doing a factory reset ? in my samsung galaxy s4 , it is in : System settings &gt; Acceounts &gt; Backup and reset &gt; Factory data reset . see if you can find something similar to your phone . warning : you will lose all your data when you do a factory reset . but since you uninstalled all your apps , it should not be any problem / issue .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear – the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
some research indicates that this is most likely done by revoking permissions to the apps you specify . specifically , the app needs android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED in order to run at startup . however , while this is the most likely situation , i can not speak for the exact functionality of startup manager . additionally , if you are concerned because the app 's description is not clear about how it works , you can alternatively use autostarts , an open-source android startup helper tool which controls which intents actually get sent to which apps .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
vbr is not the problem here . i have had no problems playing vbr mp3 files in any music app .
yes , you can root it without installing a custom rom . the rooting instructions on this site just tell you to install a custom recovery , which can install su for you .
yesterday i tried with the howto ( how do i root my nexus 7 ? ) and now i have a rooted nexus 7 ! well , i discovered , the " oem unlock " is not necessary , since the device was already unlocked . . . : ) thank you all for your help ! greetings luca , with a rooted nexus ! : )
are you using the galaxy nexus ? on your home screen you will see the " google search " bar . on the right , inside this bar , you will see a microphone symbol . tap it . i believe you are stuck going back to this screen .
at the moment . . . no man , but be sure , there would be a way !
as they are user-installed apps , thy should be user-uninstallable . not being shown in the list of installed apps complicates things a little , but should not make them impossible : as you developed the apps yourself , you will for sure know their package names ( i will use com.package.name in my example ) . one-time setup your computer must have adb installed . as you say you develop yourself , you most likely will have the android sdk installed already ( for other readers : either install the android sdk , or check is there a minimal installation of adb ? if you do not need the full sdk ) . turn on usb debugging on your device ( if you not already have done so , that is ) connect your device to your computer your computer must be ready to deal with your device . for windows , you will need suitable drivers ( see universal android usb driver ) . on linux ( and most likely mac as well ) you just need to configure udev ( see is there a minimal installation of adb ? again ) . deal with the app above steps only need to be performed once to be able to deal with your device . now for the remove-part : connect your device to your computer with usb debugging enabled from a shell/cmd window , run adb shell pm uninstall com.package.name done . you optionally can add the -k parameter to pm uninstall if you just want to uninstall the app , but keep its data . edit : as dan pointed out in below comment , instead of using adb shell pm uninstall , you also could simply use adb uninstall ( which can count as an " alias " , and thus also supports the -k parameter ) . one more remark is : if you have already got some terminal app on your android device , you could also take this instead of adb , and simply use pm uninstall locally .
install titanium backup . hit menu key on device . under storage option click clean dalvik . might not free up much , but maybe a little
even if an app does not show up in the app drawer , it must still be listed in settings → apps . you can uninstall it from that screen . if it is not listed there , it really is not installed . uninstalled apps get their internal storage deleted automatically , but files they created can still take up space on your sd card . of course , it is also possible that they added content to other apps ( such as contacts ) which would continue to take up space .
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
the method above works , or did for me -- disable google , but i found out later that while it still lets google work as a search engine ( or does for me ) , it killed maps which means you can not use navigation . if you want to re-enable google , follow the same steps : setting , apps , all , then scroll to the bottom and you will find the disabled google . re-enable and maps works but you are back to the horrible google voice dialer . it is either/or ( good voice dial or maps/nav ) until google fixes the operating system .
i agree the google voice dialer is horrible ! i was able to restore the android voice commands on my droid razr maxx by doing the following : go to manage apps , then swipe over to all apps . look for google search then disable it . this is probably all you need to do , but i went about it probably the wrong way by also doing the following . in manage apps , click on your menu button and reset app preferences . ihe google search , click the " clear data " button . the next time i pressed my bluetooth call button , it asked if i want to complete it with my motospeak or voice commands , either always or just once . i selected always it works again !
i have a motorola droid , was getting great voice dialing using my bt voyager pro via the " voice commands " app ( same as mic icon ) but after the android 4.2 update , google voice was activated and was a disaster . to fix this i went to Settings &gt; Apps&gt; Google search and deactivated it . this fixed my voice dialing problem ( went back to " voice commands" ) but the search ( magnifying glass icon ) on my phone went dead . i then went to the android store and downloaded/installed the new " google search " app . when i used voice dialing for the first time , it gave me the option of either using voice commands ( mic icon ) or google voice ( i think a read icon ) . i chose the first one and now it works as before . the search button is also working as intended . the above may sound trivial , but when one is driving and wants to make a call , having to hold your phone to type the number after 5 failed attempts to voice dial is the last thing you want to do .
go to Settings &gt; wireless and network &gt; mobile networks . in the network mode , select gsm only . i was having the same issue , and this step solved the problem .
if you do not install the google apps package the first time , you will not have access to anything that relies on google 's services framework . this means things like : google play google talk google maps the gmail application . . . etc , will not function on your device because they will lack the libraries needed to run . you do not need to re-install the google apps package every time you update cyanogenmod . it will essentially back up your current ones and then re-install them during the flashing process . simply flash the updated rom however you normally would .
there is only 2 times you will want/need to install gapps : on the initial install of cyanogenmod rom ( or pretty much any custom rom that does not have gapps integrated ) . since cm nightlies are the rom only you only need to install it once , every subsequent install of a nightly only overwrites the rom contents and does not touch gapps . when you know there is an updated gapps package . the gapps package itself is updated from time to time and you will usually want the most recent version installed . to be clear , all official cyanogenmod roms are the rom only with all google apps stripped out ( hence having to install gapps seperately ) . this was due to a cease and desist order from google to cyanogen back in 2009 to remove google apps from its roms . . . cm roms have been sans gapps since .
the system uses internal/device memory for a lot of things like . . . app data ( /data/data/* ) dalvik cache ( /data/dalvik-cache ) crash- and other system logs ( /data/anr , /data/dontpanic , /data/kernelpanics , /data/logger , /data/panicreports , /data/tombstones ) misc . caches and temporary locations of google services ( /data/backup , /data/local ) misc . system files ( /data/system ) installed apps not on sd ( /data/app ) and more . you can free some space by moving apps to sdcard ( if the apps support this ) . on a rooted device , you might be able to move even more ( e . g . dalvik cache , app data ) . but you will not be able to move all . you will not be able to " increase device 's memory storage " -- all you can do is to increase free storage , not the absolute number . as we had this topic quite often , please see related questions for possible actions , e.g. : phone memory full and it should not be my internal storage capacity is running low , what can i do ? how can i see which applications eat up disk space ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? other questions from the " related " section on this page
may not be relevant now . . . but i needed it now and solved . . . the link below solved my issue . no rooting or any hacking required . as it only clears the dump ( log files etc . ) , very less risky . ref : stackexchange-url here 's a very simple solution that works on my samsung galaxy s ii and note 1 ; i have no idea about other models : open the phone app and switch to keypad . dial *#9900# on the screen that appears , click on the button labelled " delete dumpstate/logcat " . i have restored about one gb of system space this way .
seesmic well designed , good for facebook , twitter and buzz .
seesmic and tweetdeck are good for spamming updates . if you use foursquare or picplz these both post the " intelligent " version of the checkin or picture to facebook while doing the normal text + link with twitter .
you can also get an app on facebook that will grab your twitter feed . that is what i do and it does a pretty good job .
if you have a bootloop ( samsung logo looping ) , it is because you messed up the rooting procedure . i had this problem when i tried to root a relative 's ace . since you have tried factory reset and it does not work , enter recovery mode and do factory reset . ( recovery mode : press and hold volume down + power button for 15 seconds , navigate up/down by volume button and power button to select ) . reboot and see if it fixes the issue . if it does not , there are two options : flash cwm from recovery ( here 's the cwm zip file to flash from stock recovery ) , then reboot to cwm and install a custom rom . this is what i did , as i wanted to load cm7 anyway . if you want stock , download odin , get stock firmware from sammobile . com or xda forums ( look for developmet section under your device specific forum ) and flash it .
android never removes applications from its memory , unless it has no memory left , then it initiates a low memory warning to unused applications and kills them when needed . . . android webviews ( the default android implementation of web browser ) consume lots of memory , and so is firefox 's implementation of their web browser . actually , gecko ( firefox 's rendering engine ) is much slower and a bigger memory consumer than android 's default webkit rendering engine . so when you exit firefox on your android , the memory is probably nearly full , the system kills it , but firefox has a mechanism that saves the urls of the previously opened tabs , and though it starts the application again ( and not resuming it ) it loads everything you left open again . . . and no , 512mb are no enough , android 2.3 takes approx 300mb to run .
having same issue , seems like instant messenger records in google contacts are treated as informational note and are not actually treated as info about accounts . the workaround is to explicitly combine contact entry with skype entry in phone - that makes skype actions ( chat , call , video call ) available when clicking contact 's photo in contact list . ps weirdly for contacts that have skype login saved in google contact i see skype option show up under google talk action . gives same " not found " message .
that is easily possible using tasker ( i do the same for selected reading apps to increase the timeout to 2min , while also having the 30s default for all other apps ) : condition : app ( select the apps you want to keep the screen active for ) task : display timeout ( configure the timeout interval using the sliders ) alternatively , in " task " you could also let tasker switching the keyguard off to disable the lock screen . at least concerning the display timeout adjustment , this might be possible with other automation apps as well , such as llama -- i am not sure , as i use tasker i do not use the others . though tasker might look a bit pricy ( ~5 eur ) and complicated , after you figured out how to use it you will find it worth every cent . until then , there is a free trial available on their homepage .
there must be some windows machine you could use for 10 minutes . follow this tutorial and you will be good : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=31986973postcount=21 unlocking bootloader 1 ) download the following file https://www.dropbox.com/s/pfhdbykms3imxr4/g330d%20a%20key%20to%20unlock.rar 2 ) go to settings> application> fast boot and " click off " 3 ) power off the phone ( to make sure pull out the battery about 5 seconds after switch off ) 4 ) enter to the fastboot mode by pressing ( volume down + power button ) about 15 seconds and connect cable to the computer 5 ) double click and open > > g330d一键解锁 . exe file form unlock folder that you downloaded 6 ) type the unlock code that you got form huawei official website and press if you did not yet , here is huawei official website to unlock bootloader ( it is easy to follow in english version ) > > > http://www.huaweidevice.com/worldwide/servicepolicy.do?method=toapplyunlock 7 ) it will automatically restart and your bootloader successfully unlocked install cwm 1 ) download the following file - https://www.dropbox.com/s/61a0e0553cu7wwt/recovery6.0.1.2_ascendg330d.rar 2 ) power off and pull out battery about 5 second 3 ) enter to the fastboot mode by pressing volume down + power button about 15 seconds and connect cable to the computer 4 ) run this recovery6.0.1.2_ascendg330d . exe file that you got from downloaded zip file . 5 ) there will be see in china lungaue in cmd . actually , i do not know what but type 1 and press enter 6 ) enter again 7 ) it will be reboot automatically and successfully installed cwm 8 ) to go to the cwm recovery , press volume up + power button after power off root 1 ) download the following file https://www.dropbox.com/s/2ytam587dakpdp9/root%20recovery.zip 2 ) copy the downloaded " root recovery . zip " file to the sd card 3 ) go to recovery and install zip from sd card 4 ) after reboot system , successfully rooted your phone .
as described in configuring adb for nexus 4 on ubuntu 11.10 , under linux it is important to be listed in either ~/.android/adb_usb.ini ( user based ) or /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules . syntax for both files differs : while in the first case it is sufficient to simply add the vendor id ( echo 0x18d1 &gt;&gt; ~/.android/adb_usb.ini for a nexus 4 ) , the entry for the udev rule is a bit more complex . details can be found in the linked question ( or rather its answers ) . im krlmlr 's case , it was not an " either-or " , but seemingly both parts were needed ( i never had that before , and i never even used the adb_usb.ini -- but that does not mean there are no such exceptions ) . by adding the device in both places ( which cannot hurt anyway ) , the device finally showed up . two additional remarks : after changing the udev rules , the udev service needs to be restarted to accept the changes . on ubuntu , this can be done via sudo service udev restart ( alternatively , you can simply force udev to reload its rules using udevadm control --reload-rules ) . if your device is still not detected , it most likely was plugged in while you did the changes ; you need to disconnect and reconnect the usb cable then . of course , usb debugging must be enabled in your device : ) example by krlmlr based on the following output of lsusb for the android device in question : Bus 002 Device 009: ID 2207:0010  it was necessary to create /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules as root with the following contents : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="2207", ATTR{idProduct}=="0010", MODE="0660", GROUP="plugdev"  and to create ~/.android/adb_usb.ini with the following contents : 0x2207  the first is required to allow regular users ( that belong to the group plugdev ) to access the device . note the permission mask 0660 instead of the frequently seen 0666 which is weaker from a point of view of security ( the latter allows " world " access , while the former only allows " user and group " access ) . the second is required so that adb attempts to talk to the device in the first place . after that : sudo chmod a+r /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules sudo udevadm control --reload-rules adb kill-server  and unplug+plug your android device . then , adb devices  finally showed the android device . remark by izzy : for my lg optimus 4x hd , it was sufficient to add one line to /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules: SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  maybe the SYMLINK option makes the difference that i did not need the extra entry in ~/.android/adb_usb.ini .
try to edit adb_usb . ini and add your device id you can find it by going to the device manager find the " android adb interface " double click on it go to the details tab , and on the " property " drop down menu select " hardware ids " on the box below it labeled " values " you should see something like " usb\vid_2207 and pid_0010 and mi_01" the numbers maybe different based on your device vendor id , for example my vendor id is "2207" no open the adb_usb . ini located on the folders below and add your device id in hex format for example my device id is "2207" i will put it there as "0x2207" it is usually located in xp : \documents and settings . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ windows 7: \users . android\ but if the folder doesnt exist try to create it by using cmd . and if the file adb_usb . ini also doesnt exist you can create it using notepad and only pasting only your device id and save it on the . android folder .
izzy’s answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original poster’s question , as he ran adb as root .
if you have root , i have created an app , appshare , that will do what you want . paid apps will most likely require you to add the google account that you purchased the app with to the secondary ( 'callum' ) account or else they will probably fail the licence check . this may vary from app to app though . you will have no problems with free apps though , and you should even be able to disable system apps such as gmail etc . to prevent kids messing with anything you do not want them to touch ! without root , i think the only way to do this is add your play account on the secondary account and add some sort of pin protection . although this means that your emails could be accessed on the second account , unless you then remove it after installing the desired app ( which will be a pain everytime ! ) .
as far as i know : not at all . each user account is strictly separated from another and there is no shared folder or app sharing concept at the moment . i have not checked your specific question in detail , however each user has their strictly separated userdata partition where everything is stored ( even their media , on nexus devices ) and cannot access any other 's data residing in their userdata section , which includes user installed apps ( they are in /data/app/ ) .
you can log into your play store account on the other profiles . ( make sure to set a purchase pin if it is on a kids account . ) that way they will have access to any apps you purchase .
core media formats table from official android developer site states that flac decoder is integrated and available by default in android 3.1 and newer versions . so if you want flac decoder for your stock media player , you either need to get your device upgraded to ics ( 4.0 ) or you can switch to another media player ( such as andless or winamp ) that has its own playback libraries to support multiple codec formats including flac .
i cannot find an option to do it easily but here are some solutions : you can export the contacts to your storage and import it to the right account . you can also share the contact by email for instance and send it to the right account . then just import it from your email . edit : if you have set up a default application for handling contacts intents ( for instance if another app such as outlook automatically imports the contacts ) , you will need to reset your intent associations . see how can i manage intent association with apps ? last option , you can use the contacts website ( on your computer ) which is in my opinion easier to use if you have multiple adjustments to make : https://www.google.com/contacts/
you will need to use odin . this blog has a guide for how to flash 2.1 . to summarize you put your phone in download mode , connect it to your pc , load the firmware into the appropriate field ( s ) in odin and hit start . the site has a link to firmware but if it does not work try samfirmware . com .
use a different email app that does not do it or allows you to shut it off .
it appears it is not possible , even on gmail.com, according to this answer . gmail does understand the " eom " tag at the end of the subject and will not prompt you about having an empty message body if that exists anywhere in the subject ( even if it is the only thing in the subject ) .
it seems that this behavior is present in all recent chinese roms from huawei and there is no way to disable it . however , i found a workaround for it ; the message only popsup if you have wifi and data enabled and you lose wifi connectivity . then your phone will ask if it is allowed to switch from wifi to data . so , if you make sure wifi is disabled before switching to data , it will not ask this question . to do so manually , takes a lot of time . luckily there is an app that can automate this task for you . here 's how : install the app ' llama ' from the market ( free ) and create these two events : the 1 second delay is necessary , else it does not work properly . what it does : switch off wifi as soon wifi disconnects from your wifi network and then enables data . this way , it does not show the popup and ' automatically ' switch to data . do not forget to manually enable wifi again if you are in reach again of your wifi network . if you want llama to automatically turn back wifi on as soon you get home/in reach of your wifi , you have to let it learn your location . read the help/documentention on how to do so . it is pretty easy to do : ) this ' fix ' works for me 9 out 10 times . give it a try , i hope it helps you .
this actually sounds pretty normal to me . if this screenshot was taken shortly after you woke up then it would make sense for the os to have used more battery , since the screen would have been off for a long while . i have owned several android phones , having worked for verizon wireless before becoming a developer , and i have never had an android phone that i would trust to leave unplugged at night . without fail , whenever i have done this ( always by accident ) whatever phone i was using lost a lot of charge by the time i woke up . having said that , i would check and see how frequently your phone is checking for new emails , as well as checking how often any other apps ( like news apps , facebook , whatever ) are refreshing in the background . checking your sync settings on any apps you are using , or even ones you may not be actively using , could make a big difference in battery life .
this issue gets pretty clear by the second screenshot , which i will repeat here : battery usage ( click image for larger variant ) please pay attention to its lower half , just below the graph , and let me point out some details : mobile network signal : this bar has no black , which means the radio was on all the time . further , the colors indicate a relatively weak signal ( see my answer here for details ) , which most likely caused the device to permanently watch out for a " stronger signal source " , powering up the radio for that , and consuming energy for this task . wi-fi : again , a continuous bar , so wifi was turned on the whole time , consuming energy again . interim result at this place : with all sync on ( as it is by default ) , the device would also permanently synchronize your data ( in intervals , of course ) – contacts , calendars , etc . pp . – which again consumes battery . awake : this bar clearly shows your device was not in " permanent standby " . you always find " blue spots " on it , even during your sleep period ( which most likely is , where the screen on graph is black but there are blue spots on the " awake " graph – i.e. most of the " last third" ) charging : continuous black , so no charger was connected . guess where the juice had to come from then : ) conclusion : pretty normal behaviour , though i cannot speak precisely how much battery-use would be normal ( that depends on too many factors unknown to me , as e.g. apps installed , sync intervals , " consumption specifications " of device components , and so on ) . if you feel it should last longer , consider switching to airplane mode at night ( or turning at least wifi off ) . there are even tools available which would automate this – some of them e.g. mentioned with my above linked answer .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
i connect with my samsung gsii with cm9 to my eduroam network in the university of alicante . here you have the link with instructions in english i followed on how to configure the wifi network : http://si.ua.es/en/wifi/eduroam/peap/eduroam-installation-for-android.html however , the issue is simple , you have to go to wifi settings , and add a new network manually , ssid will have to be " eduroam " and you will see that if you choose "802.1x eap " security setting , more settings will appear where you can insert the info provided in the link of your question . of course you will have to choose as ca certificate the one you installed already . i hope this helps . cheers
check that the following setting is ticked : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled also verify that the access point name settings are correct and the correct access point is chosen . you should be able to find the details of what it should be on the vodafone website . the settings are at : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> access point names
search for samba apps some of them allow you to select share folder
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
please try the following : select the duplicate contact edit the contact access the menu for the edit contact page , and select the join action select the contact you want to merge with from the suggested list , or search for the appropriate one . doing this will link the contacts .
to break the upper/lower limits of device settings , you had most likely need to tweak your rom , which requires the device to be rooted . i know there are some solutions for volume limits around ( "booster" ) , so i will not rule out they do exist here as well . to work around system settings at the " lower end " , as it is your intention , you might e.g. want to take a look at screen filter : applies a shade that acts as a dimmer to ensure your eyes do not hurt . far more powerful than android 's built-in brightness setting . great for low-light gaming , web browsing , and ebook reading . it even saves battery life for amoled displays ! so this app uses a trick by adding a semi-transparent layer on top of what is displayed , which makes the display appear " darker " . then there is also night mode , which has a similar goal ( and uses a similar method to reach it ) : night mode 's main goal is to reduce the brightness of your screen lower than you can achieve with the default settings . this application applies an overlay filter that acts as a dimmer to darken the screen and ensure your eyes do not hurt . pick your choice -- or check for another . where there are two , there might be more ( super dimmer , screen dimmer , screen filter , . . . ) . a playstore search will be your friend here ( note that that is also all what i did -- i did not use any of those solutions myself , so no guarantees : )
change the background colour to sepia which will appear less bright or even wear sunglasses !
you can change the brightness in the kindle app by touching the " aa " icon near the upper right . this will bring up the font , size and brightness settings , which you can then adjust to your liking .
go to viber app go to right bottom corner ; you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another click on it click on settings click on calls and messages uncheck free reply with viber there you go , you will not receive double sms notification .
go to viber , in the bottom corner you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another ( menu ) click on it , then click on settings , then on calls and messages , and you should find that option .
alternatively you can go to settings on your android phone , go to sound , then vibration intensity and you can turn notifications off , the only problem is you will lose it when you get text messages . but if you are using mainly whatsapp or viber it makes no odds .
i am not sure about the galaxy nexus , but the older galaxy models can output analog video through the headphone jack . the cable is similar to nokia ca-75u . since the phone is a google reference model without samsung 's addons , i am not sure if this works , but i would say it is worth a try .
i ended up getting the digital to analog converter off amazon . i tried the suggestion of onik but galaxy nexus has different 3.5mm jack than other galaxy phones . i even tried my old htc incredible video out cable that goes through a modified microusb but i did not fit the galaxy nexus microusb port . there was no solution , that i could find , for an analog video other than the digital to analog converter . i installed it today and it works perfectly so i my phone mirrors to my head units display without a hitch . the only trouble i ran into was powering the ac powered unit . i already had a dc to ac converter so i just plugged the ac power of the video converter box in to the power converter box and hit it away in my glove box ( many conversions , haha . ) it looks seamless until you open the glove box .
if your device is rooted , and you have a custom recovery installed : wipe the dalvik cache . next boot will take a little longer ( as the dalvik cache has to be rebuilt ) , but the problem should be gone . if the above is not an option , you could try to backup the affecgted apps and their data using e.g. helium backup , then uninstall the apps , and restore them ( including their data ) from their backup . this way their dalvik cache would be rebuilt as well , you do not lose your data , and helium can do that in a batch-process to save you a bunch of clicks .
doing a factory reset of your device may solve the problem . make sure that you do not restore from a back-up and set up your device as fresh . this would be a permanent fix for your problem . otherwise , 3rd-party apps will crash every time you update them . uninstalling and reinstalling is only a temporary fix . **back up important files to dropbox , google drive , etc .
the motorola razr has a sleep option which works like that so it is possible to do though it probably has to be done at rom level .
there really is nothing a " suspend " mode would give you over simply shutting the phone off , other than maybe a slightly faster resume vs . boot-up time . with that said , most android devices are engineered with battery life in mind . however a phone still must function as a phone , so cellular and data radios must be enabled , touch screens must respond to input , etc . all these things are a drain on the battery . there are many apps on the market that can help with mitigating this drain , especially when the battery is low on power . with an app like juice defender , for example , you can set up profiles that automate disabling data connectivity and only enabling it once in a while for short periods to check for e-mail , etc . there are lower level tweaks as well . custom kernels combined with 3rd-party roms allow you to underclock ( opposite of overclocking ) and undervolt the cpu when the phone is not actively in use , take advantage of different cpu governors that are more battery-friendly , etc . however these require a phone to be rooted , with an unlocked bootloader in order to install these custom kernels and roms .
you can place . m3u files anywhere on sdcard which is under reach of media scanner . playlist will be displayed in music player once media scanner will complete scanning sdcard . path of system-created playlists ( playlists are common to all music players ) : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxxx are random numbers . path can be slightly different based on android versions and devices . if you want to backup your playlists , i would recommend you to use titanium backup .
you nay also want to try using a variety of file transfer programs like soft data cable or es file explorer file manager ; both of which should be able to transfer via bluetooth , or over wifi ( ftp , etc ) if you connect them on the same network . another alternative may be using a usb hosting app such as stick mount but requires root access !
missed call will do repeat vibration patterns/notifications for sms ( per contact ) , missed/incoming phone calls ( per contact ) , battery , calendar events , device storage , etc . unfortunately this does not do voicemails , but if a missed call is good enough for you , then give it a shot . you can also set it up to do different patterns/notifications per contact for missed calls ( so alert you differently for a vip than everyone else ) .
i too have found the browser to be quite capable . examples of sites i have used recently : nytimes . com ( including annoying flash ads ) ; outlook web client ( requires zooming in before almost every " click " due to small controls ) ; admin interface for squarespace . com ( have not tried everything , but can reset user passwords , and other minor changes ) ; priceline.com; weather . gov and probably more . if you do not mind panning and zooming , it is quite tolerable , espcecially for something you can put in a shirt pocket . i have a moto droid with 2.2/froyo .
this is a very ' personal ' question . some websites can be a dealbreaker for you ( the banking website ) while most sites just work ( for me anyways ) . i would suggest to create a list of your most visited websites and check how they look from a mobile browser , and do test a couple of them .
i would say it is highly usable , i have for the most part stopped using a pc outside of work , my phone is now my primary browsing device . on the rare occasion a site does not render properly , or a particular video is not available on mobile ( this happens a lot on youtube ) you can email a link to the website to yourself to check when you are on computer in 3-4 clicks .
fyi , samsung is coming out with a galaxy s device that has a 7" screen . might want to check it out if all you want to do is browse internet . as far as browsing on the phone , i do not mind so much . i have an evo with the 4" screen and its not bad , but not as good as a netbook for high use internet browsing . my recommendation would be to get an android tablet or netbook for extended internet browsing . that is of course unless you are planning on consolidating devices . in that case i am sure you will enjoy the experience , but do not get a phone with a screen smaller than 4" . it sounds big and huge yes , and i thought that too , but seriously worth it for the extra viewing space . with android 2.2 , viewing flash sites is really easy now , you essentially select the flash to run as they appear on sites , flash does not automatically load . that is what i get with dolphin hd browser . pinch and zoom makes viewing sites fairly easy as well , use a browser that supports it . if you go this route you might have to find a setting that makes the website think you are browsing from a desktop system . otherwise there are some sites that will detect a mobile device and present you with that site . this might limit you ability to surf .
apart from the screen size , the thing that bothers me most is that it allows you only to open 4 tabs ( windows ) at most . for example , if i am browsing a news site , i first skim the main page and open the interesting headlines on new tabs , without losing the focus on the main page . i am so used to tabbed-browsing on firefox , it disturbs me not being able to do that on my phone . also , there should be an easy tapping gesture or shourtcut or something like that in order to navigate easily between tabs . but from rendering point of view , i think it definitely deserves five stars !
i think for mobile browsing in general , a lot of sites now have mobile versions which make surfing on your phone a lot easier . so , regardless of what device you are using , the mobile site is optimized for a small screen . now , in regards to the android browser ( or any other browser available in the android market ) , you can easily zoom in on areas of interest on the site , either by double tapping on the area you want to zoom , or by pinch zooming . and , i have never had any problem loading websites . so , issues with general browsing should be minimal .
i heavily use the android browser . offhand , i can not recall visiting any sites that froyo/2.2 has not been able to handle - even sites with mobile versions that i have switched to non-mobile . except video . there have been sites for which videos have been a problem . sometimes flash video , definitely the unsupported silverlight video . if anything , the device limitations of screen size or on-screen keyboards have been an issue - not the browser itself .
appdata on an android device is all data that is stored locally by an application except for the binaries of the application . so your saves , progress should be backed up , but not the app itself . it usually depends on the android operating system but it is generally what i said above .
only for samsung galaxy s ( but nevertheless very , very important ) : speed , speed , speed . my galaxy is much , much quicker in handling all things - the lag that was present in previous versions up and including 2.2 is completely gone . update : maybe not only for samsung galaxy s ( come to think of it ) , but i have only the samsung galaxy s at my disposal .
i am not aware of an official changelog anywhere , but you can look at the commit log on the git repository here . anything between the 2.2_r1.3 tag and the 2.2.1_r1 tag was a change added in 2.2.1 . the summary : it is basically just bugfixes , hence why it is a smaller increment ( as opposed to 2.2-&gt;2.3 , for example ) . note : if you are getting a 2.2.1 update from a carrier then they may have added other changes to their own software , so the above applies to the android os itself and not any additional components .
i believe that the official 1.2 update will only install on top of an official firmware ( 1.0 , 1.0.1 , 1.1.0 , ) and only with the stock recovery , not clockworkmod . you will need to revert your nook color to one of these " stock " firmware versions before trying to upgrade to 1.2 . alternatively , there are a few clockwork recovery- friendly versions of the 1.2 upgrade that will not require going back to stock first .
some android devices with usb-on-the-go ( or usb host mode ) support can use a usb ethernet adapter , when connected through a usb-on-the-go connector . if your device supports this , you can buy a usb ethernet adapter and connect it to your network that way . if your device does not support that , you can use reverse-tethering to connect your device through usb to your pc 's network connection ( the pc acts like a router ) . see the existing questions with this tag to learn more about that .
thats a strange error , currently there are 2 common problems with the couchdb install , is that it isnt currently supported on 2.3.3 and above is that your external storage isnt mounted on /sdcard/ ( or it is currently mounted as a drive ) are either of those true ? if so then they are already on https://github.com/couchbaselabs/couch-android-launcher/issues and i will update there when they are fixed , if not if you could run adb logcat it would be extremely useful cheers dale
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
perhaps a simple answer but if the author does not provide the sourcecode of the app und you know that it does not originate of a trusted source , you can not be sure that it is clean . if it is a high risk for you you probably should not use it .
i fixed it by flashing clockworkmod and the boot image manually . then , i used the volume down and power buttons to get into it . now , i am running android 4.0.4 ics again .
i have a samsung galaxy nexus running ics 4.0.4 . when i navigate to the settings-> accounts and synchronization screen and select an account ( specifically the account i use for google talk and the google play store ) those two apps are not present in the list of apps that can be enabled / disabled for background synchronization . if these apps are performing background synchronization , it is no longer a user settable option to disable it .
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
what happens is this , depending on the settings within sms app , ( really its actually mms app ) , ' delete old messages ' option delete old messages as limits are reached , if that was checked , then once it hits the threshold of 200 texts , android will wipe them , to make room for more incoming messages . now , if that was not checked , android does nothing but . . . it will slow down the handset to a crawl because it is loaded down with say , hundreds of messages , because android is keeping track of it . if you really care about your sms , it might be best to use sms backup restore and just back them up periodically .
this is not directly possible ( as noted in the comment below your question ) . you can let google save them to their cloud : go to : settings-> privacy and enable those two options : back up my data ( back up application data , wi-fi passwords , [ . . . ] ) automatic restore also , say yes when you are prompted if you want to restore data during the first time set up of your new sgs3 . if you have done the first time setup already withouth that option enabled , then maybe the automatic restore settings does it afterwards ( not tried yet , though ) .
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
you can not make the widget change from analogue to digital , but you can replace the analogue one from a digital one . hold your finger on the clock widget and drag it to the delete icon to remove it . then , to add a digital clock widget , go to the app drawer and click widgets , and find digital clock in the list . hold your finger on the digital clock to pick it up , and drag it where you like on the home screen .
try solve it with the android toolkit wich helped me . boot it via the program itself ( boot stock . . . . ) . you might need to install the drivers first ( the program helps you with it ) . see more here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1809195
if your cell phone or other android device is always booting into safe mode , follow the steps below . remove any case or gel skin from the phone . if the case is pressing on the menu key it can cause it to load into safe mode . remove the battery and sim card ( if present ) from the phone . wait at least 30 seconds . with the battery still out of the phone plug the phone into its wall charger . place the battery and sim card back into the computer . turn the phone back on . while the phone is loading do not press any keys or buttons . after the above steps have been followed your phone should be able to load into normal mode each time you start the phone . if the phone continues to load into safe mode an app you have recently installed may be preventing the phone from loading normally . remove any recently installed app on the phone and try the above steps again . finally , if the phone continues to load into safe mode after following all of the above steps we suggest performing a master reset , which will reset the phone and erase all settings and software . source : http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch001362.htm
i had the same problem . spent a night to fix it . first i thought it to be a software issue . . browsed and tried infinite fixes . i tried re seating flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . i tries to factory reset through boot loader . thought of flashing a different rom . dint work out for me . here is what worked for me . open the back panel of the tablet . https://www.ifixit.com/guide/nexus+7+power+%26+volume+button+cable+replacement/9926 flip up the retaining flap on the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' connecting to the mother board . do not pull out the cable now . be ready to pull out the cable . 3 . press the power button to switch on your tablet . 4 . the moment you see google logo , pull out ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . this will disconnect volume down key , which forces the tablet into bootloader . 5 . now the tablet is on in normal mode . 6 . plug the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' into its mother board socket . 7 . close the panel and enjoy using your tablet . be very careful with ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . a slight twist or bend will short the connections inside the cable . p . s : after powering on , try not to switch off the tablet . the volume down key might malfunction again and your tablet might go back to boot loader . charge it before the battery dies out . in worst case , you will have to repeat the above steps again . messing with the power keys cable is not always a good idea :d the volume down key and power key combination lets you to go into boot loader . so when volume down key is malfunctioning , your tablet might go for a toss . this could be for various reasons , a . volume key is abused b . volume key cable is damaged c . mother board is unable to supply enough power to volume keys . d . volume keys socket in the mother board is damaged .
vlc media player for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.videolan.vlc.betav7neon
to the date , there is no functionality to disable this feature . actually this was implemented to make it easier for the user to recognize and remeber the number easily . i did some search and found out that other people have the same problem as well . what i suggest is to move on to a custom dialer app which suit you the best , if this grouping feature really annoys you .
if you want sane information , i recommend sane commands : ) ( no offense meant , just kidding ) . so the question should read : how to obtain log information from an android device ? and now we are on the better side . there are multiple approaches which can be used : utilize apps to display ( color-coded ) log information utilize adb ( part of the android sdk ) to remotely extract the very same information use ssh from remote ( or a local terminal app ) to aquire the information directly from the device to fully handle this topic it takes more than this simple answer ( if interested , you can e.g. find more detailed information on many web sites , or in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android , which i had the honour to translate into german . there are probably many other sources as well . so i will just give a few examples here to get you started : utilizing apps the probably best known app in this context is alogcat , available for free in the playstore ( and the dev will happily accept your donation for the other variant of the same app ) . you will find a screenshot below 1 . the app allows you to filter the logs , to start/stop recording log messages , and even to store the recorded snippets to your sd-card -- of course in plain text , as you requested . another app in this section is log collector , which simply tries to grab the entire available log and send it via the share menu 2 . the android debug bridge ( adb ) the android software development kit ( sdk ) includes the adb command for various tasks . amongst many others , it offers the adb shell to execute commands on the device . using this , you can gather your desired log information as well : just prefix below commands with adb shell . command prompt on the device using a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator or terminal ide ) you can access the logs directly at the command prompt , locally on your device . a little more comfortable , this can be done running a ssh server ( e . g . droidsshd or dropbear ssh server ) on your device , and access it from your computer . this way you can work on a big screen , while investigating your logs . commands to access your log information there are a lot of powerful commands you can use to access your log information from the command line , and i will only give a few examples here . dmesg the dmesg command extracts the kernel log : logcat with logcat , you can access many logging information -- but most times , this will require root . it has some parameters to filter the information , e.g. by selecting the log buffer to read with -b . please read the information provided on the developers page on logcat for details . to give you two examples : logcat -b events would list up events , or logcat -b radio information on your device 's radio modul . dumpsys and dumpstate the two commands dumpsys and dumpstate give you detailed system information : bugreport and if you are too lazy to remember them all , simply use the bugreport command -- which calls all above and bundles it for a nice , humm , bug report to the developer . . . of course , you can redirect the output from all those commands to a file to copy to your computer , and in most cases you should do so -- as your screen buffer would be far too small to handle it all : bugreport &gt; /mnt/sdcard/bugreport.txt would be one example for that part .
for developers ( or other interested parties ) who need to parse this raw file , here are some resources : logcat ( the program that can output binary logs ) , it calls android_logger_list_read() to gather log entries : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/logcat/logcat.cpp information about android logging in general : http://elinux.org/android_logging_system the low-level logging library for reading/writing logs : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/liblog an utility to dump raw ( binary ) logs , optionally switching versions : https://lekensteyn.nl/files/logread.c kernel source for logger : https://github.com/android/kernel_common/blob/android-3.10/drivers/staging/android/logger.c the actual format of the log format is detailled at : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/include/log/logger.h a copy of the relevant parts , slightly annotated and re-ordered for your convenience : you can tell the differences versions apart by looking at the third and four byte . the format is apparently also dependent on the endianness of your platform . for v1 messages , __pad equals to 0 . v2 ( and v3 ) messages use 24 ( 0x18 ) . the msg field is interpreted as follows ( source ) : priority : 1 byte tag : 0 or more bytes literal \0 as separator message : 0 or more bytes literal \0 as terminator if this message is truncated , the trailing \0 may be missing .
yes . this is almost certainly a hardware problem and the touchscreen may need to be replaced .
the amount of scroll you get on a fling is based on the friction assigned to that flick action . in the stock browser the friction assigned to the vertical fling is really low . so your fling is not a command to get to the top / bottom of the page , there just is not enough friction to stop you from getting there . you can test this by finding an insanely long page and giving it a good fling . you will go pretty far but you will not reach the bottom . the chrome mobile application applies a bit more friction to the vertical fling , so that same mighty flick you got so much travel from in the stock browser will not get you quite as far in chrome mobile . all that aside , it would probably be worthwhile to send a request via the help page that google use the same friction coefficient on both apps for consistency .
uc browser or maxthon browser have the quick scroll/page down function .
i have got the same issue one week ago . today i flashed an aokp rom using cwm and finally everything runs well .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
i think you should be able to use adb on your phone while in recovery . adb devices should show something along the lines of YOUR_DEVICE recovery . once you have access to your device in recovery , you can mount the data partition using adb shell busybox mount /data and then you can use adb pull to pull data from the data partition , for example : adb pull /data/ phone_data/ will save the entire contents of your /data partition ( which includes apps , wifi settings and app preferences ) to phone_data in your current directory . if you want to pull data from your sd card for some reason , simply do adb pull /sdcard/ phone_sdcard/ . note : i prefer using twrp ( which you can find for your device here ) , so if any of the above steps do not work you should try using it .
with rooting there is no guarantee that you won ' lose your data , but in general it is safe . for rooting the htc legend it looks like the following is the best method : register with htc dev and unlock you bootloader get the acs htc super tools and drivers from here install the drivers unrar the super tools ensure your phone has usb debugging enabled plug phone into computer and run supertool . exe do options 1 and 3 ( in that order ) to root your phone download the s-off file from here move that file to the htcsupertoolv3\root\ folder where adb and fastboot are open a command prompt and navigate to the root folder where you put the s-off image from above run the following commands :  adb reboot bootloader   fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-legend.img  you are now rooted with a custom recovery . note : i do not have an htc legend and this is just a synthesis of research that i have done .
i finally worked out how to do this . i used z4root to gain root access and it worked perfectly . i was able to get the data i needed without any problems at all .
assuming you are speaking about the short message service : for sending pictures without text , that is done via a special " signal channel " , where exactly 160 bytes fit into a single package ( hence the limit of 160 chars ) . but when you want to include more ( more text , multi-media elements like pictures or video , or some other attachments ) , those " additional data " do not fit into this " package " – so your message is switched to mms . other than sms , mms are sent and received via mobile data ( often via a special access point configured in your device ) . so this is the reason why it requires your data plan to send " pictures with text": you basically switch to a different service . details can be found behind the links , if needed .
androidevolved has guides for rooting your motorola flipside . the easiest solution is to use superoneclick . download superoneclick , and extract it . connect your device to the computer . ensure that sd card is not mounted . if it is mounted , unmount it . enable usb debugging from phone –> settings –> application development –> development . open superoneclick . exe . click on universal tab if you are going to root any android device like nexus one , galaxy s , droid etc . click on samsung captivate if that is your phone . click on root tab and wait for the process to finish . [ this will take some time ] once completd , you would get a popup box that would confirm that rooting has been successful . restart your phone . source
try this : android forums - moto flipside you will probably find answers to almost all your questions in here .
there are sms apps in the market that allow you to customize notifications by sender . handcent sms is the one that i have used .
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
you might want as well to set an incognito tab as homepage , so that everytime you will open your default android browser , an incognito tab will open . here ' how : open stock/android 's default browser . open a new incognito tab goto settings > general set home page > current page . now you have an incognito page as your default page ( and it will autonatically open , when you open your browser ) .
i do not know about the default browser being able to -- but searching the playstore for incognito browser yielded a bunch of promising results : inbrowser promises to be a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience for android 1.6 and upwards including honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . looks like it knows nothing else than " incognito browsing " ( i.e. . no other mode ) . rated 4.3 stars with 2000+ votes , it sounds very promising . incognito private browser seems to be comparable . again a 4.3 star rating , but not yet 100 votes ( too new , i guess ) frost lite - private browser is a third example i want to mention here : rated 4.4 stars at about 1,500 votes it seems to be more feature-rich than aforementioned browsers ( e . g . offers tabbed browsing ) . for more details , just follow the links . for more examples , use the first link to my playstore search results . i would like very much to offer you a solution for the pre-installed browser as well -- but unfortunately , i a ) do not know any , and b ) i think it unlikely . of course i love to learn better -- so anybody , please correct me if i am wrong with my assumption : )
tl ; dr - naked browser is the only browser for android you can trust as truly private with each new browsing session . setting the android browser home page to the current page on an incognito browser does not actually start incognito mode . it just opens the static page that launches with incognito mode . you can tell because when you switch to the address bar , there is no incognito man logo . same when you open the tabs view . as per private browsing , none of those browsers give the authentic incognito mode features . test by doing a google search then exit the browser . relaunch and navigate back to google . when you focus on the search bar , if your previous search appears in purple in a drop down list , then obviously not all information is being destroyed between browsing sessions . my method : although not advertised as a private browser , naked browser has advanced privacy features that essentially allow you to start in incognito mode . this is the only browser i tried ( i spent hours testing different " private " browsers ) that actually started each session from scratch when the delete history on exit option was selected . you can also use a custom url for searching from the address bar , so by default all inquiries in my set up go through https://encrypted.google.com . bonuses : you can disable javascript and cookies as well . if you buy the pro version you can whitelist individual sites to allow cookies/javascript ( it is like a simplified noscript extension ! ) . there are also other detailed settings like custom actions for long pressing links that can be combined with gestures . for example , in my settings , long pressed links open in new tabs in the background , but if i follow through with a side swipe gesture , i will switch to the tab . i can also double tap and swipe up/down to reach the bottom/top of the page ( useful ! ) . a two finger swipe down will open a new tab and swiping left/right at the bottom will switch through background tabs . anyway ! all the basic privacy options are there in the free version , but i am so blown away ( still , almost a year later ) that i am gushing about how great naked browser ( pro ) is . not the prettiest browser but far and away the best ( and fastest ? ) !
from the jorte help pages : select menu \u2192 Settings \u2192 Data Syncronization if " select synsapplication " is not checked , tap on " select synsapplication " and have it checked . when the " calendar " item is checked , synchronizing will start immediately .
i think you will need a pc to achieve it as a media . first , android to pc , then , sync the files from pc to ipad via itunes . probably you should take this guide : how to transfer data from ipad to android
just another alternative to the ones they mentioned is bump bump is available for ios and android this app lets you share selected files by bumping your phones/tablets side by side . this requires both phones connected on the same wifi network . can also share files on your computer by going to a url and bumping with the space bar . if setup properly , it will be very convenient to use .
try using airdroid , works for me
the best way is to use the fast file transfer app from google play . it is really good , and you do not need internet .
if you have access to a computer , it might be easier to connect the galaxy tab and ipad to it via usb , mount both for file access ( not sure how this is done in apple world , but most android tablets and phones come with built-in features for accessing storage via usb , ) copy the files off the source device , and then copy them to the target . if you need to do this over wireless connection and have access to the internet ( either via cell data or wi-fi , ) third-party apps might be an easier solution . for example dropbox is free , available for both android and ios , but has a 300mb file size limit . google drive is another alternative , with a free 5gb storage , apps on both operating systems , with file size limit of 10gb each . there are a myriad other similar services that are available on both platforms , but all of them require internet connectivity , and usually an account . for direct device-to-device transfers there are fewer choices . airblue uses bluetooth connectivity on both ios and android devices for file transfer . unfortunately it is only available for jailbroken iphones via cydia store . here is another walk-through for file copying over wi-fi , but this requires for both android device to be rooted , and the ios device to be jailbroken . instructions from here are a bit dated , but do not require any rooting or jailbreaking of your devices , just a few apps that are freely available on google play store and itunes store .
sharable is a free to use smartphone and tablet and computer application that brilliantly facilitates file sharing between multiple operating system types . using this app , you can share files between phone/tablet running ios and android ; file can be share amongst phone/tablet or to and from computer running mac as well as windows . you can install the app on each of your devices and view the connected ones in your app’s dashboard . the next step is simply to decide which files to share and have them transferred over wifi . remember that the devices you use for transfer should all be connected over the same local wi-fi network . http://sharable.in/
i found sync settings for individual folders under settings - data usage - then left menu softkey , make sure " auto data sync " is selected . also , settings -accounts - email - settings -select exchange email acct , scroll down to " exchange active sync settings " lots of options for syncing , including individual sync settings for folders .
the gmail app does not have a contacts section -- you only see you contacts when typing in the to field or whatever . you should have a contacts app with your gmail contacts , if you are syncing them . to change your sync settings , look in Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync . if you are referring to the website , that is not an android question . but the mobile website does not have contacts on the left , you have to view the full site ( there is a link at the bottom of the mobile view ) .
make sure you have this --redirect-gateway in your configuration file . that option is documented on the openvpn man page
the milestone is an unofficial port , and usb tethering is not yet supported . there is a feature request on their issue tracker for this . the most recent comment on the above mentioned ticket indicates that it is been fixed as of 7.1.0-rc15 and should now be included .
i think a log reader would be able to help you . alogcat is a good , free one . here 's what i would try : install the app . run the alogcat app once to enable logging ( not sure if you really have to do this ) . repeat what you did before , to make the popup error message show up . run the alogcat app again , and check out the most recent logs . it'll probably be in red , and it should identify which app showed the message . hope that helps . update : your comment said that it did not help . i do not know any specific tools to monitor what app is downloading . i have used systempanel before to monitor the overall phone system . it will shows you upload/download network traffic for the whole phone , and it can also show you what apps are active . turn on monitoring in the app , go through the process again to get the error message , then check out which processes show as active during that period . you might be able to find the culprit that way . some screenshots of systempanel : system metrics showing recent network usage , and historical usage ( click images to enlarge ) with historical usage of an individual process , you might be able to correlate with the network traffic .
i have read in several websites that users with the samsung galaxy s3 are getting that exact same message when having mmses that fail to download ( probably old ones . . . ) . if possible , delete all and repeat the steps taken to get the message . if you do not get the message , the problem is solved and in the future we all know from where it is comming . my original comment on the question : further into that issue , other users of your device have reported the same message in relation to the mmses . do you have any mmses on your device ?
you may want to check textspansion that works for android https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.designatum_1393.textspansion i am not affiliated with the author although we make a text expansion software for windows .
but can i make text expansion play as nice on android-windows as on iphone-mac ? blueduino has a soft keyboard mode that allows to type text which is then expanded , it is seemless integration . it currently does not offer sync with text on your computer , i would consider this as one of the top next features though . it is in the google play store
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
i strongly recommend using appmonster ( or rather appmonster pro ) not only for this issue , but in general . it can create backups of all your installed apps , and the pro version even offers to do so automatically on each install/update . that way you cannot only transfer .apk files to another device ( as in your current case ) , but also have a fall-back available in case an update breaks stuff ( or removed features ) : as appmonster keeps multiple backups ( one per install/update ) , you can easily revert to any version previously installed . saved my day more than once .
if you are rooted you can go to /data/app in your file manager and can copy the files . if you are not rooted you can use any one of the following app apk extractor bluetooth app sender
try es file explorer under settings select app manager and select all apps . and select backup on the action bar below . a backup of all apps apk is created to your sd card probably under backups folder ( or check /set backup folder on your es file explorer , settings-> directory settings ) now you have got all apps apk . . you can either transfer them through bluetooth/wi-fi /usb connection you can select system apps too if your phone 's rooted
everything you have bought or installed from the play store is listed under your account . a lot of the time apps that have been withdrawn from the store are still visible to people who've used them before in this list : https://play.google.com/apps if you look down that list then you should be able to see the apps that you have installed before and push them to any of your devices .
i am not sure about manufacturer skins like samsung 's touchwiz , but aosp has the feature you are looking for . in google 's contacts app , for any contact entry , there is an option to send ' all calls to voicemail ' . when someone rings you with this enabled , it will ring for 5 to 15 seconds and , of course , go straight to voicemail . alternatively , you may want to look at this app . i have not tested it , so i cannot confirm that the behaviour between the two is identical .
this is a network function and no app will be able to perform the behaviour you are looking for . at best , you can create a custom " silent " ringtone for a known number . else , if you had prefer pressing the volume buttons will usually mute the ringing while giving the dialler the perception that the call remains unanswered .
that would be more of carrier dependent and network related , plus , the programmatic api is not well documented hence a lot of third party call blocking apps , inevitably , do send a reject/hangup upon receiving a blacklisted number . what the op is asking for , is actually , going down deeper into the nuts and bolts of telephony layer which is blocked off due to : proprietary nature of the binary supporting code that enables gsm/cdma telephony . proprietary chipset used for gsm/cdma communications at a low-level . if that was available and documented , there would be a lot of call-blocking apps on the play store , that can do the call-screening in the proper way that would be expected of . edit as an afterthought to this answer , a vital part should be noted - google blocked the MODIFY_PHONE_STATE permission in gingerbread 2.3.7 onwards ( it was available on earlier versions of android ) , see this issue which annoyed developers of those third party call blocking software , thus call-block will fail on newer versions of android , that permission is what enabled third party apps to send a reject/hangup upon receiving said blacklisted number .
i just turned off the vibration intensity for notifications . see : settings > sounds > vibration intensity > notification
this is for galaxy nexus , but if you long press the power button , it should create a prompt that allows you to switch between silent mode , vibrate mode , and sound mode .
you can not put the device in silent mode using the volume hard keys . presumably the designers thought it was more commonplace to set the device to vibrate only . to make the s iii completely silent , pull down the notification panel , tap the sound shortcut at the top to switch it to vibrate , then tap it again to switch it to mute . ( a third tap sets it back to * sound . ) if you have removed that shortcut from the notification panel , you can add it again . open the settings app , click display , then notification panel . there you can long-tap to pick up sound from the available buttons list , and drop it in notification panel .
this is now addressed in google+ v4.1 4 . location sharing includes more controls starting today you can share your pinpoint or city-level location with others ( if you want ) , and you can do so on a circle-by-circle basis . for example : you can share your pinpoint location with family , and your city-level location with co-workers . you can also use circles to filter who appears on your “locations” map . it’s rolling out to google play over the next few days ( goo . gl/xaxmx ) . . .
upload to google drive . download google drive on your device . find file in google drive tap ( i ) next to file " download a copy " will dl to internal storage .
even if you have no sd card , you can use the apps provided by reputed cloud services to store your data . in order to do this , you have to have at least some amount of memory in your device as you have to download them into your phone before you upload them to cloud services . ( there are apps that facilitate remote file downloads 1 as well ) . some of the best apps out there are listed below . dropbox sky drive google drive or search the play store for more apps with those apps , you can save , view/listen , edit and share the files you have , without keeping them in your mobile device . 1 remote file downloading allows you to save the files in somewhere without downloading and re-uploading . all you have to do is to paste the file link in the relevant place .
i use dropbox with its auto upload pictures option . i can then download them from dropbox on my pc .
i assume you are talking about the youtube app . as far as i know videos are only preloaded when your phone is charging and connected to wifi . when a video is preloading it shows a little white arrow pointing down on the bottom right of the video ( when viewing your watch it later list ) . when it has fully preloaded it shows a green circle with a white down arrow in it . the files are stored in /sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . youtube/files/ then there will be another folder ( mine is seemingly random numbers ) . within this there is one file per preloaded video . as far as i can tell they are not able to be played with anything other than the youtube app . this screenshot shows videos that have been preloaded :
regarding the battery , there is an lte toggle on the market which might help . you can find a blog post about it here . this is a major culprit , and from what i have seen there is no native way to disable lte as you can wimax on sprint 's phones ( i do not own an thunderbolt , i have just been reading about them so i am not sure how accurate this is ) . that being said , battery life has been a pretty common complaint with the thunderbolt thus far . for text messages you could try a new sms client and see if it helps . handcent seems to be the popular choice ( i am a fan of it ) , but there is also some others like chompsms or go sms . it may be an issue you had need to bring up with verizon , though , if the problem persists across sms clients .
to fix the sms problems , rip out the battery for a few seconds , and put it back in . that should ( usually ) solve the problem . my thunderbolt had some really weird issues with sms when i first brought it home . the thunderbolt includes a toggle widget to turn automatic data sync on or off , which is very handy if you do not really need every single application checking constantly - that includes a bunch of htc widgets that you can not remove , and is the primary reason the battery dies so quickly . i ended up switching my phone to 3g mode most of the time , using an app called phone info , which does the same thing as the lte toggle app . that really helps with battery life - and verizon 's 3g network is pretty fast , so when i am on the go i do not really notice the difference .
you can basically upgrade the same way as the original installation ( flash the new rom from recovery ) . the general rule is : do a complete wipe for major releases , but just clear the caches for minor releases . see this cm forum topic .
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
you can not . the " international " version of the htc desire hd is not hardware compatible with t-mobile usa 's 3g frequency bands . the phone 's antennas support hspa on the 900 and 2100 mhz frequencies ( the north american gsm variants should work , though : source ) , and software settings will not have any effect on this . t-mobile 's 3g network uses : 850 mhz : acquired via a roaming agreement as part of the failed at and t merger 1700/2100 mhz aws : the device must support both of these frequencies to work because the 1700 band is used for uplink and the 2100 band is used for downlink . 1900 mhz as you can see , these do not line up ( excepting half of the aws band , which is not sufficient ) . you will need a new phone if you want 3g service . see can i use my device on a different carrier ? for suggestions on how to determine which phones will work .
there is no reason a class 10 card would not work . the card being faster should not break anything . i can find no evidence that the acer liquid metal detects and behaves badly with a fast card , or does not use the sd card specifications properly , or anything like that .
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
i have never seen such a file on ics . you could simply try to move the file to your pc and see if everything works . i think it is pretty safe to do so , because critical system files are usually not placed on the sd card .
i do not think it is normal> i had a similar issue on my samsung s2 . some people have reported that this was created by the generation of log files ( alog_* ) ; others from anr_history.txt . if you can root your device , you can safely delete these files . if you cannot root your device , then you need to factory restet the phone in order to wipe all the data .
i have a similar issue and excluded the posibility that ntfs is the problem since i tried everything on a fat32 partition . i think it has something to do with the drive geometry not being aligned properly thus the errors . ( in my situation , everything else ( oses ) work fine )
the one thing that sticks out from your question is that /sda3 is ntfs-formatted on /sda3 ( ntfs partition created in windows 7 ) and thus the android 's linux kernel panic ' s due to not understanding ntfs .
jes today i root my samsung galaxy s4 mini with kingo root it works .
i faced similar problem until recently i found the fix . i use vodafone 3g pack . if you are an android user , check the network and settings -> Access Point names in that check if apn is set to vodafone live . if yes , change it to default settings and it should be changed to vodafone mobile connect . also , then check the value of mcc and mnc . it should be as per country code and mobile operator . i didnt understand , why this changed on its own , but after making this change and rebooting phone , it worked for me . i hope this works for you too . .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
escape the $ in the sub-class name and it should work : another option is to instead send the intent that the power usage screen listens for : shell@android:/ # am start -a android.intent.action.POWER_USAGE_SUMMARY  you can find the intents by looking at the &lt;action&gt; tags in the androidmanifest . xml file for the settings " application " ( which can be viewed on github ) . as an example , here is the activity definition for the Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity:
hey tolomea . i could not find a widget that could do all that but i did find this app that can . world watch is an advanced world clock for an editable list of locations around the world . includes sunrise , sunset , dawn and dusk times for the current or a given calendar date . also includes weather conditions and a 4-day forecast . i have not used it since it is a paid app but looking at the description and the screenshots it looks like it can do everything you have asked for . i do not believe it is a widget but having a single icon on your home screen to launch it would be just as easy as having widgets . world watch
i am favoriting this question . i just installed diviclock widget this morning--http://www.appbrain.com/app/diviclock/divi.clock. it does not tick all of your boxes , but it has a 1x1 widget option ( which i wanted and saves a great deal of space ) plus the date ( also something i wanted ) , and you can have multiple instances for your different time zones .
thank you all . i got the solution here
if you can enter into recovery mode ( with power and volume up buttons pressed on startup ) try to restore a nandroid backup ( if made ) or flash a new rom . if you can not enter into recovery mode you need to reflash a stock rom using odin . you need to choose the right stock rom for your region . see xda-developers , it also contains a guide to flash these files with odin . then you can go on trying to update to ics or jb .
if it is running standard firmware , you should go to Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Security &gt; Lock Screen &gt; Screen Lock &gt; None . for the galaxy tab , i would presume it would be something similar to that .
i had the same issue and just figured it out . go to Settings -&gt; Lock Screen, then un-check the box next to Lock instantly with Power key ( 5th from the top ) . disregard the other suggestions offered . this is all you have to do to turn it off .
you can use google translate app , you can take photos which contain texts using the app and it'll detect it and translate it .
although the google translate app should take care of you in some cases , it does not always function properly in china . straight text conversion ( not images ) tends to work in most cases for me , but when i use the updated app and attempt to use local images or ones that i take at the time of translation ( two options ) it tends to give out a server error . of course , there is also the option to " write " it in yourself now so maybe you would be willing to give that a shot too .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
as dan suggested , you could simply remove the ap from your list of known networks . your device then would find it again , no problem – but it would no longer auto-connect to it until you do so once manually . and the latter point might be a little troublesome , in case you need that ap " from time to time " – as then you had also need to remove it manually each time you have used it . so if the latter is the case , you might wish to take a look at e.g. open wifi cleaner : removes open wifi networks from the saved networks list after disconnecting . notification reminders on connection/disconnection whitelist of open networks to keep settings saved using google android backup service with that app in use , and the ap in question not whitelisted , it would automatically be removed from your list of known networks whenever you decided to manually connect to it . simply whitelist other possible open aps you want to auto-connect to , so they would not be affected . another app with comparable functionality is wifi ap whitelist .
as far as i am aware , apps cannot be moved to an sd card . apps such as app2sd only move apps to ' external sd ' which is not your memory card .
on the play store there are several utilities to clean phone and speed up processes . my favourite is this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard your excessive use of system ram is ( maybe ) due to some persistently active process on your phone . follow this guide to see yours ( and maybe evaulate a uninstallation of some ) : http://www.wikihow.com/see-what-apps-are-currently-running-on-android by the way , can you please tell us more information about your android version ? best regards , luca
had the same problem with my kids profile . finally solved , but it required root grants ! this is what i did : close all running [ app ] instances . from command prompt start adb shell : c:> adb shell switch to root user ( your device must be rooted ) : shell> su go to in target profile directory : root> cd /data/user/ [ profile_user_id ] for example : profile_user_id==10 for first restricted profile . rename directory ( to have a back up copy ) root> mv [ app_dir ] [ app_dir ] . old copy app data from main profile ( id=0 ) to new profile : root> cp -r /data/user/0/ [ app_dir ] . change owner for files just copied : root> find [ app_dir ] | xargs chown [ app_user ] : [ app_group ] restart device ( not sure if it is really needed ) . hope this helps .
you cannot upgrade the processor , however you can upgrade the kernel . find your device on forum . xda-developers . com and read , read , read , read , and read some more . it may sound scary , with the risk ofx bricking your device , but i assure you it is much easier than it would be to replace the processor . if cyanogenmod 9 is ported to your device , then you could even have a 4.0 update .
in Settings -&gt; Applications , in the permissions section , tap on Show All and under Network Communication there should be Receive data from internet if the application has requested push ( gcm ) permission . tested on 4.1.2 , labels and positions may differ .
you could try greenify . it is an app for hibernating apps so that they do not take up a lot of resources ; thus , improving battery life . however , it also lists apps in a way that lets you see which ones support gcm .
this is not possible . the reboot command requires root access .
these apps are not hidden . they were not meant to be launched . the example you mention - phase beam - is a live wallpaper . to use it long-press on your homescreen and select live wallpaper . there're many others that can not be accessed by the end user . they are meant to be used by another . usually to provide a feature in a plugin form .
the minimalistic text widget app allows you to launch any activity ( android speak for program ui module ) when you press it . within the settings for the widget you can get to a list of all activities in the system .
these kind of snapshots are impossible without root access to the device . if that condition is met , simply follow-up to the backup tag-wiki , everything is described there already ( watch out for " nandroid" ) : nandroid usually is integrated with custom recoveries ( see also : recovery-menu ) . it creates images of all your device 's partition s . as your device is not in " operative mode " when this is done , this results in a " consistent system snapshot " as you describe in your question . those images can later be restored from within the very same recovery menu .
you should be able to use adb backup which is takes a complete backup of the phone . you will need to install the android sdk but this should allow you to backup the whole device backup there are a number of parameters you can supply but the simplest way to do a full backup is to run : adb backup -all -f C:\backup.ab more info can be found on this xda post which although it uses a galaxy nexus it should apply to any 4.0+ device restore with your device connected open your command prompt again , and type : adb restore C:\backup20111230.ab  replacing ' c:\backup20111230 . ab ' with the location of your backup file . you should see a screen like the one below : simply type in your current encryption password ( if you have set one ) , and the password with which the backup was encrypted ( if you chose to set a password ) , and the restore will begin . it again will take several minutes depending on the size of the backup and the options chosen .
you can try this : go into settings> application manager and locate your keyboard . this could be listed a few different ways , depending on your phone . for example , i am using swift key so that is what mine is listed under . it could say software keyboard , or whatever for your hardware keyboard . anyway , once you find it , tap the button to clear the cache . unless you have a bunch of custom settings you are probably safe to clear data as well . once that is done give it another try . this will solve a lot of annoying keyboard issues , but as you said , who knows . it could be something else going on where a reset is your best bet . hope this helps !
i restored my phone to the factory defaults and had not had the problem in several weeks . unfortunately , the problem is back and i am left only to assume that my phone is defective .
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
the 1280x800 pixels count for the whole display , including the black bar for the buttons . google decided to stay flexible by moving physical buttons to the touch screen permanently . benefits : no capacitive buttons needed ( cheaper ? ) better user experience : rotating 90,180,270 degrees rotates also the virtual buttons less frame space ( the button 's space belongs to the screen now ) you can hide the buttons in full view ( e . g . , video playing ) maybe : avoid apples infamous rectangle with a single button tablet design patent
i would normally say ( but this does not apply to you , alas ) : just try a reboot if changes go unnoticed because the dalvik machine instance or the underlying system might have cached a former dns request . you could try adaway to manually add entries to your hosts file ( just to cross check if it does the same as you did manually ) .
this sounds exactly like this , down to ping working but not the browser . his eventual solution is quoted below : stupid question , but are you editing the file on the handset or just pushing the file that you posted here ? the one you posted is in dos format , so it has extra linefeed characters at the end of the line that could confuse a linux system . i do not know what you used to modify it , but you might want to check what kind of linefeed/newline characters it is using .
i think you need to flush dns on your android check this question android : flush dns , especially " go into settings -> applications -> network location -> clear data . "
try adding www.x.com, seeing that the browser automatically adds www , as far as i know . ( my school 's site for some reason does not automatically add www when using a desktop web browser , while it does get added on my android phone . )
can you install strace and compare the output running strace on ping with strace on the browser to see why dns lookups are being handled differently ? are you sure there is not persistent caching going on ? what is the ttl on your domain records ? android does not appear to use /etc/resolv . conf , but maybe there are some properties that control which apps use /etc/hosts and which go directly to dns lookup . https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!topic/android-platform/k2wr4waenei
if you are creating the hosts file on a windows machine , make sure each line is separated by an lf only ( not [ cr ] [ lf ] , only [ lf ] ) . you can verify that and create a proper hosts files using notepad++ .
not sure if this helps but i had a problem of an ignored hosts file and it was solved by a guy on this thread - the answer is to put a blank new line at the end of the file .
my suspicion would be that the browser is configured to work through a proxy . you might be able to tell using netstat -n or looking in the /proc/net/tcp ( or better yet , /proc/#browser_pid#/net/tcp ) what address it is actually connecting to . if that does not match your website 's address its likely you are going through an intermediary .
i was unable to resolve the issue through all types of hard/cold resets/reboots ( pwr+vol , pwr for 30 seconds , hard reset pin , etc ) , so i returned to amazon and received a working tablet today . it appears that mine was just doa .
do you have your contacts backed up ? try uninstalling facebook if that is installed . if this does not fix your problem then try the following . settings> applications> system applications> contacts sync adapter and press clear data , this error usually goes away . if this does not work , try clearing the data on settings> applications> system applications> contacts or settings> applications> system applications> contacts storage .
i was annoyed by the exact same problem , so i have programmed an app that automatically saves your wallpapers and your live wallpapers too . it makes it easy to revert to a previous wallpaper . it is called wallpaper saver and it is free in the play store . ( it does not require root access . )
i am not sure if it is the same on older systems , but on ics it appears to save directly to /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper . i set mine from the browser , pulled that file , then changed it to a . png extension and viola - it was the image i had set . it also appears that this file simply gets overwritten when you change your wallpaper , so i do not see a way to recover one once it is changed unless you have a copy of the image somewhere else . this also appears to be where it is saved on cyanogenmod 7 , so it is possible that this is the " standard " location ( certainly a good place to check , at least ) .
go to settings &#8594 ; storage and tap on the overflow menu in the top right ( on a device with a physical menu key , you may need to press that instead ) . this should bring up a menu item labeled " usb computer connection": tap on that , and it will give you a list with possible connection modes . uncheck everything that you do not intend to use . on my n5/cm11 there are only two options on this page : mtp and ptp . unchecking both causes the phone to simply charge when plugged into a pc . i have seen others that have an explicit " charge only " option , but i believe that is nonstandard .
you might try doing a manual update .
others are reporting similar issues . is your build number 4.06 , 4.08 or other ? i would suspect that if you missed the initial rollout you will have to wait a bit , since they would want to do it gradually and not overload the network . you might get prompted again later or they might enable manual upgrades at some point . verizon says you can update over wi-fi , though again it looks to be an automatic thing rather than manual , but maybe you will get a second notification if you connect to wi-fi .
issue only happens when ad-hoc is enabled . see here for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=872521
can you set the policy manually ? i am not sure if the nook has a limited set of settings , but on my galaxy s you can go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wifi settings -&gt; (Menu button) Advanced  and set it there .
you should already have it pre-installed and enabled on your phone . try saying " ok , google " from the home screen . the steps here should give you an idea of how to enable it if it does not work .
i recommend using the android emulator if you want to experiment with android without buying a device . liveandroid is not supported by google and it has not been updated in quite a while . it could be that your video card is not supported . i would also recommend using vmware player instead of virtualbox if you really want to use liveandroid .
i know this is late coming , but i designed a tool just for this purpose . i was having trouble with my droid , so i created this tool : realmb 's android certificate installer . i know it works with android 2.0 ( the os which runs on the droid ) , but i do not know for 1.5 or 1.6 . feel free to give it a try .
http://abtevrythng.blogspot.com/2010/06/adding-cer-certificates-on-your-android.html shows how to actually achieve this . worked fine for me . try it out .
for android 2.2 , the certificates ( without renaming or converting ) can be placed at the root of the sd card . to install : go to the settings/security menu , credential storage section . activate use secure credentials . click install from sd card . a menu will appear with the available certificates . click on each certificate to install . those certificates will then be available to the wifi system .
thanks to a pointer from pam , i waded through a number of potential solutions until i found one that seems to work : [ update ] although the steps appear to work , less than 24 hours later google now will automatically re-add your work address - even though you have not got it listed in google maps . from google now home screen tap your " menu " button to open the settings ( for my galaxy s3 its the far lower left button . ) tap " settings " and then turn google now to " off . " a confirmation box appears . check the button that says " also turn off location history . " click " turn off . " at the next screen , click " turn on " click " yes , i am in . " your " home " address should show as your current gps location . scroll down until you see a " magic wand " symbol in the lower right corner and tap it . click " places " ( it should show a #1 next to it . ) your home address should appear ( you can tap to edit this if not correct ) and " work " should be empty . you will have to re-enter any other personal settings but at least you can now edit your " work " location ( or just leave it blank )
try various steps mentioned in this discussion
strictly speaking , not really an odt editor , but google docs accepts odt and you can edit google docs on android . the file would have to be converted to google docs internal format then exported back to odt though .
opendocument reader is worth checking out . it will be really good but the save function does not work yet . they are still working on it so when that gets updated it will be far better than andropen as the interface is not cluttered so you can actually type on it easily ! you will be able to then save to dropbox , google drive , your email or where ever . . . update : not sure the programmers are ever going to fix it . they seem a bit odd .
currently there is not a single solution on android for editing odf files . but keep your heads up : the libreoffice team is working hard on an android version of the entire office suite ! though this is already " old news " , and has been heard about for at least half a year , the screenshots look very promising -- at least with a tablet in mind . which leaves us with the question : when libre office will be available for android smartphones ? if you read the information on the linked page ( which hopefully will be updated with more details when available ) , it very much looks like the standard debian answer : it is ready when it is ready .
there is andropen office andropen office is the world 's first port of openoffice for android . you can view , edit , export office documents using full features of the openoffice . andropen office has 6 components : writer ( a word processor ) calc ( spreadsheet ) impress ( presentation graphics ) draw ( drawing ) math ( equation editor ) base ( database ) * andropen office is forked project from the apache openoffice project . andropen office is not affiliated with the apache openoffice project .
a quick note , default app on android phone such as " qickoffice " should work . try opening the doc as ' open as ' then select quick office if available on your device .
zoho writer seems to support viewing and editing odt files ( only tested with a very simple document ) : . . . supports saving of documents in different formats like doc , docx , rtf , odt , txt , html and pdf though it seems to work awkwardly : can not directly open a file from disk , first step is importing the file . can not directly save file , must find a hidden " export " button first . google play reviewers have many strange bugs to report . after trying it for a few seconds i have noticed some strange redrawing issues .
one thing you can do is open the contacts application then press menu and go to " import/export " . from there , you import from sim card and import them to your google account . once you have imported all the contacts , open the google contacts manager and click on " more " , then select " find and merge duplicates " . you may have to go through and edit some manually if they have really different names . but then you can merge again if needed .
you can look into the logcat . open the logcat ( either in eclipse , or on cmd line- if the device is connected to your pc - or on your mobile itself , using any app which allows to view logcat ) . once logcat is available , launch the app - the log corresponding to " activitymanager " will display the activity started . it will usually be in the format : "Starting activity: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MAIN cat=[android.intent.category.LAUNCHER]..." . however technical this approach might be , this is - imho - the best way to achieve knowledge about the launching activity for any of the installed apps .
the best way seems to be to use apk extractor . you do not actually have to extract any apk , this app will display the qualified name for each installed app . this should cover all apps . if for some reason it can not find your app , look around on the sd card . if you are lucky , the app stores its data or settings in an folder that has the app 's qualified name somewhere in its path , like /mnt/sdcard/Android/data/net.sylark.apkextractor .
do not bother using kies or ota to update your phone . if you do , you will probably update it in the next decade . ( i am curious if ota worked in someone . . . ) just find an appropriate rom for your phone from a trusted forum ( eg xda ) and flash it using odin .
that option does not give or take the ability to see other people callerid , it only let 's you choose whether the people you are calling see your callerid or not .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
if you are simply trying to turn the screen off , like the normal single press of the power button on the droid does refer to this question : is there an app or widget that can replace my screen on and off button on my moto droid ? if you are trying to power down the phone you will need to have a rooted droid then you can install an app that give you a boot menu like quick boot or reboot manager , both of wich give you an option to turn the phone off .
no - as far as i can tell you can not change the menu in an application ( unless that application specifically has that feature ) . you could try downloading another browser like opera , firefox 4 , or dolphin ( just to name a few ) . that being said , if you still want to use the default browser , you can " long-press " on the address bar and a context menu will pop up with the option to " share page " . you can use that instead . hope this helps .
i had the same problem as op flashing to 4.4.3 on a nexus 7 16gb ( 2012 ) . my total storage as reported by the storage module of the settings app was like 6gb and running df from busybox/adb was reporting the same . this is clearly a partition table problem and not hidden files or anything else . i think that the problem was caused by several failed/aborted flashes that i did . i was able to fix it by reflashing from adb . in other words , i downloaded the latest image , decompressed it , and ran the flash_all.sh script . ( of course after running adb reboot-bootloader ) . for the record , i did not have to change the commands to fastboot format X . it would be nice to understand this problem better but for the time being , going from ~6gb to > 13gb of usable space is quite a relief .
i had the same issue on my n7 . the answer for me was to lock the boot loader , then unlock it again . hope this helps and saves some time instead of flashing the entire os .
if you download an external file viewer , root explorer , oi file manager . ect . then go to dcim on the phone or external sd card and there most likely is a file that is unknown when you click it and usually has several hundreds of megabytes take up on it , you can just delete it , also , it shoulf say thumb data
install google maps . under settings from menu select ' edit home or work '
nope i dont thing there is an app to do that . the game developer has to build a game such away that when game starts airplane mode has to start or even a setting for to change airplane mode on/off . as far as i know apps cannot block incoming calls . workaound is you can try callcontrol and schedule the time to block calls
you mean that you want to see the content/folders of the internal memory let me say : yes it is possible . and that , being said , you cannot see all the data in your android phone . how is it possible ? it is a lengthy process tough . download eclipse+ android sdk from here . install and configure remaining packages by referring from here . enable usb debugging of your android phone/tablet : [ as in android 2.3 gingerbread ] Your Home Screen-&gt;Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Application Settings-&gt;Development-&gt;USB Debugging.  simply connect the phone to the data cable and the data cable to your pc . on among the top panels of the eclipse ide , you shall see ddms . click it and it shall show some tabs above . select to enable " file explorer " . . . all the nodes shown below are your internal memory files/ folders , but with some root limitations . in case your device is not shown in file explorer . navigate to= Drive:\ANY_FOLDER\adt-bundle-windows-x86\sdk\platform-tools\abd.exe using command prompt . enter : adb devices -l now you shall see the response as : List of devices attached Samsung Galaxy Ace device  if you see it : go to ddms tab in eclipse ide . the folders are shown . if you cannot : then thats all what is possible and you have to suffice your curiosity till this point ! and the only alternative remains is rooting the device which can dangerous .
i use netcounter . it separates the wi-fi data usage from the 3g/4g data usage , and so far it has been very accurate ( at least on the mobile data ) .
i use stats free app . it shows 4g data in addition to 2g/3g and wi-fi .
first , let me say that network data counting in android is not so easy , because there is no api which provides this information in a clean way . the app developers have to work with some linux internals and other issues . this is why most traffic counting apps do not work on every hardware/software combination . for exaple i had an app that worked with eclair but stopped working with gingerbread on my galaxy s . android introduced long term evolution ( 4g ) support with api level 11 ( honeycomb ) . most traffic counters read their volume information from the underlying linux network interface . afaik there are only two interfaces , one for wifi and one 2g/3g/4g , which means : it will be hard to monitor 4g data separated from 2g/3g if a app says it monitors 2g/3g it is very likely that this also includes 4g androids 4g api is relatively new . support , including separate traffic counting ( if it is possible ) , will hit the apps in the near future . here is an example listing that shows the interfaces and their traffic on my galaxy s . pdp0 is the mobile and eth0 is the wifi iterface :
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
let 's print droid will print directly to wifi addressable pcl/postscript printers . it does not contain drivers for ink jets howoever .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
yes , an application can lead to a phone reboot , usually by combining a badly designed application and a bug in the framework . exemple : an application that registers an Account but no ContentHandler issue 5009
yes apps can reboot if giver permission , search for " public void reboot " on http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/powermanager.html
an app can certainly deliberately reboot the phone , depending on the permissions for the app in question and whether it has root privileges . an app can also force you phone to reboot if it bombs out and takes android down with it , particularly apps that interact with phone functionality ( volume adjustors , automatic task killers - which are a bad idea in general , location aware apps , etc ) if an app has the right permissions this can happen quite easily . so to sum up , yes , it is quite possible that an app could be causing the system to die and your phone to reboot . if you want to troubleshoot , you can use titanium backup to freeze one app at a time to see if that alleviates the issue , or you can just uninstall and then reinstall later on .
no . a quote from http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1663755 : note that this is the same pin or password that you use to unlock your phone without encryption , and cannot be set independently . edit : i found this on xda , but i think it might be risky and not worth the effort . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1680857
encpasschanger claims to do this , have not tested it though .
yes , you are able to set a different password for device encryption to the one you choose for screen unlock .
the encryption password does not have the be the same as the screen unlock pin . in fact , you can encrypt your device with a password without having any screen locking password/pin at all . ( this was initially the case with my newly installed device ) . if you think of a possible secure implementation it makes sense . the encryption passphrase is not directly used to encrypt your data . first , a key derivation function is applied to the passphrase . the resulting key is then used to encrypt the master key . ( this master key is used for disk encryption . ) changing the master key is not possible without re-encrypting all data which takes quite some time . what is possible , and much faster , is changing the passphrase that protects the master key . unlike the gplv2-licensed luks software , you can only specify one passphrase . requirements : superuser privileges . either a terminal application on your device or a computer which has adb . a good passphrase . instructions : enter the shell . this can be done by opening the terminal app or by running adb shell on your computer . ( see also 2 ) obtain root privileges by running su assuming your password to be Give Mom batteries , execute the following command : vdc cryptfs changepw 'Give Mom batteries'  if you have chose exotic characters for your passphrase , be sure to properly escape those . the passphrase has immediately changed , replacing the old one . you can reboot to check it yourself . i found these arguments by looking in the source code of vold , in particular commandlistener . cpp . this command has always been available since the introduction of disk encryption in ics :
all that host-based card emulation ( hce ) does is it enables app authors to support more hardware : that is , devices that do not have the necessary secure element hardware . developers of apps that previously made contactless transactions using the secure element will now be able to make their apps work on devices that do not have that hardware . however , using hce is less secure than using a hardware secure element , so it is likely that payment card operators will choose not to support this . secure payment cards the obstacle that stops you reading your own cards into your phone ( cloning the cards ) is not related to the phone 's technology : it is because the card is designed to prevent this . the card contains a secret number that can not be accessed via an nfc transaction . to be more precise , there is no sanctioned way to do this : security researchers and criminals have found ways to use flaws in the design to clone various contactless payment cards . i would not recommend doing this , as doing so may constitute a criminal offence where you are , and will almost certainly make you liable for your bank 's losses should anything go wrong . in summary : the only difference that hce makes is that if your bank already offers an app to do this , but it does not work on your phone , it might ( if your bank chooses ) work after you upgrade to android 4.4 . door cards , etc . unlike the high-security payment cards , with processors and secret numbers , door entry cards and tags and the like often just have an id , which they present to the card reader . such cards are already very easy to clone . the main obstacle has been getting the the phone to present the desired id , and hce means there may well be an explosion of apps that are made for just this use case . ( see also can i clone my ( mifare classic ) access card with an android device ? . ) however , the long-term result of this is likely to be that door entry systems are changed to use challenge-response protocols and thus become harder to clone .
i do not use this lookout app , so i cannot tell you whether it has this hint somewhere . but i can give you some clues how to " rule out innocent apps " , so you do not have to " remove all applications " . with some luck , this filtering leaves only a few candidates . first indicator you gave : it happens whenever i connect to wi-fi/3g . so it has to be a ) an app with " some wifi permission " , which also listens to the " network changed " broadcast ( to put it in easy words ) . so first let 's check for apps with matching permissions : guardian droid and permission explorer ( source : google play ) two helpful apps for this are guardian droid and permission explorer , as shown in the screenshots . they help you identify apps by permissions ( and also apps with excessive permissions ) . taking the permission explorer screenshot as a base here , your suspect app should be in one ( or more ) of the following groups : internet , access_network_state . most likely in both : it needs to know when internet is accessible ( so it is interested in the network state ) , and most likely wants to access it ( internet ) . with this check , you will have ruled out some apps already . probably not enough , as many/most apps will have the internet permission even when not requiring it themselves – to load ads . so the next step is to check which of the filtered apps are listening to the " network state changed " broadcast ( an indicator that your suspect does this is that the alert is triggered immediately when wifi was connected , if i understood you correctly ) . s2 apk viewer and app detective ( source : google play ) for this we take a look at s2 apk viewer and app detective . both of them allow to browse the manifest of your .apks ( apps ) . watch out for &lt;receiver&gt;s , which declare what broadcasts an app is interested in . by these steps , you will not end up with the single candidate , but rather with several . but at least you do not have to check them all . as a broadcast listener can alternatively be declared dynamically by code ( instead of in the manifest ) , our friend might not be listed in the " reduced set " having applied all filters , but must be amongst those left over by the first ( permission ) scan . whilest not completely solving your issue , i hope this at least helped narrowing down candidates to an acceptable level . as it turns out in this case , it still leaves ~200 candidates to check . so let me suggest something i should have thought of from the beginning : investigating android 's logs . there are multiple ways to do this , like using dedicated apps ( catlog , gemini logcat , and logcat extreme are good examples ) , or doing it via adb logcat ( requires adb to be setup on your computer , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . if something raises a security notification , it should show up in the logs at least as warning ( so you can restrict your investigation to this loglevel and higher ones ) . most of the logcat apps let you setup filters via their gui . for the command line tool , you can take a look at its help page . moreover , there is a nice article on " adb logcat " command arguments - output filters , which should be quite useful here . start the logcat viewer . if possible , clear " past entries " from the output , or set a mark ( if the app offers this ) . after that , connect to wifi . as soon as the warning pops up , stop log recording ( or set the " end mark" ) . now investigate the recorded lines . i am positive this leaves much less than ~200 candidates – and would not even be surprised you had end up with an exact hit .
i have a galaxy s4 , i went to the settings , clicked more , then clicked security , then the section that says security update service i only checked the via wi-fi only box , clicked the home screen , turned off my wifi , turned it back on , clicked that security message that was on the notification bar , an update option came up , i clicked the update , agreed to the terms and conditions and now it never shows up for me anymore ! ! i also unchecked the via wi-fi only box after it updated just for my preference but i do not think its needed
the problem is not really cm7 's fault . it sounds like you have an issue with the proximity sensor on the device . the screen should go black when you put the phone up to your ear . searching , i have found that this seems to be a common problem with the desire hd . you could try some things like recalibrating the sensor .
i think it depends on the pdf , if it is searchable or not , for ezpdf does have a search function that highlight the searched text , as you can see in the image below : screenshot ( click image for larger variant ) and there are many other applications that can highlight a searched text in pdf , like adobe reader , moonreader+ , quickoffice , etc .
settings> security> device administrators and you disables all administrators
this turned out to be a red herring for me . i just had to enter my password one last time to get rid of the lock screen . i had not pushed on an unlocked door . so go to settings-> security-> lock screen enter password
there is indeed a way to remove the lock screen while keeping the certificate : set a pattern lock and try to unlock the phone with a " bad pattern " for 5-10 times , it will show you an error message , now select " forgot pattern ? " and enter your gmail/password . after these steps the screen lock will be removed without removing the certificate . "
go to settings and go to more , which is below data usage option . then go to vpn and delete all vpns ( jus clear it all ) . it is that which is blocking that screen lock setting .
just delete all vpn profile . . it should fix ur problem
i just had that same issue today . go to Settings , and make sure you have removed foxfi as an administrator . go to Trusted credentials &gt; User &gt; and remove Foxfi . then go back into Settings &gt; Security &gt; and Clear credentials . it'll let you change the lock code then ! : )
same thing happened to me . all you have to do is go to " security " then go all the way down to " credential storage " then clear all credentials . than you can go back and it is all done .
you should be able to turn off the lock screen security somewhere in settings> security> screen lock and then change it to none or just a simple slide to unlock or whatever you want . this is how you get to it on my s3 , but yours should be similar no matter what phone you have . to fix your other issue , also in the security tab on my phone , there should be a tab called " device administrators . " when you go into this tab , it allows you to check and uncheck which apps have access . if you uncheck the app that is preventing you from changing this , it might solve your problem .
there is a simple solution to this one . first of all change password lock to pattern lock . then enter wrong pattern 5 times . you will see forgot password . click that and enter account details . then a screen will appear saying to change the lock type . simply hit the back button and it will be automatically set to none .
resolved solution , please check the below thread : http://control-search.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=1
if your foreground app is being closed without warning , the suspect is no other than kernel . it generally happens when kernel runs out of memory . in such case , kernel reclaims memory by killing other apps , otherwise the device would be crashed . in such situation , kernel does not respect multitasking ( apps with background services , apps having icon in status bar etc ) and in some cases , even foreground apps ( when its very critical ) . when kernel fails to do it due to cpu unavailability etc , the device really get crashed . this is how it works . in your case , one or more reasons are responsible : you have a load of lots of background running apps which draw lot of memory even during game play . the game requires more resources than your device hardware provides . its less likely because game runs most of times , but its possible that game does a lot of memory caching which outruns currently available memory . there is memory leakage bug in atleast one of your installed apps . when it comes to fully filled big storage , system requires somewhat more resources to locate a file in it , but it does not cause this type of problem . you can reduce memory card size or files in it to lower down performance impact , but its not recommended . its better to hunt down and remove always-running apps which are not extremely useful . even if its useful , you should find its alternative which does not always run in background . in the last , you can always install catlog to see what happened after game crash . if you find it as alien language , google it or ask here .
in such cases i would highly suggest to try to replicate the problem while usb debugging is enabled . install the android sdk which will give you the necessary tools to " logcat " what is happening . the messages might give you a clue what is causing the sudden shutdown of your application . after having installed the sdk you can simply start the logging through terminal/cmd by adb logcat a picture for illustration ( click to enlarge ) : as suggested it might be a problem with low ram . sony ericsson xperia s phones sometimes feel sluggish especially if you use a lot of " widgets " such as the timeline and media player widget on your homescreen as they are quite ressource intensive . this might be indirectly linked to the shutdown of your games if there are many background services running there just will not be enough free ram for the game .
download advance task killer from android market . then , open it , go to Settings and select auto task kill .
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
i can tell from my own experience . my father 's renault scenic got a integrated bluetooth module built in . i could successfully pair an iphone and control the music through the car 's radio controls . i think the radio 's display even showed the track title . with my new xperia mini pro i can also successfully pair with the radio but it is not possible to control the the music tracks through the radio 's controls . also the track names do not display . i need manually select the music track on the phone .
if the car unit support the a2dp and avrcp bluetooth profiles , it should be able to control your android music player app ; both my droid ( froyo 2.2.2 ) and my bionic ( gingerbread 2.3 ) honor the play/pause and forward/back controls on my sony mw600 headset . the android 2.3 compatibility definition states : 7.4.3 . bluetooth device implementations should include a bluetooth transceiver . device implementations that do include a bluetooth transceiver must enable the rfcomm-based bluetooth api as described in the sdk documentation [ resources , 32 ] . device implementations should implement relevant bluetooth profiles , such as a2dp , avrcp , obex , etc . as appropriate for the device . a2dp provides for streaming stereo content , avrcp provides for remote control support . wikipedia entry for bluetooth
kenwood just released head units compatible with android . the kdc-252 is the cheap model
the car audios which advertises compatibility with ipod/iphone ( ipod direct control ) are not compatible with android . if the head units are compatible with android , they will advertise it in features . i am writing this from personal experience . while connecting my galaxy s2 to my pioneer x3590ui the system displays unsupported or no audio ( in media device mode ) . if you switch the usb connection to mass storage mode , the system can detect the phone as a usb storage and can start playing media files on phone 's mass storage or sd card . i am mentioning about the music compatibility through usb . but if you have a unit with bluetooth , you can control music or even make calls on your phone with the head unit .
unfortunately , there currently are not any decks that allow you to control the music ( skip songs/albums/etc ) from the deck . you will need to do that on your phone . however you can stream the music from your phone to the deck so it plays through the car speakers over bluetooth ( with compatible devices ) or by using a direct audio cord . here 's an article that talks a little more about it : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/57050-android-ready-car-deck.html @matthew it depends on what kind of music files you have , typically bluetooth streaming is not extremely lossy , but if you are using flac or wav files there may be some loss ( nothing noticeable ) mp3s would stream at full quality though , no matter how you do it , bt should suit you just fine @matthewread what kind of deck does your dad have ? if you can find a deck that can control the android music player i would love to see it becausei looked high and low for one before i installed my system last winter
i suspect the android phone will just mount as a mass-storage device and play audio on the unit itself . the reason a lot of headunits state that they can control ipods , is because it is not as straight forward as treating an ipod as a mass-storage device because the files are encrypted and the device may not even be formatted as a fat formatted device . therefore , the easiest ( only ? ) method for the headunit manufacturers to access the music on an ipod is to implement the control protocol via the ipod connector .
if this is the stock system , then the only way to change it would be to root it and install a custom rom ( or remove the stock video app and replace it with a 3rd party video player ) .
most likely the video player registered a listener to be notified on " usb connected " . if you want to keep the app but get rid of that annoyance , the only way goes via root . you will not need a custom rom for that -- just an app like autorun manager pro which allows you to disable listeners of any app : as the screenshot shows , autorun manager lists up all apps along with their registered listeners . check here for your video player app , find the responsible listener , and remove the checkmark in front of it . that should do it . if you do so for some apps , and some day decide to remove autorun manager , your restrictions would persist unless you reset them before uninstalling arm ( the app has a " revert " option , and can even revert all changes at once ) . if you forgot that , and want to re-enable disabled listeners , the only way is to re-install the affected app ( not arm , that will not help as it remembered its actions in its settings , which are removed when you uninstall the app ) .
applications in the knox container are pushed using the samsung knox api 's . these api 's are usually consumed by mdm 's for " pushing apps " , and i do not believe are generally available . samsung has a free emm solution at https://www.samsungknox.com/en/solutions/try-knox#management-with-knox-emm which you can use for pushing applications into the knox container . ( as well as full mdm , and sso ! ) note that the container is considered a premium feature and must be licensed .
most phones work pretty fine with a little amount of water , but it also depends on your luck . my first android volume buttons stopped working after i played basketball with it in my pocket and sweat screwed it up . under warranty got it replaced .
i have a htc nexus one and carelessly ended up with it being immersed in three inches of river water in the bottom of a plastic bag for over an hour . i assumed that it would be write-off but dried it out anyway in the sunshine on the dashboard or the car and held it in the warm summer breeze for an hour on the journey home . i put the battery and cards back in and after a short period of irregular displays it worked perfectly . i was astonished !
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
there is no pre-configured repository for the phone to check . in order to avoid their servers being over-flooded with download requests , google along with manufacturers and carriers employ what is called a " staged roll-out . " once they initiate the roll-out for a given region , a specially crafted message that contains the actual download location of the firmware image is sent to the eligible phones . the carrier , manufacturer , and google can all initiate such messages . it depends on where you originally purchased the phone who will be responsible for the updates . this is driven by the phone 's model number . carrier-branded phones will most likely get the notifications from the carrier , otherwise the manufacturer will handle the upgrade roll-out . upgrades for nexus and google play edition lines are handled by google themselves , usually without manufacturer or carrier intervention ( with a rare exception of verizon galaxy nexus model . ) technically , it is possible to intercept such messages and extract the actual uri of the firmware file for manual download and installation , but you will be dependent on others to do that , if your device has not yet been made eligible for the upgrade . after a while , when the initial rush of upgrades is over , the manufacturer will usually host the firmware images on their own sites for anyone to download . it can take a while though .
i doubt this is a software issue but moreso a hardware issue . consider the following , newer phones typically have : bigger screens more antennas ( wifi n , 4g , nfc , etc . ) more sensors ( this includes cameras ) either more or more advanced of what is mentioned above . this comes at a cost , as each draws its own amperage . while it may be minuscule in an isolated system , when combined together these features present a non-negligible drain on the battery . and , while newer batteries will perform great , over time the battery will not hold the same charge as it once did , this is not a limitation of the phone but battery technology in general . i am specifically talking about lithium ion batteries right now , b/c that is the most common battery in phones today . while there are things you can do to mitigate the problem , such as staying in airplane mode throughout the day or buying power management apps for your phone , downgrading your os likely will not help much . if anything , it will provide old power management code , as well as no support for newer hardware . custom roms are a different story , and are not created equal . some may have modified code to provide better battery life , some may be performance focused and not taken battery life into account . some phones also have extended batteries available for them . i can not speak firsthand to their effectiveness , but i obtained one for my dell laptop and it made a huge difference . some people are reluctant to this approach because it changes the weight and/or profile of the phone , however one must weigh that against having it tethered to a charger all day as well .
as far as i know the reason for battery drain in your phone is because you are installing cyanogen roms and not stock roms or stock based roms . even the hardware or the chipsets of your phone is old . the android undergone many major changes from 2.1 to current 4.4.2 . the hardware or chipsets in newer phone were designed to consume less power than the older phones . in the os part newer android os were designed to consume less power . a stock ics installed phone consume less battery than the stock gb installed on the same phone . but however the battery drainage depends on the individual who use the phone . the custom roms based on the stock rom has more optimization than the cyanogen mod based . the cyanogen roms were mainly made to taste the newer android version in your phone as soon as the newer android version is released . these roms will have some bugs . on the other hand the custom roms based on the stock roms have greater optimization with less crapwares and few mods for better performance . no , the above points explain this that the newer android os has better battery performance . tl ; dr : in terms of battery performance : kitkat> jellybean> ics> gingerbread> froyo
mtp might not be reliable enough for that . several approaches i can offer : using on-board capabilities via adb this requires adb tools being available on your computer ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to meet this ) . now let 's see how to get the files over . open a command prompt , and ( optionally ) switch to the directory your adb executable is in make sure usb-debugging is activated on your device connect your device via usb assuming your sdcard is mounted/available as /sdcard on your device , let 's copy it with its contents : adb pull /sdcard /home/chris/android/sdcard  just adjust the path to your needs ; ) using an app with a more user-friendly gui i use foldersync to keep several directories backed-up . the big pro of this approach is : even if your device hard-crashes one day , you still have a quite up-to-date backup of all files on your computer . foldersync : main screen , folder pairs ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) foldersync supports a lot of services and protocols – not only cloud storage . you can easily use it with windows shares ( aka samba aka smb ) , or via scp on linux , or ftp with any server , amongst others . simply define folder pairs ( which directory on your device shall be kept in sync with which remote directory ) , and setup a schedule ( e . g . whenever connected to your home wifi , at 3 am ) , and there you go . with the pro version ( which i use ) you can even set it to " manual only " , and trigger it via tasker . of course , you also can set it to " manual " , and then initiate the transfer whenever you find it useful . being a " sync tool " , it will always only copy those files needing to be copied – if the same file exists on both ends with the same content and timestamp , it does not need to be copied again ; ) other options plenty of them . more sync tools . or a remote manager like airdroid . or using a file manager with remote capabilities , like es file explorer . just to give you some ideas ; )
keep in mind that creating a copy of your data and destroying the original data is a not a backup , just a transport action . create a copy of you data on another device/usb stick from your phone and use the move command . this will create another ' copy ' and essentially makes sure you did not forgot anything to move . moving the data also ' deletes ' is from the original device . ( better save then sorry ) now make a list of all things you do not want them to get and make sure they are deleted/removed . after this execute a factory data reset ( from settings or boot menu ) and check you phone if its really clean .
keeping the microsd is probably the main thing , so since that is the plan already it is just the phone to go . i could not swear to this , but i used it when selling my g1: uninstall everything - except astro file browser or similar use astro to wipe out any app related folders remove astro use the " factory data reset " ( on 2.2 its under privacy ) power up and check it is greeting you as a new user power off remove sim card power up and check it does even less power off and send
as i understand it , factory reset only " deletes " user specific files and databases . they still could be recovered if not overwritten at least once . also internal android flash memory is partitioned into several areas with independent file system . some of these partitions are not directly writable . i would do the following : 1 . make a factory reset . 2 . install as many apps as possible to overwrite almost all of the data blocks in the " data " partition . 3 . make another factory reset . if there were a stock rom to overwrite the currently installed rom , i would reinstall that rom , too .
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
you need to set android-wifi-tether to give out ip addresses in a different subnet than the other networks your laptop connects to ( e . g . home , work ) . you can do this within its settings . you also need to set up your web server to listen on the given address . based on your description you are most likely using nginx ; in that case add listen 192.168.2.100:80; to the appropriate server block .
problem may be caused by http proxy server . proxies help to manage web traffic on the providers end , but can and probably will disrupt access to local addresses . proxy options may be available in your network settings , but on many phones these options are hidden . an app such as http proxy settings will give access to the hidden settings . simply clear out the hostname and port for un-proxied access . make sure to write down original values so changes can be undone .
i use the wakelock app when transferring data , to prevent my device going to sleep . it is simple but effective .
there is not anything built in but you can use an app such as changelog droid . you would need to add the apps you wish to be notified for to the observed list within the app .
it just can not be done . similarly whatsapp too does not work on non gsm devices .
yes . install viber on tablet . once it asks for phone number give any cell phone number where you can receive the confirmation code from viber service . try to activate the account . once you receive the activation code on the cell . . put the same activation code on the tablet and you are good to receive calls on the same device . make sure you do not activate this viber cellphone number on any other device .
continue to use the . nomedia file in your audio book directory and use a separate audio book player like mortplayer for listening to non-music audio files like audio books . personally i use mortplayer for audio books , beyondpod for podcasts and the built in music player for music and things go pretty smoothly . i do not have audio books messing up my playlists and beyondpod and mortplayer have features better suited to listening to audio books and podcasts , respectively .
i think that you visited malicious web page or your phone received malicious text message containing the factory reset maintenance code which does not ask for confirmation . http://www.androidcentral.com/major-security-vulnerability-samsung-phones-could-trigger-factory-reset-web-browser is the first link which i find quickly googling for it .
it sounds like your phone 's internal memory may be physically damaged or suffering from severe corruption ( such as many bad blocks ) . if that is the case , it may be mounting the system as read only which would prevent you from downloading and installing apps . if it is still under warranty , you should probably exchange it for a new one .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/samsung_galaxy_s_plus/gt-i9001 this might help , it might not . do let us know .
you should probably try to re-flash the recovery image to your phone via fastboot . just googling a little , or directly on the xda-developers . com forum you can find all the info you need , including links to recovery images for your model : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=839
you can check the list of mhl capable devices from the mhl consortium web site . http://www.mhlconsortium.org/productlist/
taking a look at the device specifications reveals : the sony bravia kdl-55hx820 gives you four hdmi ports at your disposal according to televisioninfo . com the dhd does not have video out capability according to htcdesirehdforum so while your tv would support it , your dhd will not . updating your device to any other android version will not change that : the hardware does not support it ( the dhd has no hdmi port , and its usb port is not mhl capable according to the information i found ) . with that pre-condition broken , all the other questions are rendered meaningless . but for curiousity : even if your android device 's screen can only display 400x800 resolution , the hdmi signal should carry the source resolution ( and not the screen resolution ) . so if you e.g. try displaying 720p , it would be " rendered down " to 400x800 for your device 's display , but if the hdmi connected device supports it fully , it would not be rendered down on the other end , to my understanding .
i really like apndroid and have not had problems with it at all . however , i have got an htc dream that is unlocked and running on at and t so it is pretty much guaranteed that i am not getting ota updates . you can always access your apn settings directly , so even if an update broke your apn settings , you should have been able to go in through Settings &gt; Wireless controls &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Access point names -- i have the option of manually adding one or more apns and a " reset to defaults " button that will restore the t-mobile apns my phone shipped with .
edit : rereading your question suggested i am pointing to the wrong direction altogether . try oneclick widget . it opens the settings where you have to un-check data traffic ( so , it is two click actually ) . this is the safe way to do it . quick settings , like apndroid , simply renames the apn thereby disabling/enabling it in one click . so , when you uninstall/update the app when the apn is renamed to something illegal , you will need to re configure your settings renaming the apn to the network provider 's default . turning on the data traffic takes time because of the handshaking required as a 2g/3g standard , so this cannot be avoided . note : my phone ( xperia x10 mini ) comes with several widgets : data traffic , power control , status switch ( same thing ! ) . so you might as well play with your phone 's stock apps before venturing outside .
according to this android forum post the sdutil app on the phone can be used enable " usb mass storage " mode on the device . this can be run through adb as : adb shell sdutil ums enable  however , it seems like this only works on older version of android ( circa 2010 ? ) , on my device ( which is not rooted ) , sdutil is not available ( or is hidden somewhere i cannot see like /sbin or /system/sbin ) .
look , i got tired of searching how to mount the drive automaticaly in ums mode , and the solution above is right . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/lm-2/gadget/lun0/file  search for the correct file /sys/device in your system . this way i can use tasker to auto-mount my device whe a usb connection is detected .
this app is designed to mount your phone as soon as it is plugged in . it seems to do your missing step . alternatively , this command ( found from this forum ) can be run on the phone ( ex . adb shell ) to turn on disk mode . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/lun0/file edit : this only appears to work in recovery . auto mount app
yes it should work with google cloud print . from : https://support.google.com/cloudprint/answer/1686197?rd=1 log in to your user account on the windows , mac , or linux computer . open google chrome . click the wrench icon on the browser toolbar . select settings . click the show advanced settings link . scroll down to the “google cloud print” section . click sign in to google cloud print . in the window that appears , sign in with your google account to enable the google cloud print connector . a printer confirmation message appears and click finish printer registration . you will see a confirmation that google cloud print has been enabled . click manage your printers to learn more . now when you have something to print , for example : some document in google drive , hit print button and your printer should show up . but your laptop must be on all the time and connected to printer .
the setting you are looking for is , most likely , found in settings &rarr ; development ( might be called " developer options" ; i know on some roms this option is initially hidden -- but if it is hidden in your case , it would be funny how that cpu overlay was activated ) . scroll down a bit there , and you should find the " monitoring " section -- where you probably checked to " show cpu load " . as the screenshots show , the settings item is sometimes called " development " and on other roms ( here : nexus ) " developer options " . simply check for something similar -- not sure if some manufacturer decided for a third term ; )
oh dear , the moment i offer a bounty on this question , i bump into the solution myself . cyanogenmod has a " dev tools " app . in " development settings " in this app , uncheck " show running processes " to make this go away .
default email app on my g2 supports imap , including encryption . i personally use k-9 , which is free .
do you use gmail ? or the default " e-mail app " ? which device you own ( samsung has another than stock google ) . but i remember , that both of them support imap .
following this worked : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=30206455 . basically i flashed zimage from fixrecovery . tar and removed my sim ( do not know why that works , it is probably not required ) .
you should try flashing a stock rom on your galaxy s with odin .
in android 2.1 and later , pressing a contact 's image in the contacts / dialer or sms app ( as well as others that support the protocol ) results in a small popup from where you can view the person 's contact info / send sms / dial their number or email them . looks like this :
your question is not very clear . can you clarify what it is you are asking ? when someone calls me on my droid , their contact picture ( assuming they have one ) is displayed while the phone is ringing and during the call ( unless the screen blanks from the proximity sensor ) . when i am viewing my contacts , i can tap a contact 's picture and i get several options to choose , depending on what apps i have installed and what information i have for the person . for example , for one of my contacts right now i see icons for call , sms , gmail , google talk , facebook , twitter , maps , and browser .
well i finally figured this out , after racking up 800mb of upload and 3.5mb of download with my exchange email over 2 days . . . i had tried to send someone an 8mb pdf and it never sent successfully . . . so it tried again , and again , and again , and again . the email was stuck in my outbox and could not be deleted . i would get " server error " messages ( derp ! ) . the solution was to de-couple the device from exchange , completely removing that account , thereby deleting the message , and then re-registering the device . now all is as it should be . . . long story short -- keep an eye on your outbox !
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
hmmm . did you definitely tick the ' transparent proxy ' option ? that tells it to make everything go through the proxy . another thing i have noticed when using it is that it can be quite specific with a proxy - my school uses microsoft tmg , and has the proxy as ' tmg ' in browsers , but proxydroid needs the full url to the system ( which is tmg . academy . ( myschoolwebsiteurl ) . co . uk )
another bug i noticed was that the auto-connect option has something to do with this . as soon as i ticked it , the ads started loading and the connection started . some bug .
task killing is never a solution when it comes to " preserving battery " . as you discovered , most things restart themselves automatically . what could help , however , is ( temporarily ) turn off all services you do not need -- after all , it is just for that one run , and ( as you already pointed out ) you can resign from some of them : do you need a data connection for runkeeper ? if not : switch it off , that would save the most . if it is really needed : disable account synchronization , and do the same for all apps which are periodically syncing ( e . g . rss reader and the like ) . while running , you will not pickup phone calls anyway -- switch off the radio ( if no data are needed : just switch to airplane mode . while in airplane mode , you still can enable some services separately , such as e.g. bluetooth and gps ) . big savings again minor things include bluetooth . i do not think you want to listen to music via a bt headset while running -- so switch it off . if you really need audio , use a wired headset . display : turn brightness down as much as possible . if it is rarely turned on , this might not have much effect -- but it contributes . some apps which you will not need " on the run " might offer to exit them completely . do so . this altogether should save a lot of juice -- and should preserve enough power for 5h runkeeper with gps , i would say . good luck , and have a successful double-marathon ( one for you running , and one for power-saving ; ) !
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
with emergency calls you can dial only emergency numbers like 911 , 112 etc , they differ from country to country . and afaik in absence of a network/signal the emergency call is made using the available network of any network provider in region . so the main purpose of " emergency call " button is that when in emergency you can dial emergency numbers without unlocking your device .
so what can i do to make android run faster and stop clogging all the data into the disk and force me to re-install monthly ? well , i do not have a hard-and-fast answer ( sorry ) . since you have experienced a similar issue with two different phones , i would not expect it to be an isolated hardware problem . in this case , i would try to isolate the problem by managing applications . that is , when you experience the problem , first try killing facebook . if that does not help ( after about 10 or 30 minutes ) , restart facebook and then kill messenger . if that does not help ( after about 10 or 30 minutes ) , restart messenger and then kill whatsapp . . . eventually , you should be able to isolate it to a particular app . also , the " wait 10 minutes or so " gives the device 's resource manager time to recover resources and stabilize . but you should see an effect almost immediately . in the worse case , you will need to wipe and then install each app individually . in this case , i am thinking malware is being planted by one of the apps ( either surreptitiously or accidentally ) . the way to isolate it is to install one app at a time and observe behavior . in all cases , this is probably not an android problem , so i probably would not take it out on the aosp project . similar happened to microsoft in the 1990s . for microsoft , the os was relatively stable ; but the third party drivers were causing a majority of the problems . and the os got blamed . ( and side stepping the os religion wars ) .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
i have had this happen to me before and a reboot was enough to fix it .
hold the widget with your thumb for some time then drag it to the main menu .
go to settings --> apps --> clear data and cache of launcher ( i think it is trebuchet ) .
you must distinguish security between programming errors that make a system less secure ( as in the article your referenced ) and the security-architecture . i am only writinge about security-architecture . android has a sandbox that shields the apps from each other and from sensitive os-features . on installation an android-app requires permissions to sensitive issues : access internet , files , adressbook , . . . . . . if the running app tries to access some sensitive api whre there are no permissions the app is aboarted . on unrooted devices the os does not allow to write to os-files . one app cannot access other apps ' private files . this is a good starting point for security . however there is no fine grained security : example : either an android app is allowed to access all internet or internet is not allowed . you can not restrict an android app to access only a certain url . there is no way that you can specify " ask me every time the app wants to access the internet . " the same applies to other sensitive issues as well : contacts , making sms-calls , accessing public folders in the filesystem , . . . . so as long there is no " allow on demand " feature in the os and no more fine grained security-settings for me android up to version 4 is not secure enough . but as an open source system it has the potential to become more secure over time . comparison to other mobile os . the dotnet-platform of windows mobile 6 and its predecessors down to ppc2003 also has a sandbox and much finer grained security settings . i am not shure how effective these are and if security modell still exists in the current system . i have an old motorola java-me phone that is quite secure because the manufacturer does not allow other apps to access sensitive functions as long as the app is not signed by motorola itself or one of its trust partners . there is no setting that allows me as the phone owner to disable this security . however other java-me-phone vendors have this option .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
as far as the safety of android , it depends a little more on the user . ios has a vetting process for their apps , so it is very hard for malware to get onto the app store . with android , it is much easier to put an app on the market . also , if the phone is configured to install from unknown sources , you can install software from anywhere . however , if someone is smart about the aps they install , it is not an issue . restrict app installation to the google play/market store and the amazon app store , or other trusted software companies . when you install from the google play/market , look at the number of downloads and the ratings - these provide an indication of how much you can trust the app .
i just double-checked mine , and it boots fine without the charger ( battery at 64% ) . i suspect your unit is faulty .
the reason could be insufficient permissions . an app cannot simply chose to create a directory below /data ( other than its own , /data/&lt;package_name&gt; , which is already created by the android system when the app is being installed ) . so this was why it failed in the first place . even after you used your " root powers " to create the /data/.ssh directory , and put a ( most likely empty ) known_hosts file there , the issue was probably the same : both where owned by the user who created them ( root ) , and the app might not have been able to enter the directory , let alone to write into the file . there are two possible solutions to this . the first you chose yourself was granting the app SUPER_USER privileges . if this is fine with you ( and you trust the app for that ) , your issue is gone with that . of course this requires the app to request the SUPER_USER permission , which it obviously does in your case . a more restrictive approach would have been granting the correct privileges to the directory and the file , by e.g. chown it to the app 's user , or chmod appropriately . if owned by that app , only this app would have access there , which would be the best solution . for this , you would first need to figure out the user , which could be done e.g. using ls -l /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( replace &lt;package_name&gt; with the package name of the app ) , and then do a chown -R &lt;user&gt;:&lt;group&gt; /data/.ssh .
you need to escalate the shell , since /data requires root permissions to access . after running adb shell , run su before running cd /data . the prompt should change from $ to # if it works .
if you had a pretty decent pc , you could try using the official android emulator from the android sdk . the only problem might be that with the current emulator , there is no graphic acceleration yet so game performance might not be so great , though google says it will be coming soon .
you might have to fidget with this one , and if you could get it working , it would be awesome . there is an android x86 project that you could use to boot android on your computer , and just play the games there . the builds they have up now come with a few games , and if you could install . apk files to it , then you could play all the games right there ! let us know if you do this , and how well it works !
for viewing the phone 's screen from your pc you could use a solution from this question : how to capture video stream from android phone screen and show it on laptop ? . you might be able to get up to 30 fps depending on the quality . a clever way to control the game externally , if you do not want to hold the phone , is to attach it to a gaming steering wheel :p sort of like the wiimote steering wheel attachment . as far as i am aware the emulator would be too slow and the only " android player " out there is for the blackberry playbook , not pc .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
good work on not upgrading to 2.2 yet for purposes of rooting ! as for your specific issue , you mention it happens when attempting to sync with facebook and then mention the reboots are random . are they random or a cause of a specific action ? my guess is they would be more random since as far as i know few people have problems with fb . although there was an issue on htc servers that caused fb sync to stop working awhile back . i do not think that issue caused any phones to reboot though . where did you buy your phone and did you get it brand new or used or refurb ? with random reboots i would think you could take it into sprint and have them look at it if you bout it new , since the likelihood you caused the reboot issue is slim . have you looked at the xda forums for help ? there are a lot of evo users there and they may be able to help , even if you are not rooted . also i would recommend rooting , check the xda forums . i do not think a single custom rom has any issues with fb syncing . not that rooting will necessarily fix your issues .
this worked well for me aswell , but not real smooth . choosing the optimus s from the " change device profile " makes the hotspot visible and works fine on the kindle . there is an error associated with the app when the hotspot is started with this profile that is annoying at the worst . it appears this profile is attempting to start the built in os hotspot app which fails as we knew it would . in doing all that , it all works out . . . . . thanks for the heads up . will be pinging a few developers for a cleaner solution since the combo does work , just not very well with avail hotspot apps/tools . until then , free is still going to get a donation for providing me with " a " option . ; )
i was able to figure it out . : ) after getting my phone rooted , i found this link : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail?name=wifi_tether_v3_1-pre113.apkcan=2q=label%3aexperimental all you have to do is download that code in the link into your phone . it takes you to an app , and you install it . this is an experimental ( beta ) version of the app , which uses infrastructure wifi -the updated version uses ad hoc . the beta version works great , and now i can get a great signal on my kindle fire from my phone , without having to root my kindle .
to detect tampering , firmware updates are signed and ( if you are using the recovery program that shipped with the phone ) the signature is verified before install . after a mandatory confirmation from you that the installation should start , after a reboot , the recovery program will first verify this signature and only then install the new firmware . note that you will always get a prompt for a rom update . besides allaying security concerns and giving you a bit more control over the proceedings , this gives you the opportunity to : make sure the battery is charged or that the phone is plugged into the mains . back up any data you fear may be lost should the upgrade go wrong . do a bit of research into the improvements in this firmware version , and decide whether it is worth your time . so yes , firmware updates are secure and even if you are concerned , an update to the actual os will not be installed without your confirmation .
the updates will not be installed automatically . the system will only notify you that the update is available . you can download and install them at your convenience .
i went to https://www.google.com/dashboard/b/0/ and found the section labeled " android device" ; that had a link labeled " more data stored about this device " . clicking that opened a popup window that showed a disappointingly short list of apps that had backed up some of their data : just some of the built-in apps from google .
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
from what i understand of sims , it is the sim that is " not registered on network " since i would guess you have not kept up the payments on it when not using it , having moved to a new one . if the phone works with your active sim , it should work with a new activated sim bought by the new owner , or an active sim moved from the new owner 's old phone . mind you , i have a phone with a useless sim slot that is on a non-sim network , so i might not have the right grasp of this , but that was what i had gathered about sim phones - that for all intents and purposes your account was as portable as the sim , and you could toss it into a phone and your account would follow ; or get another sim and have another account ( ie , a country-local one when traveling . )
the xoom dock has a connector to the usb port for audio and stability . the back of the dock has a stereo out port . here is a link detailing the innards and how to convert to a plain usb . http://wordpress.greghausman.com/2011/05/08/motorola-xoom-usb-dock/
lacking a better answer . . . from what i have seen so far on htc-dev and xda : htc-dev provides an online tool . you ' normally ' can register an account there ( with an e-mail address ) . the registration process had problems . maybe they were resolved , or identified . maybe you need to get help by moaning at them on their twitter account . failing that , you might be able to get someone on the xda forums to do it for you . they ( 3rd parties / xda folk ) are still using the htc site , just with an account that works . there is a 10 step process . presumably , they guide you through using things like adb and fastboot to extract a " token " , submit that token to htc 's online widget , and receive a " code " . the code is not something you enter , it is a binary that you . . put somewhere on the phone . it then gets run by . . . some kinda process , i guess . then some magic happens . the " code " is derived from the " token " . the " token " has a relation to the phone 's . . . model number and imei . maybe it is simply a concatenation of the two , maybe not . each " code " is unique to a " token " , which is theoretically unique to a phone . submitting a token will register it ( and hence the constituent imei and . . [ phone-hardware-id ] ) to your account . the htc-dev widget will generate invalid codes if you give it bad info . that might not break your phone . ( all of this jeopardizes/voids your warranty , of course ) there might be phones that need an ( ota/stock/signed 'sealed'delivered ) update before they can do any of this . they are pre-magic phones , locked with anti-magic bootloaders , lo .
unfortunately , without a backup of the app ( android 2.1+ needed for authenticator app after 0.62 ) that you had earlier , you will need the app apk from someone who still has it or hunt around for this old version . you can still use 2-step verification by opting to receive the verification code via sms or by using the one time codes that were generated when you originally signed up for 2-step verification .
the complete rss widget looks like it can get pretty dense . and , the app page says they will eventually support custom font sizes , which means you could make it denser . the widget is not free though , about $1.25 ( us ) .
talkandroid . com has this list of the top 5 rss readers for andoid here . greader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedr ( costs 1.99 ) fastreader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedsquares ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) newsrob ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials )
the access point supports wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) , which allows easier connections to the ap . you can long press the ap to use this feature . see wikipedia for more info .
i believe you are using the google launcher which has the voice command operations as well as the cards which you have mentioned ( i can not assure you that this answer will work because the root of the phone may hamper the application working but still you can try as these steps are common for all ) . and yes you will lose the cards as you are deleting the data but you will not loose if you clearing cache . clearing cache memory is no where related to any file getting deleted . cache memory is just a temporary storage which is used to speed up the loading of any application . if you clear the cache memory then your app may load slow only the first time later it loads fast . coming to the voice search crashing after " ok google " could be related with your mic problem or just a small software bug . follow these steps to pin-point the main reason of the issue first enable the speech output from settings> voice> speech output to make sure it is really detecting ok google and not something else . if it is detecting correctly then your microphone is correct . second after enabling the speech output you need to 1 ) force stop then 2 ) clear the cache . third make sure the area around the mic is clean and is free of any obstruction ( the mic could contain small and minute dust particles which need to be cleaned only by trained professionals , covered by some accessory ) . after that you shall be able to perform voice search directly without manually touching the microphone . if you still have the problem then you need to get in touch with the support team which is there in the play store bottom of the app page .
the ray 's 3.5mm jack only supports sound . it is not a microphone jack .
you can copy the music to any location on your phone , and the music player will detect the location automatically . al has posted how you can transfer your file with a pc and usb cable , if for some reason it does not work for you you can install awesome drop from the market and then use dashwire 's awesome drop to transfer the file using internet connection .
there are many ways to ( semi- ) automate the process . i am assuming you do not want to use an app to manage this . ( there are dozens . i expect some other answers will suggest some . ) i also assume that you know how to connect to your pc and turn on " usb storage " . just copy your music files to your sd card . the music player will find the tracks wherever you have them , but you should probably put them in a " music " subfolder so that you can find them easily . it is as simple as that .
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
i have no idea how to stop that behavior through os , and i found no reference either . connect it either to a ups if the drop out period is long otherwise connect it through a stabilizer if the current drops at a very higher rate , like a blinking of a bulb . otherwise i do not think it would be good for your phone 's charging system . you could also use usb charging .
it is probably doable , but i very much doubt that you can do this with the default ( unmodified ) factory firmware . custom firmwares such as cyanogenmod may allow you to do this . your mileage may vary and you may even need to modify or recompile these custom firmwares to get what you want .
the snoozy app will let you manage this . ( see this answer for details . )
i did not like this behavior either and even though i have a custom ( or more like modified ) stock rom ( removing the bloatware and rooting it ) it did not change this behavior . however , i found that setting the screen timeout to the lowest value of 15 seconds did the trick in that it would force the phone to go back to sleep by shutting off the screen in 15 seconds after it comes to life , this meant that there was minimal loss of power while unattended , maybe that would help you since there is no way to stop the behavior altogether .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
you will need to build the whole source using source build/envsetup.sh lunch make -j4 # change 4 to the number of cores+1  and then make a sd card image , detailed instructions for example here : http://nilvec.com/testing-an-android-image-built-from-source/
i have spoken with the measy the manufacturer of the rc12 , they claim their . kl for the rc12 is proprietary , so i was unable to get an actual layout to install in the system/usr/keylayout/vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl in order to map the keyboard/keyevents you need to figure out the vendor# and product# of any usb keyboard/mouse device . adb shell dmesg | grep usb this gives you the vendor/product#s . now you generate your own . kl file . my suggestion is to use the generic . kl file in the /system/usr/keylayout/generic . kl for reference . adb pull /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl  then modify it as you see fit and change the name to /vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl adb push /system/usr/keylayout/Vendor_XXXX_Product_XXXX.kl adb reboot 
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
when running adb without any commands , you get a list of possible commands , and here it is : adb sync [ &lt;directory&gt; ] - copy host-&gt;device only if changed (see 'adb help all')  looks pretty relevant to me : )
1wayjonny on xda has released a naked driver for some samsung devices . the driver itself will let your pc recognize your phone in adb , fb or apx mode .
while this may be extremely helpful , i believe that the only way to get this functionality would be to modify the google now app , or build the additional response into a custom rom using one of the tts modules . while it is by no means an optimal solution , you could try third-party voice action apps like vlingo or jeannie to see if they include this functionality .
for this to work , your nexus 5 will need the " always listening " mode . it is not supported on this handset officially , but there are community developers working on enabling this feature . as of this writing , the development is still in a ( semi- ) working proof of concept stage .
from everything i have read about the " knox enhanced boot loader " , and what is and is not possible with it , all of your assumptions seem spot on . another route you may want to try , is safestrap . it is by far the safest method for installing custom roms , as it bypasses the bootloader and there is no chance in tripping the knox flag , unless you flash a rom on the stock side . if you have not heard of safestrap , just a quick google search will point you to it .
try with these settings : http://apn.gishan.net/settings/os_12_11_android_4.4kitkat_internet_and_mms_settings_for_straight_talk.php should work . sorry . site does not allow me to copy the settings . how ever if you cannot receive mms that should be a data problem . please check you can access data properly . mms apn is only for sending mms . do you receive mms notification at least ?
i managed to get the phone fixed , but i still do not know what actually caused the problem . here 's what i did : i was using the " sojus-jro03r " image . i assume the same will work with any other . once i unzipped the archive , there is a file called image-sojus-jro03r.zip inside that contains the os image . inside that archive is a file called android-info.txt . that text file has a couple lines in it , the last of which starts with require version-baseband . by adding |D720SPRXXX to the end , i was able to trick the update into accepting my device . i updated that text file in the . zip file , ran flash-all.sh again , and everything worked as it should ! my phone 's working as i want it now , but i would still like to know how in the world this happened in the first place . i will leave this question open a while longer , and if anyone can explain what would cause a problem like this , i will accept that answer .
you can still get the apk of an app with applications like es file explorer , appmonster or titanium backup . but i do not know if they back up datas when the apk is built .
having now read more about the apk file format , i think i can now safely answer my own question with " it is impossible " . an apk file does not contain a data structure which is " unpacked " on install like the packages used by , for example , most linux distributions . instead , an apk is simply a self-contained , rebadged jar file that contains the application 's bytecode , manifest and certificate and nothing else . the contents of /data/data/[appname] are presumably created by the application code when it is first run ( or at some future point ) , and there is no way of embedding such data into an apk so that the system automatically moves it to the correct destination at install time .
you can also try using an app such as voodoo ota rootkeeper to protect your root . on supported phones , it can preserve root through an ota update . it must be installed and set up before you apply the ota update .
generically speaking , if you have only rooted the device and have not actually installed another rom , you should be able to apply the ota update , but you will lose root because of it . you can always root again . this is mentioned on several forum threads : xda-developers thread : root and ota updates androidforums thread : rooted gnex - what will i lose if i ota update as one can see by the posts on each one of the above threads , there is a device agnostic consensus . users report that ota updates are possible on rooted devices , but root is always lost . the reason behind this is that updates essentially replace or add system files , and the permissions on these files that the rooting process has changed to give you root access , are changed to the ones that come with the update , that do not allow root access .
' shadow ' refers to the base model of the phone , cdma_shadow being the droid x on verizon , and the regular shadow is likely the milestone x , a gsm phone released overseas . while the software is mostly the same , there is likely some difference in the hardware , almost certainly the phone 's radio , and sounds like the camera as well , according to what you have been told . it is not uncommon for the different phone+network combinations to have different codenames , another examble would be the samsung galaxy nexus , with verizon 's lte version called " toro " , and the later sprint version called " toroplus "
edited found the official source where can be read that the motorola droid x build was renamed to shadow : also worthy of note : the new release files have a slightly modified naming-scheme , including the codename instead of the commercial/common name in the filename . so the following is a handy “translation chart” to make sure you don’t mis-identify your device . . . . . . shadow - motorola droid x . . . original answer at cyanogenmod downloads , the build identified by cdma_shadow stopped at cm_shadow_full-154.zip ( the available links are broken ) . when they were resumed , they have been renamed to shadow , being shadow the codename for the droid x . droid x formerly known as droid xtreme , has the development codename " shadow " . cdma stands for : code division multiple access . it is the general system used for 3g services . related information : cdma technology - cdma is a wireless technology standard used by verizon wireless in all of its phones , and by certain other carriers in the countries listed at this link . trying further to justify this answer : here 's the metadata found at /META-INF/com/android/metadata for the cm-7-20120624-nightly-shadow . zip where can be seen the reference to the cdma_shadow : post-build=verizon/shadow_vzw/cdma_shadow/shadow:2.2.1/VZW/23.340:user/ota-rel-keys,release-keys post-timestamp=1289194863 pre-device=cdma_shadow  and yet the information presented on the menu hover effect : besides from this , the cyanogenmod documentation , forums and wiki pages reveal no better insight and are mentioned to be outdated . this seams to be the best official justification for the build rename .
the transfer was probably corrupted . the problem is probably with the host os , and not with your phone . what os and what program were you using to copy the files ? did you remember to " eject " the phone from the computer to make sure everything was synchronized ? are the files on the phone the right size ? if you plug the phone back into the computer can you look at them successfully there ? ( or try copying them off and looking at the copies . )
another option , which works to get the apk of any installed app , is to get it from /data/app/ ( or /system/app/ ) using a file browser or terminal , etc . you will need root to do that on the device though ; it is easier just to use titanium backup in that case . without root : from your pc you can use adb pull for some locations . carbon automates this .
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
assuming you have configured your device with a google account , and have already used google play store with it , the easiest way is to visit google play store via web browser from your pc login with your account select any keyboard app you like ( e . g . the standard google keyboard ) trigger the installation from there . shortly thereafter you should see the installation starting on your device ( provided it is connected to the internet , of course ) . once that is finished , the keyboard should automatically be available .
try : 1 ) you can install gapps for your model if available . 2 ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jlsoft.inputmethod.latin.jelly.free 3 ) http://google-keyboard.en.softonic.com/android
you could try changing your system language and then see if play store takes the cue . but if the system language has been coded into the build . prop then it would be of no use as your play store would still show chinese version and apps specific to china . the only alternative you have is try to flash a european/wwe ruu for your phone . read up on what ruu is else you could possibly brick your phone . you problem is similar to this . try this thread on xda
there is no call recording issue in android . as you have seen , not all phones support it . android supports call recording just fine , but this can only work if ( 1 ) the phone hardware can be told to send the call audio to the application processor of the phone ( the main processor that apps run on ) , and ( 2 ) the baseband firmware ( part of the phone 's drivers ) also supports this . some phones do not even have the hardware set up correctly for this , so there is no way call recording can ever work on these phones . others have the right hardware , but no driver support . these phones could possibly work , but the soc manufacturer would need to provide an update to the drivers , and the phone manufacturer ( the oem ) would need to package this into a new rom . the bug report you linked to is completely pointless , which is why there is no comment from google on it . android already has a working api for call recording : it is now up to the remaining soc and phone manufacturers to make it work on their phones .
what i normally do with my test devices is have rom manager installed , which comes with an option to check and upgrade your custom firmware . just go in there and select " check for rom updates " ( you must be using the paid version ) . the beauty about using rom manager is the fact that you can also install other custom roms on your phone straight from it , as it will find the latest versions of various well known roms and offer you to download straight from the device . once it is downloaded the firmware ( be it an update or a different version ) , you can simply chose install from zip , and it will boot up and allow you to install it . quite easy and safe to do , since it does all the work for you , and stops you from messing something up .
if you upgrade your cm10 to a newer build of cm10 you can just flash it right over the existing one , and you are ready . there is no need to backup all of your apps . the newest builds of cyanogenmod have an updating system build-in however so you do not have to do it all by yourself . it is under system settings - about phone . it still downloads the complete zip of the newer build but handles the updating by itself . there is , however , a new method to update your cyanogenmod . cyandelta is an app that calculates the difference between your build and the newest build and will only download and update this difference .
i could not find any details on this xda thread regarding avatar rom for the s3 . however , the sony xperia z thread thread mentions that it has a linux kernel of 3.0 . x . so , i assume it is the same for the s3 . while avatar is based on cm10.1 , it is possible that the developer used a different kernel ( lower than 3.4 ) . so , do not compare it with pure cm roms that are using the 3.4 kernel . i would suggest going through the first link i gave and ask for help there about upgrading your kernel .
yes , it is : titanium backup can restore from nandroid backups ( which is what cwm created ) appextractor can extract individual apps/data from nandroid backups nandroid browser lets you . . . guess what : ) and then there is nandroid manager to browse them , restore single items , etc . further readings : the nandroid tag-wiki restore only part of nandroid image extract app data from nandroid / cwm backup
you have to tell the mail application to delete the messages from the server explicitly . this options is provided during the initial setup , but is also accessible from the account setup options . change " delete message from server " from " never " to " when i delete from inbox " . this was not part of my original answer , but was added by the editor : this is fine if you do all your email on your handheld , but if you need to leave messages on the server for any reason ( you deal with some later on computers at home or work ) your android will keep grabbing other old messages to take their place until your set maximum is filled . this seems to be a bug or at least a weakness in the platform .
the only way to disable the pulldown is to not use the default swipe unlock . switching to a pin , pattern , password , or face unlock will get rid of that .
try uninstalling and then re-installing said app - be forewarned though that most ram boosters / memory cleaners are absolutely redundant in android . due to the nature of pre-loading your most used apps in order to give them better latency , there is little to no point of running these memory cleaners . in fact , by running them , you lose a bit of your battery as the os has to run the processor to select and pre-load other apps . yes - moving an app to the sd card usually prevents it from starting up at boot - this is also why widgets or apps that have some sort of notification / reminder / push message need to remain in internal memory . you can run a script ( if you are rooted ) or you can use an app like tasker / llama to run an app depending on a particular set of conditions .
i have thunderbird installed on my s3 phone .
mozilla have not created a thunderbird app , so you are not going to have that option . that said , there are dozens ( or more ) email apps in the play store . ( not to mention the stock email app that ships with the device . ) a large number of them can handle multiple email accounts just fine .
what version of cm are you using ? a bunch of those mount points do not even exist in my version of cm ( cm7 ) there is what i get when i do a df . i did think it was interesting that /cache/download was in there twice though . but , also , if you notice , both /data and /cache/download are on the same device . really , it is not uncommon that a device could have multiple mounts .
personally , i have found software solutions to this kind of thing to be more hassle than they are worth . do you mind if your devices are physically close to each other ? if not , i recommend a cheap hardware solution : 2 x 3.5mm stereo male / 3.5mm stereo female , 6 inch you could buy a 3.5mm extension cable to give yourself more flexibility if you need your devices a little farther apart . all of these kinds of cables are basically the same ; search around amazon , or your online market of choice , for the deal that fits you best .
to re-s-on an htc desire , you will need the following usb cable fastboot drivers installed , available here . android flasher and appropriate hboot images available here . optionally , an appropriate stock ruu , available here . either select the one for your carrier or use the ruu_bravo_htc_wwe_1.21.405.2_radio_32.36.00.28u_4 . 06.00.02_2_release_126984_signed . exe one . ok , now that you have your tools , now for the actual doing . extract all the files in the revert to stock zip . turn on usb debugging and plug in phone . either use the " click this . bat " file or run fastboot flash hboot engHBOOToverARX.img from a command prompt in the folder where you extracted the the revert to stock files . shutdown phone and power it back up holding the volume down button , then select fastboot . it should show you as s-off and using hboot 6.98.2000 fire up android flasher and select to flash the hboot . img file restart phone again . you should now be s-on . optionally , run the ruu downloaded above . this will put your phone back in completely stock condition , perfect for warranty claims , etc .
this is not an direct answer but will help you achieve your goal . the app link2sd extends ( actually preservers ) your internal storage by linking an app 's apk , dex , and lib file to a partition in sd card . you can use the app in rooted phone or you can contact the developer and ask him how he did it . he is very friendly . you may also want to check data2sd where the whole app is installed on sd card .
your command is wrong . it is not : mount --bind try this instead : mount -o bind the complete command is : mount -o bind /path/to/directory1 /path/to/directory2
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
have you tried symlinking to the folder ? you can do this in the root explorer app , which does cost , sorry !
broadly speaking , if you have a " usb " cable that only connects pins 1 and 4 then you will get power and no data ( best buy was selling cables like that as universal usb charging cables a while back , not sure if they still do ) . likewise , if you have a cable with only 2 and 3 , you will get data but no power . if you are curious , here 's a wikipedia page with the standard usb pinout . note : micro uses the same pinout as usb a .
according to the google play business and program policies , you may re-install any app you have purchased , unlimited . ( also if the app has been updated since you bought it ) . based on my experience it works like that indeed : i have updated and re-installed paid apps without any issue . please note that the re-install/update also works on any other android device that uses the same google account .
when you download an app ( whether free or paid ) it is tied to your google account so you can get all updates for this app as long as the developer is maintaining it . every app has a package name . this can be something like com.touchtype.swiftkey  this is the package name for swiftkey . if you buy it * , the app is tied to your google account . you can download it any time on any number of devices that are linked to your google account and as i said above all updates are free . in case of swiftkey we already recieved two mayor updates ( x and 3 ) . if the guys at touchtype decided that they wanted more money from us they could not make use pay for updates for this app . there are however two options that they could take : make new features available as in-app purchases or release a new app , with a different package name . * you should . it is awesome .
maybe you are looking for something like nfcsecure . you can combine normal lock screen ( i.e. . swiping ) with an underlaying nfcsecure lock screen for better security ( only lets you in when scanned the needed nfc tag ) . your smartphone needs nfc capabilities and you need an nfc tag to carry around with you to unlock your phone . can not test this as my phone does not have nfc capabilities .
it also could be achieved with some bluetooth device ( a headset should do ) , and using tasker : condition : bluetooth connected 1 task : keyguard " off " 1 easiest set up with the device connected , so you can select it here of course this would require your bt headset to be permanently on -- plus connected to your body : ) . then , as long as the two are in reach of each other , you would not need to enter your pin . but as soon as the connection is broken ( you are separated beyond the bt range ) , keyguard would be enabled again , and the pin required to unlock .
yes . see : can i install apps on phone without using the android market ? you can not install directly to the sd card . in many cases you can move much of the app and its data to the sd card , but the os and the app have to support it . even then , you need to install normally and then move it , and you can not move 100% . not without a custom rom , and maybe not even then .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
in google maps , you can save locations as favorites . they will eventually show up .
well , i think you are friend has guided you over the wrong direction its not the malware it has happened because of rooting the device . tell you what this is another demerits of rooting sometimes it results in less stable rom which i guess is the case with you you have rooted you device , means all the restriction imposed by your carrier gets removed means let me give you a short example now you are device is free to function like the way you want it . suppose you have installed an application which under rooted condition wakes the core for only one minute and then let it over the standby process because of the limitation imposed . but now the same core is busy for more than the stipulated time because your device restriction is removed and it will work according to the way you want . so , it results in performance but the battery life started suffering . it can be said as some of the disadvantages of rooting your device , i would say you might have heard the term rooting is not advised and is mainly intended for developers .
i now have gingeryoshi 1.5 running on my htc magic 32a , so i will answer my own question and explain how it went . as for the radio 6.35 , answer is yes , you can use it with the gingeryoshi for 32a new radio . here is how i swithed from 2.2.1 cm6.1 radio 3.22 to 2.3.5 gingeryoshi 1.5 radio 6.35 1 ) i reverted my htc magic back to the stock rom 1.5 + sense , this to simply revert to the new 6.35 radio . i did the update by connecting the phone to usb and running the ruu ruu_sapphire_htc_europe_3.05.401.1_test_signed_nodriver . exe 2 ) then i had to reinstall a recovery , as we have radio 6.35 we need a hero recovery , that is amonra 1.6.2 for hero ( the 1.7.0 wont work with magic ) 3 ) i flashed 1.76.2007 spl at this point only thing left is to flash gingeryoshi . from recovery , do a full wipe . ( i did not care about having an ext partition , so i left my sdcard untouched ) 4 ) flashing " ginger yoshi 1.5 new radio 32a . zip " from recovery following install procedure , answering the questions in order : - no ext - zeam launcher - no swap on ext - big density reboot : new htc logo with hiding bugdroid enjoy gingeryoshi 1.5 and android 2.3.5 , so far everything seems to be working fine , and no more troubles with my simcard . quadrant now gives 387 instead of 299 with cm6.1 :- )
in the first post on that thread , on the line right below where they tell you to flash the new radio , there is a link to the bug tracker , follow that and there is a list of " general questions " . the "32a " section of those questions is : 32a q : can i use the new 6.35 radio ? a : no ! ! it says so in the rom 's op , you should be using the old 3.22 radio , and the 1.33.2009 or 1.33.2010 spl . q : what kernel should i use ? a : this one . . . so it looks like that is the radio kernel that you need to use ? also at the bottom of that first post it has this line : ginger yoshi download folder all roms inside as well as kernels and add on http://www.mediafire.com/?cabub1g3y37gj you will notice that folder has a file in it called " ginger yoshi 1.4 new radio 32a . zip "
the htc vision is the desire z , it is also known as the g2 on t-mobile . this is basically the name that htc gives the device before it sells it to carriers . some carriers want it rebranded . i also believe that htc decided to publicly call the vision the desire z , but i assure you , they are the same device .
this issue was solved under jelly beans .
try the smart swf player app .
your browser should be able to open a swf directly if you have flash installed . if clicking on the file does not do it , then your file extensions for swf need to be set up , to associate swf with your preferred browser .
the slideout keyboard comes with quick keys which you can assign to quickly open an app or an item when pressed . open the slideout keyboard . press and hold shortcut key #1 to assign the first quick key . press and hold shortcut key #2 to assign the second quick key . tap ok tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected quick key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . press the quick key you’ve assigned . the app or item opens . source : http://www.htc.com/help/www/howto_iframe.aspx?id=18599type=1p_id=325
i had this phone , and i had this problem . your " search " key is stuck down -- press it a few times to unstick it . this model has a feature where you can press search+e to open email . ( it is , in fact , fully configurable . ) when the search button gets stuck , those shortcuts activate , leading to the behavior you describe .
i have the same phone . i had to do a hard reset . by doing this its like your phone is brand new straight out of the box . no mobile codes which pretty much leaves your phone open . when you get a new phone , they mess with it first before you get it in your hands . they put in codes for their network so all will work properly . when i did the hard reset i couldnt send mms nor recieve them either , but by downloading go sms , i looked at their settings and was able to get my phone right again . if you can not get into the settings to do the factory reset or anything else , then this is the next best option : to do a hard reset turn your phone off . turn it on again holding the power button and both volume keys at the same time until you see the samsung flashing logo . release all buttons and a little cute 3d android will show up . you then will have the option on what you want to do . remove your sim and sd card , or they will be erased along with your phone . your phone will be brand new again .
no , if you are running paranoid android you will need to wait for them to update to android 4.3 when it is released by google . you need to be on the stock rom to be able to install the update from " settings> about phone> system updates " .
i also use franco 's kernel and run pac , based largely on paranoidandroid . unfortunately you will not be able to do an ota update because it is not the root that breaks it , but the fact that you are really running a different kernel and os . ( in the case of pa , it actually automatically disables the ota update feature to keep stuff from breaking ) . that said , you can easily flash the 4.3 image using fastboot when it is released - but remember , you will lose all your pa and franco goodness ! paranoidandroid will be updated to 4.3 when the devs get to it , which should not take too long . i am just gonna wait for them personally . edit : also remember that your kernel is compiled for 4.2 , and probably will not work with 4.3 . you may have to wait for franco to update as well , or switch to another kernel .
android is not designed to let you control what is running and what not . a badly developed app can drain your power overnight . in such a case a reboot can improve the situation for a while . however if you encounter pre-installed apps running you never want to use you can disable them under settings -> apps . afterwards they can not be started anymore , neither manually by the user nor automatically .
google search is the package that contains both google search and google now . i think you can disable google now while keeping the search part by going into Now-&gt;Settings-&gt;Switch Google Now (first item) . if it does not solves your problem , then you can disable google search in Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Google Search-&gt;Disable .
the new version replaces the old version , just like upgrading to a new windows version or a new version of ubuntu on your pc . also , it is not the case that the kernel is the same for ics and jb . ics uses a linux kernel based on the 3.0.1 release , whereas jb 's kernel is based on 3.0.31 . android-specific patches to the kernel were also added between the two versions , to support new driver features . but you can downgrade a device to an older version if you have a rom image to downgrade to , whatever kernel versions they use . the only difference the kernel version makes is that if a device was not designed to support a particular kernel version , the manufacturer would have to supply device drivers for the target kernel in order to make a suitable rom .
this answer works for the galaxy s4 , but it will likely work for your s3 as well . install the xposed framework , which is a soft-mod framework that lets you modify your current rom ( including the original/stock rom ) without permanently changing it ( you can enable and disable modules at your discretion ) . the framework and modules , of course , require root . after you install the framework , install the nottach xposed module . this is designed for the s4 , but most of the features work on the s3 as well . after installing the module , enable the module within the xposed app . open the nottach xposed app ( acknowledge the warning that it is not made for your device ) , enable the checkbox for Framework-> Hide wireless charging dialog . finally , reboot the phone . your phone should now be able to charge wirelessly without having the dialog pop up every time . many of the other options in nottach xposed will likely work , though obviously tweaks for things that only exist on the s4 will not work for the s3 .
there is no way to get gingerbread to prompt the host to verify rsa key as that is found in newer versions of android ( jellybean 4.1 and upwards ) . the only true method of hardening adb in the sense of prevention of communicating over the usb is to modify the kernel for that appropriate device and disable the usb functionality within it in such a way that when plugging in the usb cable , the kernel does not register it and ignores it as if nothing has happened . knock-on side effect - if your device starts boot-looping or mis-behaving , and you want to fix it , it will be trickier to get at it since usb functionality is disabled . since op mentioned its htc desire z , the kernel source should be available on cyanogenmod 's repository . tl ; dr : recompile your own kernel and remove the usb functionality . caveat emptor i am not responsible for any damage if you go down this route in modifying your own kernel .
you can check the battery temperature with " system info widget "
overheating . you may have used it intensely and when you lock the screen you then put it in ur pocket ? your phone will be overheating and restarting itself to stop damge to the circuits/processor . similar user issue here
make sure that you are using dhcp on your phone ; if you have a static dns set and it is the wrong one , you will not be able to browse the web . go to Settings-&gt;Wireless And Network-&gt;Wi-Fi settings , hit the context button ( or right click button , or whatever you call it ) , select Advanced , and make sure Use Static IP is unchecked .
first ensure the phone is using the right password for the network and try rebooting the phone . then play with with your ap , one of these at a time : reboot it ensure mac filtering is not on try disabling any firewall it might have ensure it uses channel 1 or 6 or 11 ( assuming you are in an 11-channel region ) try switching to 2.4 ghz if it is broadcasting on the 5.0 ghz band try switching from wpa to wep encryption or vice-versa try switching to or from mixed mode ( e . g . 802.11 b/g rather than just 802.11b , etc . ) if nothing changes , please provide your phone model and i will try to help further .
assuming that the smartphone connects to the ap as you say , try the following . take the ip of the phone . connect to the same ap your laptop run ping ip_of_phone from cmd ( if you are using win ) or from terminal if you can do a ping means that something is wrong , perhaps with the dns if you can not ping , probably something is wrong with ip assignment . perhaps a two devices have the same ip . a common mistake is that people assign an ip to an ap and do not exlude that ip from the dhcp pool of the router .
there is no such setting on android phones , but you can use the emulator for this . install the android sdk from developer . android . com and launch it . on the ddms view undet the Emulator control tab , you will find the following options : after you have created an emulator and ran it , you can set these values according to your preferences and test how different networks affect your site .
in cm they have a hack ( or implementation ) so that you can change the volume over the lockscreen by pressing the volume up/down key . also pressing it multiple times will seek/change the track . now i had two cellphones optimus one from lg ( gb ) and another mobistel clone ( running ics ) and the cm rom worked for both of them . firstly requesting , include the model of your phone here and if possible check for some gb/ics rom to have this feature by default . edit : is this device the same you have ? http://get.cm/?device=solana in case you are - cheers ! you are going to be a cyanogener shortly : ) try for a nightly build . i must not say they are super stable but you can get a feel of it , assuming you are running a root device .
vlc supports such a feature . it is the official android version of the world-famous vlc media player . you can change the volume of what you are listening with it while your phone screen is locked . it is available for free on the google play store . vlc is still in beta status however it is quite stable and it works well . it should be noted that vlc is only available for devices with a armv7 hardware architecture . and it is the case of the motorola razr d3 . ; - )
if you are wearing a headset when listening to your podcasts ( which i assume ) , and those are wired and provide a physical button for play/pause , there might be an additional option using physical controls : the playstore offers a bunch of headset control apps -- some of them manufacturer specific , others explicitly manufacturer independent ( in praxis , both mostly work manufacturer independently -- it just might take you a while to find the one working best with your headset ) . those utilize the single button most headsets offer to perform different tasks . for volume control , with most of them long-pressing the button increases volume , while a short press followed by a long one decreases volume ( in both cases , until either you let go of the button or the volume reaches the end of its scale , whatever happens first ) . i personally tried two of them : first i used jays headset control , which worked fine for increasing , but failed in 90% for decreasing volume -- which i address to the fact that i do not have a jays headset . so having a philips headset , i tried philips headset next , and as expected it worked perfectly . jays headset control , the rather device independent headsetbutton controler , and philips headset ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you can see by these example screenshots , " command sequences " seem to be almost standardized ( for combinations up to 3 presses , that is -- the " quadruple click " seems to be an added speciality of headsetbutton controller ) . so if you want/have to switch at a later time , you do not even have to change your customs regarding this : )
that most likely depends on what phone and interface you have . on , say , a galaxy s3 with the stock touchwiz ui , when music is playing in the samsung player or in google play music , the volume control is enabled at the lock screen . on some other devices , it may not be possible . may i suggest editing your post to include which phone model you have ?
i am using the private internet access app for the same situation . it has a " kill switch " to prevent the leaking . it only works with the private internet access vpn service though .
please note , this solution will work on some android phones , but not all of them . as of right now your best bet is to make a group . go to contacts or people ( depends on phone ) , view your groups , and then create a new one ( usually done by selecting menu and then add group . then add the contacts you want to that group ( it might be easiest to go online from a computer and do this . then go into the settings of your groups or from the main contact screen and see if you can only show that group as visible . on my phone i cannot select individual groups to show and not show . but i think other android phones can do this . look for a " view " option .
as a workaround , and taking inspiration from @webs answer - why not create an additional google account , enter your bluetooth contacts in that account ( by importing/exporting via the web interface ) and sync that to your phone .
have there been any progress on this ? i did find a program , " bluetooth file transfer " from medieval software , but have not been able to try it yet . http://www.medieval.it ) ok , i tried it , but was unsuccessful
as i see it you have some options . i dont know if they will work though . return your phone if it has an internal error , demand your money back and get another phone . android os is build by google . htc etc . only patches the opensource version of the os from google . so if you want something in android fixed , i think google would be the place to " place your demands " - not that i think it will matter much , but they do have a forum for android too . if you know its an application that made the phone faulty , then dont install that application ? thats what i know/think - dunno if its of much help , but its my answer .
i assume from your posting that resetting the phone fixed the problem ( temporarily ) . if you want the problem fixed for good , you can help by trying to narrow down the problem further . this will allow you to address the right people with a very specific request of what needs to be fixed . you should : try to reproduce the problem . install the apps you previously had on your phone one by one until the problem re-occurs . if you can not reproduce it , there is not much chance of getting this anywhere further . if you can reproduce it : try the offending application on a different type and brand of phone . if the problem exists on all phones , contact the author of the application about the problem and consider raising an issue with google on their issue tracker . otherwise try the offending application on a different phone of the same model and brand . if the problem occurs there too , contact htc telling them which application has that effect and on which phone is does have that effect . also consider filing and issue with google as above . otherwise , if only your phone is affected , it is probably save to assume it is a hardware defect with your phone . return it for repairs .
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
the browser in honeycomb 3.2 does support websockets .
neither gingerbread nor honeycomb browsers support web sockets . however , firefox beta v . 7 and firefox aurora ( which is a nightly of v . 8 ) both support the current spec of web sockets off the box .
just did a little investigation . . . my xoom ( currently up to date ) , does not support the following : websockets , sse ( server sent events ) , webworkers , getusermedia ( ) ; : ( x4
you can do this with an app called grooveip : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gvoip i have it on my og droid , which is no longer activated on vzw , and use it as my " house phone " with my google voice number .
no , google voice does not work over data . you can use a voip solution or do some complicated things with sip accounts and clients to make use of your voice account over data , but this is not supported by google or the voice app .
i just fixed it ! i am running a galaxy nexus phone with android 4.3 and i had a similar problem . in addition to saving words like " thibk " and " tou " ( go home , thumbs , you are drunk ) , it somehow ended up containing the word " theyre , " much like op 's " dont . " this drove me insane - how dare the great googly one tell me not to use an apostrophe ? it is my right as an american citizen ! anywho , i went to settings > apps > all > google keyboard and then uninstalled all of the updates to google keyboard , bringing me back to the stock factory settings . it did not delete all of my texts , nor did it mess with my personal dictionary ( "mutha***kin'" is still right where it belongs ) . i am also now running textra instead of swiftkey and i find it much cleaner and easier to use , but that is neither here nor there . anyway , good luck ! dont let them get you down , op !
i just worked out how to do this . if you open a text in messaging , then type the word that autocompletes , long hold , as gil noted , and then select delete , it will then remove all instances in other software . this also means you do not have to clear all your other , correct , auto-completes . i am using 4.4 on a s4
this is a strange solution but it seemed to work ( tested on android 4.4 ) : go to system settings scroll to accounts section click google under privacy section , click search under search and now cards section , click accounts and privacy scroll all the way to the bottom and click search engine storage click clear now try typing one of the words you did not want in your dictionary and it should not appear . it seems like google has not documented that their keyboard now uses suggestions from the personal/user dictionary , their standard dictionaries , and also from their google search and gmail suggestions . i think swiftkey only learns words from your email or texts when you explicitly allow it to . otherwise it learns from your typing . google 's keyboard should probably do that or at least make it clear exactly where the suggestions are coming from .
i fixed it ! the trick was to clear the cache and data for google keyboard . settings => apps => all* => google keyboard => {clear data , clear cache} * be sure to go to ALL instead of RUNNING . the instance under RUNNING will not give you the correct data clearing options .
i had the same issue and found it a couple of months ago . you should go to : settings > > language and input > > personal dictionary . choose the language which the incorrect word was stored and then a list of all personal words will be there . just choose it and then delete ( or you can also edit , it is up to you ) . this path was used for my nexus 4 4.4.2 kit kat ( the same of yours ) . other brand 's android version may be quite different .
i found out on my samsung note3 that i had to deselect the google voice guided ( my translation is " google spraakgesturud ty . . " after that i could hold and delete words from the dictonary .
long press on the word when you type it and see it above keyboard . you will be given an option to delete it from learned words . android 4.3
if you go to settings > apps , there will be a list of installed applications . if you press the menu button on that page , you can sort the applications by their size . note that this size includes both the program files ( apk ) and stored data ( databases , private saved files excluding those on sd card ) .
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
all android web browser do not support multiselect feature , so you couldnot select more than one picture or download links at same time and add them to download manager . selections limited only for text on web pages .
there is an app doing this on android : website downloader . you can easily download the page you want and view it offline on android devices .
personally i usually just click the link of the file and it downloads . as for the image : try long pressing but instead of choosing " save as " look for " copy link url " or " open in new window " or something similar to those two menu options . " copy link url " should copy the url of the file to your clipboard , then you can paste that link in the address bar and hit " go " and it should download your file . " open in new window " should essentially do the same thing ( i am just trying to give you as many options as i can to try ) . if you click on the link it may not take you anywhere but to a blank page while the file downloads . so to check your download list : you may have already tried this but to see if the file was downloaded you can open your browser , open the menu , then select " more " , you should see " downloads " . this is where your downloaded files list is . another way you could check is to look in the " downloads " folder on your sdcard ( /sdcard/downloads/ ) using es file explorer or some other file explorer . if this is not a solution let me know and give an example of what you are trying to accomplish and i will try to figure it out .
i have struggled with this same issue , though in my case i wanted to save a text file ( . txt ) that i had open in the chrome browser on android 4.4 . x ( kit kat ) . after reading this and other questions posted i realised that neither chrome , the google applications , nor the standard android tools would allow me to simply save a text file from a url . to save a text file from a url to the file storage on my android device i used the file explorer application es file explorer . within es file explorer there is a download manager that allows you to download any file from a given url to the file storage on your device .
what android os version are you running ? and what kind of file does the image link to ? on 2.3.4 the browser offers me " save link " and " save image " as two options when i click on an image that is a link ( e . g . on the image link to the main page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_browser ) but in earlier versions of android it was different . e.g. in 1.5 , i just see " save image " and " view image " , so there is no direct way in the default browser to save the web page which the image links to . as matthew notes , the file type can also matter . on my 2.3.4 phone it asked me if i wanted to save a file for which there was no handler . e.g. for an xml file it said " the content is not supported on the phone . no application can be found to open this file . do you still want to download it ? " for earlier phones and some kinds of files you may need to install an app which can handle the file . " download crutch " is no longer in the market , but there seem to be others that would be suitable .
you can see the list of files you saved/downloaded in Menu &gt; More &gt; Downloads . all downloaded files are automatically saved in the /sdcard/download directory .
the android browser by default can only download files that the android system " recognizes " ( i.e. . , there has to be a program registered to handle that file type ) . it is a stupid restriction in my opinion , but you can install download crutch to overcome this limitation ( it registers itself for every filetype ) . if you are referring to images that link to something else and you want to save the something else , long-press on the image and choose " save link as " or similar .
it seems that this issue was related to the rom . since multiple re-installs of the app did not correct the issue , experimenting with another rom ( apex 2.0 beta ) did the trick . after flashing the new rom and installing the app , music streams quite well . update : i have learned that the liberty toolbox > liberty tweaks > ad blocker feature being set to " block most ads " has been tracked down as the root cause of this issue . make sure to " enable ads " under this setting and there should not be anymore fc issues .
usually , read-only memory is called internal storage , and the image of the phone 's firmware and os is the rom . ( that is how we do it on this site , anyways ) . so your internal storage is 2 gb , and your phone 's firmware and os is installed on that storage space . you can flash new kernels or entire roms ( kernel + other firmware + os ) as long as they fit on the internal storage . generally , this is not a problem ; you will not find a rom image for your phone that does not actually fit on your phone .
flashing a supersu update zip via recovery will override android 4.3 's built-in superuser . from then on , you can use supersu , but you will need to keep superuser enabled in settings .
i swear by waze . it is gives spoken directions . as a plus ( or actually main selling point ) , it is a social gps . that is , by keeping track of speed and location , it knows where there is heavy traffic and routes you around it .
provided that you have a phone running android 1.6 or higher , and are in a supported country , then google maps navigation will do this . you should have navigation as a separate icon in your apps list ( upwards pointing blue arrow icon ) even though it comes with maps . if you do not have that ( and are on a supported version and in a supported country ) then just go to the market and search for the updated version of google maps . i have used it for car and walking directions , and it works very well , do not need to take the phone out of my pocket while walking , as everything spoken through my headphones .
android does not synchronize neither time nor time zone with gps ( i do not know about cyanogenmod but i do not think it works in some other way ) . android does synchronize both time and time zone with cellular network . i guess that your cellular network sends to you wrong time zone ( african ) . you can disable it by unchecking " automatic time zone " in settings -> date and time .
i do not know if it is what you are after as it is a big commercial plugin that is unlikely to tell you much , but the flash player springs to mind as the only browser plugin that i know of .
at least one plugin exists . adobe flash . note that plugins and extensions are not the same . the default aosp browser does not support extensions .
try button savior ( non-root version , root required version ) .
i believe this is a pure software issue . if you have custom recovery installed , try to wipe cache/davik-cache . if not , try reseting the phone to default settings . ( are you on a custom rom ? if so , have you tried asking in the developer 's support forum ? what software are you using for the soft buttons ? have you tried another rom ? )
this is really awkward to fix , i know because i have been in your exact situation . it depends a lot on just how different the contact storage on your old rom was from how it is now . obviously your contacts are there somewhere in that cwm backup , the problem is just how to get them out . i do not have a very specific answer on how to solve this ( just asking for the contact info again will probably solve your problem faster ) , but here are some pointers : the file system is most likely yaffs2 , so you need to read this file system somehow . one of the first things i found on google was yaffey - utility for reading , editing and writing yaffs2 images - you could probably use this to access your backup image and from there extract your contact data . depending on your current and old format , this might be easy or hard . what do we learn from this ? extracting contacts is an absolute pain from system images created in cwm . use titanium backup and/or always make sure your contacts sync against the cloud . local contacts are the devils work .
note : answering my own question as nobody knew . i did a packet capture after selecting menu -> accounts and sync -> auto-sync ( also accessible via the " power control " widget ) . what did i discover ? to my horror ( http requests from phone displayed below ) : and my contacts and calendar are being transmitted unencrypted ! i do not currently synchronize gmail so i could not say if that is unencrypted either . also the stock market application ( which must be a service because i do not have the widget displayed or the application active ) : completely unencrypted request for stock quotes : just think , you could sit in starbucks in the financial centre of your city and packet-sniff what quotes were important to all the smart phone users around you . . other items that were not encrypted : http request to htc.accuweather.com time request to time-nw.nist.gov:13 ( does not even use ntp ) about the only data that is encrypted on my phone are the mail accounts i set up with the k-9 application ( because all my mail accounts use ssl - and fortunately gmail accounts are , by default , ssl ; and yahoo ! mail supports imap using ssl too ) . but it seems none of the auto-sync'd data from the out-of-box phone is encrypted . this is on a htc desire z with froyo 2.2 installed . lesson : do not use phone on open wireless network without vpn encrypted tunnelling ! ! ! note , packet capture taken by using tshark on ppp0 interface on virtual node running debian connected to android phone via openswan ( ipsec ) xl2tpd ( l2tp ) .
results captured on an lg optimus v ( vm670 ) , android 2.2.1 , stock , rooted , purchased in march 2011 . as of today , the only unencrypted requests i could find in a pcap taken during a complete resync were : picasa web albums that is it . picasa was the only service i could find being synced unencrypted . facebook requested a couple profile images ( but did not pass any account info ) ; skype requested ads ; and tooyoou grabbed a new banner image . none of those relate to sync , really . so it looks like google 's syncing security has been tightened quite a bit . turn off syncing picasa web albums and all of your google data should be synced in encrypted form . market this bothered me a little : the return of this is a 302 moved temporarily that points to a highly complex download url : android 's download manager turns right around and requests that download location , passing the MarketDA cookie again . i do not know if there is any security danger from how market downloads apks . the worst i can imagine is that unencrypted apk downloads open up the possibility of interception and replacement with a malicious package , but i am sure android has signature checks to prevent that .
kindle fire does not have phone support , camera support , maps and also some few hardware support . so when your are trying to install those apps it will show \u201cyour device isn't compatible with this version\u201d  solution : look for apps which are supported by the kindle fire and then you can download it via amazon store or google play .
the kindle fire does not support google play or jelly bean . i would guess that is the root of your problem . you are trying to run an application that does not work on a device with an os that it was not meant to run . edit : if you are attempting to install them via the market web page front end then you are only doing the latter of the above . either way though the official market does not support the kindle fire , you have to use amazons app store . which i suspect also may not work since you installed an unsupported os on your device .
you can use adb ( android debug bridge ) tools . -install platform-tools which are included in android sdk -toggle usb debugging options on your phone . -connect to your phone with adb . example operation for testfile . txt upload your file with ' adb push ' command . adb push testfile.txt /data/local/tmp/  get shell with ' adb shell ' command . adb shell  ( you will get a prompt like below . ) become superuser with ' su ' command . shell$ su  change permissions of testfile . txt to 644 ( -rwx--r--r- ) chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/testfile.txt 
custom keyboard layouts is an official feature of android 4.1 jelly bean . it is called " user-installable keymaps " , see more here . if you do not want to wait/upgrade : besides this , android uses keymaps also for bluetooth hid devices ( your device , some number keypads , apple bluetooth keyboard , etc . ) . more info how to change this is here .
i believe that matthew read is correct about there being no native way to sync this , and about locale 's ability to work around this , but i am going to suggest some cheaper and simpler alternatives to the $10 locale app : tasker ( $6.50 ) : basically the same as locale but cheaper . with this ( and probably locale ) you could set a profile that turns on autosync for only 5 minutes and repeats this every hour ( or whatever timeframe you want ) . also , tasker can use locale plugins . juicedefender ( free ) : i have used it before ( although never tried what you are trying to do ) and it is super easy to setup and use . it allows you to control total connectivity and app by app connectivity control . it also claims to allow you to schedule " synchronization events " , which i have never tried by sounds like it would control general and app specific syncing . sync schedule ( free ) : i do not think this will be as useful as the name suggests but if all else fails it is worth a shot . it allows you to set times for the autosync to turn off and on but i am not sure if it lets you set multiple time windows per day so this may be of limited use . also regarding your " is there any way to make it pause when i actually want to use the phone ? " question , the native android power control widget has an autosync as one of the options allowing you to toggle it on/off at will .
i do not know of any way to set the sync frequency or to make syncing low-priority , unfortunately . you could use locale to turn off/on auto-sync based on profiles you set up , however . there is a locale plugin that might do most of the work for you : https://market.android.com/details?id=net.andvari.android.syncsetting
could it have created the shortcut on a different page of the home screen ? be sure to scroll left and right to check every page . if you still can not get that working , there is another method that should still work . go into the app drawer ( the list of apps from the home screen ) , then go to the widgets tab . there should be a widget there called bookmark . hold it to pick it up , and then drag it to where you like on your home screen . if you need more flexibility than that , my app showr lets you create a resizable home screen shortcut with a custom icon or image . you can use any picture you like for the shortcut , and have it open the web page you set or launch an app of your choice . it can even update the picture from the web automatically : for example , if the web app is a bug tracker , and it offers an image showing how many bugs are open , you might want to use something like that as the shortcut . download showr for free from google play
you can try it in other modes than power saving . to make you phone in vibrate only mode , hit the volume keys till the volume bars come down and shows the vibrate mode . yes when on vibrate mode all notification via whatsapp or fb messenger will be via vibration only .
i was having the same problem with the vibration for my phone even when vibration was turned on for calls/texts/etc until i realized it was because the vibration intensity was turned all the way down . go to settings , click on sound , then click on vibration intensity and make sure it is turned up .
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
the picture you got on your phone was upgrade mode ( also called download mode ) . the phone disconnects and then tries to reconnect when it goes into this mode . my guess is that the reconnect failed ; it happened to me when i tried upgrading through a virtual machine . i suggest borrowing a friend 's computer running windows natively to do the upgrade .
are you sure your phone is recognized by windows ? you can verify this by looking in the windows device manager if there is no error message or a yellow question mark on your device ( you can find it by searching device manager in the search field of start menu ) if the driver is not installed you can found it on http://www.samsung.com/
check security > unknown sources make sure that it is checked to allow installation from unknown sources
many time there are softwares like easytether , etc which do not allow adb to access your device . make sure you do not have any such software installed which interfaces with your phone via usb . if as stated above is not the case with you , you should try reinstalling kies and the samsung usb drivers . that should certainly do the task for you .
as a quick fix that got the meetings i have now onto my phone , i pulled up all forthcoming meetings and appointments that had not synced using outlook , forwarded them to myself , and then pulled up the e-mails on my phone and accepted each invite . this worked and did not create any dupes on either the phone or outlook . that works for now , and it seems that appointments i have created in outlook since i set up the phone to sync are syncing correctly , if a bit delayed . we will see about meeting invites i accept from others . now , this solution only works because most of my schedule is regular recurring meetings , so i only had to resend a few invites . if there is a solution that does not require re-accepting every invite for every meeting for the foreseeable future , i am sure it would be helpful to those of us that have a fuller , more free-form appointment schedule .
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
afaik there is no such " os setting " ( and if there was , " other users " could manipulate it as well ) . as a " work-around " , you might look in the playstore for app lockers , they should be able to " lock " the settings app as well . remove all wifi apns from your network list which should not be connected , de-activate the " inform me about open wifi networks " to avoid the popup , and together with an app locker ( locking the " settings " app ) that should do what you are looking for . as to your comment , this seems to work fine with smart applock , which can lock not only apps but also some system actions : smart applock : locking apps , locking system actions ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant )
i believe there is no such feature available . you can either enable the sync which will sync all your albums or to not to sync at all .
you might want to take a look at autowipe for that : use autowipe to automatically and permanently wipe your internal and external data by doing a factory reset . enterprise and business users should find this useful ! this is meant to be used in case your device gets stolen , misplaced , or lost . automatically wipes for : failed passwords to unlock screen , sms password received , subscriber id changed ( sim card ) . use the new integrated test mode to test all these cases . locks the screen while wiping . the app does not require root , according to its playstore description . ( click to enlarge )
you could find many converters can do this when searching in google , but you post here , so i think you need to hear some real experience , ok , i am using a hd video converter from pavtube , it can help me convert mts files to mp4 files , you can even choose the profile of your tablet model , the important thing which makes me to try it than other free programs , is the great output quality and reasonable price . well worth a try .
presently andtidwiki is the best , or rather the only choice , that allows you to use your wiki straight from dropbox . however , there are some small issues - like text overlap on zooming , which i hope will improve with further versions . i have not been able to find any other tiddly browser that allows editing your wiki from dropbox .
use firefox . to support saving the wiki , install the " tiddlyfox " firefox addon . i tested this works today . also it could directly open an . html file with firefox in file explorer like " es file explorer " . remark : seems tiddlywiki v5 displays better than v2.8.1 on android .
have you tried this http://tiddlyspot.com/ it basically creates a tiddly on a web server , so you can edit it with every android browser able to render it . you can download it , edit offline and when online sync it with the server version . opera mobile is not able to edit offline a tiddlywiki and save changes . firefox mobile can . other browsers i dont know . normally they need a . jar java file which the mobile browsers often cant execute afaik .
try andtidwiki . it is currently in beta , and it works well for me .
your android box running sshdroid , just activate it . your linux box ( gui ) you can run any ssh ftp compliance ( nautilus , filezilla , etc . . . ) for ex . i use filezilla . . . just type on host : sftp://your . android . box . ip-address on user name : root on password : admin on port : 2222 just select " ok " button whatever appears on your screen . note : you must on the same subnet mask and class for it to happen . .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
i find ourgroceries pretty good . syncs to web site and multiple phones so you can share lists with your partner or house mates . free version has ads but they are not too over the top .
http://cozi.com/ is pretty good too .
summing up from the comments above . . . as eldarerathis wrote : " connected as a media device " suggests it is using mtp , which would require special software to be installed ( there are mtp packages available for different linux flavours ) . try getting ums working you might also want to check your " notification area " when the device is connected : i do not know the kindle fire , but it might offer to switch to ums ( usb mass storage ) mode . if you do not find anything corresponding in the notifications , also take a look through the settings . just a possibility , nothing granted . try it with mpt utilizing the mtp file system if you cannot get ums working , there is a helpful link pointed out by eldarerathis is connecting google nexus 7 to linux on how to make mtpfs working on linux . basically , this can be done by issuing 4 commands in a terminal : sudo apt-get install mtpfs mkdir ~/NexusDrive mtpfs ~/NexusDrive nautilus ~/NexusDrive  short explanation on what it does : install the mtpfs package , which provides the mtp file system creating a directory where to mount your kindle to actually mounting your device opening nautilus to show the files contained of course , the last step can be replaced by opening any file explorer you like : ) and as the " missing sudo " on lines 2-4 indicates , mtpfs is running in userspace . graphical mtp frontend there is also a graphical mtp frontent available in the ubuntu repositories : gmtp . it is mainly intended to be a mp3 player , but you also can manage your files with it : sudo apt-get install gmtp  ( it is in the universe branch , so you might have to enable universe first in your package manager ) ( screenshots taken from linuxandlife ) so you could use this instead of nautilus -- or next to nautilus , depending on what you want to do . with gmtp installed , simply connect your kindle via its usb cable , then launch gmtp . click the connect button then will mount the device , and the connect button gets re-labeled to " disconnect " , as shown in above screenshots .
try using airdroid . it is available in the amazon appstore .
batteries degrade over time . my last phone ( samsung galaxy s vibrant ) would only charge to 93% . it would never charge higher than that . near the end of my use of the phone the battery would only last about 5 - 7 hours . this is with disabling gps , wifi , bluetooth . also , something has to be the " highest " user of the battery . since you disabled the stuff that is usually the big users of battery , something else is taking that spot . i would say try replacing the battery , you can get a new battery for the g2 for about $22 . see wikipedia info on lithium-ion batteries : charging forms deposits inside the electrolyte that inhibit ion transport . over time , the cell 's capacity diminishes . the increase in internal resistance reduces the cell 's ability to deliver current . this problem is more pronounced in high-current applications . the decrease means that older batteries do not charge as much as new ones ( charging time required decreases proportionally ) . high charge levels and elevated temperatures ( whether from charging or ambient air ) hasten capacity loss . charging heat is caused by the carbon anode ( typically replaced with lithium titanate which drastically reduces damage from charging , including expansion and other factors ) . a standard ( cobalt ) li-ion cell that is full most of the time at 25 °c ( 77 °f ) irreversibly loses approximately 20% capacity per year . poor ventilation may increase temperatures , further shortening battery life . loss rates vary by temperature : 6% loss at 0 °c ( 32 °f ) , 20% at 25 °c ( 77 °f ) , and 35% at 40 °c ( 104 °f ) . when stored at 40%–60% charge level , the capacity loss is reduced to 2% , 4% , and 15% , respectively . [ citation needed ] in contrast , the calendar life of lifepo4 cells is not affected by being kept at a high state of charge emphasis mine . but note that it does " not charge as much " . android will still report that the battery is at 100% because it is . it is charged to the full capacity that the battery can handle . this is why it does not seem to hold a charge for as long as it used to . your battery is over 2 years old . read this post from xda about li-ion batteries that it quotes this site as the source . your lithium-ion battery starts dying the moment it leaves the factory the fact is , your lithium-ion battery starts dying the moment it leaves the factory ! of course , the actual life-span of an unused lithium-ion battery can vary by a fair amount based on its internal charge as well as the external temperature . but suffice to say that you can expect to irreversibly lose 20% of a lithium-ion battery’s charge every year from its original date of manufacture . other things can even make these numbers worse . like frequent discharges , keeping the battery in non-optimal temperatures and leaving the battery " sitting " idle for periods of time .
try starting your galaxy tab in download mode . this is done by completely shutting it off , and then holding both power and volume down buttons together until a big yellow sign with a droid holding a shovel appears , with " downloading , do not turn off target " message underneath . if so , you can try flashing the stock rom via odin or heimdal utilities . you can find the detailed instructions on the development section of xda-developers forum .
if you do not have a nandroid backup , you will have to find a stock rom for your device . your device is not that well-known , the only resource i could find is on xda-developers . there you can find information on how to use odin to flash a stock rom ( post #5 ) . in the future , creating a nandroid backup is always recommended before flashing a rom , just in case something happens or you want to go back .
after the phone boots normally , go into the settings app . choose sd and phone storage . the last item on the next screen is factory data reset .
if your phone boots as normal then yes , you are missing the menu you need . when you continue to hold the vol down button as it powers on you should see the white boot screen show in this youtube clip ( it is not in english but the process is the same ) . once you reach that menu you will find the instructions you linked to helpful .
you should be able to wipe via the recovery however , this will wipe all the data on the device including contacts , apps , pictures and videos . turn the power off . if your htc desire is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select recovery on the next screen press volume up and power you should then see the " android system recovery " select the ' wipe data/factory reset ' option you may need to confirm your choice ( i do not want to wipe the device i have so not 100% sure )
take the micro sd card out if it is in . worked for me .
you must try via odin like tool but for odin you must download official android version from any site but your data lost and phone is totally hard reset
the problem is with stock keyboard app/service . it can not be fixed by normal means . simply , use third-party soft keyboard apps viz . swiftkey , go keyboard ex , a.i. type keyboard , hacker 's keyboard etc .
gingerbread is totally buggy about free space . i have even used a2sd , and moved that dalvic cache to ext partition ok . i got an extra 80mb , but that amount is decreasing each day . i am sad a bit about this . i would recommend that you root your devices and go back to froyo . i need to use an application which needs android 2.3 and on froyo i would not able to install it . i am sad because i like my htc desire . i do not consider it to be so old that it should be replaced by a new device . what can we do ? :- )
i found a user reporting 123 mb of free internal memory after the upgrade , vs 134 mb on a stock froyo , so you lose 11 mb when upgrading , although it seems that applications take up less space and app2sd is more efficient . i would like to hear more stories though .
i am surprised that there is not more to find on this subject . . i was going to do a factory reset , so i thought i might as well update . after the update i installed almost all the apps that i had before , and instead of 15mb free ( that i used to have ) , i now have 75mb free :p
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
i would try backing up the data for one of the apps , then clearing it and seeing if it works afterwards . you could try just restoring /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files/highscores.lua and see if that works . i do not have cut the rope so i do not know how its files work , sorry !
i recently installed cyanogenmod on a galaxy note 8 . what worked for me was to copy cyanogenmod to an microsd card . then with microsd plugged into phone , boot the clockwork , and install from sd card . hope that helps ! !
opencpn states future android suppport , possible as soon as they have migrated their graphics engine to opengl . it is probably the easiest path to still run opencpn on a windows based laptop and just use a remote viewer app like teamviewer airdisplay androidvnc to your android tablet/phone/etc . until a native android way is available .
first , there is really no way to emulate modern windows pc 's on android , and there is a long list of reasons for that . so to be honest , you are simply not going to be able to run windows software on an android phone . that said , opencpn can actually be run on android . and googling shows that there are some " easier " guides for making it happen . many android devices already have a built-in gps and communications hardware , which ( i assume ) would be sufficient for your needs as long as you are in coastal or inland waters ( where you have a data connection ) . i would not be surprised if some ais dongles worked with android without need for drivers , giving you ais access virtually anywhere at sea ( but i could be very wrong ) . as for ais as a separate feature , there are actually quite a few ais applications available for android with varying feature sets . i do not think i have enough information to determine if they have the features you need , but feel free to look at them . here are some links , if you have not already found them yourself : boat beacon , marinetraffic ship positions , and mais - ship position reporting now , on to the down-and-dirty : if you want a seamless , power-efficient setup " that just works™" , then android most likely is not going to be the answer . i would suggest looking at low-power atom-powered windows tablets . you can keep windows or , alternatively , install linux on them . they draw considerably less power than an average laptop and are quite capable . tl ; dr . . . opencpn works on android . and you can get how-to guides on making it happen ( needs root ) . there are ais applications for android ( links above ) . finally , your best bet is probably a cheap windows tablet , not android . i suggest this tablet , or anything similar .
" adb : offline " reason is generally because of usb cable . if you are not using your stock cable , try with another microusb cable . . also , while it shows offline , try this : ( not everytime but sometimes it helps ) adb kill-server adb start-server 
total noob with this stuff myself , i have been reading around , some applications given access like admin ( ? ) , will have been allowed to install in critical locations to do the special tricks they do . to fully remove these applications the special permission change made has to be disabled by the program first , then the program itself can be uninstalled . if the program was allowed ( the special permission ) to make changes to critical section , then removed without the permission , it is possible for critical changes to be left . ( source : fails done by commenters in google play store ) anytime these high permissions are allowed , and these changes made , it should be turned back off first in the program , prior to uninstalling the program , or unexpected things could occur . it is possible that a cool trick software has been installed , and forgotten , or not un-installed properly . maybe an app that turns the screen on or off based on sencors or cameras , or phone or messages , like the proximity , or a shake , docking ? that the application has made changes , or even changes to more critical areas . lock screen app , lock screen customiser , launcher , special trick home changes , there are hundreds of less documented tricks . there are " safe mode " ways of getting into the phones which keeps 3rd party items from operating , the stackexchange-url android site has lots of information on it . also the search of stackexchange-url bootloop . we know you do not have a boot loop , but you still cant do much when this happens , so some of the boot loop information could be applied , which is this safe mode . different phones use slightly different methods for getting into the safemode , adding to the fun , finding an expert with the same phone might be a thing to do if you wanted to access safe mode .
pressing and holding the phone 's power button for a few seconds might do the trick . it switches off my android phones .
in the api it is described that the battery percentage is calculated by dividing the current level with the maximum level . this can be seen in the quote below . this leads me to believe that batterymanager . extra_level is either measured in milli amps hour ( mah ) or a value between 0-100 . this is a simple approach and not the answer that i hoped to find but it is an answer never the less . now i just need a official source that states the answer . : ) determine the current battery level in some cases it is also useful to determine the current battery level . you may choose to reduce the rate of your background updates if the battery charge is below a certain level . you can find the current battery charge by extracting the current battery level and scale from the battery status intent as shown here : int level = batteryStatus.getIntExtra(BatteryManager.EXTRA_LEVEL, -1); int scale = batteryStatus.getIntExtra(BatteryManager.EXTRA_SCALE, -1); float batteryPct = level / (float)scale;
honeycomb was actually meant for devices with large screens like tablets etc . . , there is no official update for s5300 . so you will have to root your phone and install a custom rom ( such as cyanogenmod ) on your phone . keep in mind that rooting your phone will void your phone of any warranty . also beware that any error made while flashing rom could brick your phone and make it unusable .
i had the same problem with my lg optimus 4x p880 : whenever i wanted to make a call , the screen was going to off position ; only after finishing the call it turned back on . i think it is nothing but a software problem in android version 4.1.2 . so i rolled back from 4.1.2 jelly bean to 4.0.3 icecream sandwich . now my phone is working properly .
check the microphone of the device . on the s3 i believe it is the little hole on the right side of the charging port . i have seen this issue numerous times and on occasion , it is a clogged or semi clogged mic port . if the issue is intermittent , the aforementioned possibility is less likely . other times it is network related , app related or , worst case , a failing microphone .
it could be any or all of the following : speaker 's volume is too low if you have a protective case around your s3 . otterbox cases , and a few others , have been known to cause problem with the s3 's speaker . to be fair though , speakers on samsung devices are notoriously bad when it comes to receving and transmitting sound . some android firmware installed on the s3 can cause the audio software to lower the volume unnecessarily . try upgrading your s3 to the latest android firmware , like jellybean , kitkat or later .
i have had this problem with my own s3 . usually , it happens when i am holding the phone angled away from my head . in my case , holding the phone flat against the side of my head helps . i am not sure if it is some sort of background noise cancellation gone wonky or what , but that little shift in position is all it takes for me .
haptic feedback is still there . go to settings > my device > sound and it should be around the bottom of the options . it is labled haptic-feedback your keyboard should have its own option , but it depends on the particular keyboard . samsung keyboard : click on the ' cog ' icon beside the space bar . click ' vibration ' . swiftkey : settings > sound and vibration > keypress vibration .
whn u want to type , there is the choose option input method that comes on the crossbar . . click it then click setup input method then click the setting on samsung keypad then scroll down to advanced option . . click it then disable key tap sound . . that easy
android does not include a telnet daemon . use the included android debug bridge ( meant for development or power users ) . it comes with the official sdk ( http://developer.android.com/sdk/ ) . install both " tools " packages enable usb debugging in your phone settings run ./platform-tools/adb shell in yor sdk folder ( needs approprate usb rights for your phone ) you then have a local shell on your phone . if you definitely need access over network install an ssh server app ( search play store for sshdroid or quicksshd ) . you might want a secure shell server on a mobile device that connects to multiple maybe unsafe networks like public hotspots .
an alternative to the former answer is installing terminal ide . its really nice , but read the description to consider stuff like : nb : this app cannot be installed onto the sdcard because you do not get ' execute ' permissions on that mount . it must run in this app 's private memory on the device [ also much more secure ] . you can of course still read / write to the sdcard and store files there . also - once extracted it takes up about 100mb . you have been warned .
since you have no access to the ui , the option would be using the adb shell . note : the adb shell will only work if usb debugging was previously enabled ! connect your device with the usb cable . ( install drivers if needed ) use a terminal ( or cmd if in windows ) change to your adb location directory . run the following to do a recovery wipe : adb shell &gt; recovery --wipe_data 
the htc one 's camera has bigger pixels than the regular phone cameras ( "ultrapixels" ) . when you use your camera in low light , it tries to draw more light from the sensor , so the image looks brighter . the " purple " issue is caused by bad heat insulation of the camera sensor from the rest of the phone , so when you try to take a photo the heat can cause distortion of the data the image processor chip collects from the sensor and converts to digital image ( when you open the camera app it puts the screen brightness to max , so even this can cause the phone to heat up ) . when you use the camera in low light the image chip relies more on the sensor to collect more light , so this might cause only low light pictures to be affected ( especially the color black , where the sensor tries to deliver as much light possible and there just is not one , as it is dark ) . when you take a photo in normal light ( or with flash ) there is enough light and the sensor does not try to replace the color black with purple . the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat seems to be permanent and if it is in an early stage it can be fixed by a software update which just calibrates the image chip to ignore the " purple " image data . but , as you stated , this is a hardware issue and if the software update does not fix it , the phone should be sent to a repair center for the sensor and the insulator around it to be replaced . as of november - december 2013 the new sensors are made by a different manufacturer and lack the issue . source : the forum thread at xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507 and personal experience with my htc one m7 .
my brother had a samsung galaxy s-4 , and he started having minor issues with it so he brought it into the store . the end result was him walking out with an s-5 , and he explained to me a galaxy-specific process that allowed him to put everything into the new phone . his contacts , wallpapers , music and everything else . i assume that he started the process on the older phone , and this might not be helpful to you , but that is all i know and hopefully this is helpful to you somehow . wish i could do more , that is awful .
i am missing some information : is your phone rooted ? do you have usb debugging enabled ? are your contacts synced to your google account ? since it is not clear from the question - have you checked that your contacts are not already backed up to your google account ? if you had your contacts synced - then they should all be backed up to the cloud / your connected google account . if that is not the case , and all you need is to be able to see your screen and control your phone ( via the app of your choice ) - you can try this kind of solution - an an mhl-enabled usb port . also , maybe airdroid , can help as well .
your server has to be able to communicate with the phone somehow to send the wipe message , either by a phone network connection , or if it is connected to one of its saved wifi connections . not 100% sure about the android implementation , but normally the message will queue up and be received when the phone comes into coverage . the phone also has to be switched on at some point , or it'll never be received . this is a limitation of all phones that have remote wipe capability ( eg windows phone , blackberry , etc ) . it can not send the signal by magic !
i had the same problem . looking at the source of heimdal revealed that this message is send when no usb device is attached . and this was in fact the case . lsusb showed that the kernel is not aware of any usb device related to the galaxy s : after i used a different usb cable and a different usb port , my galaxy s appeared on lsusb while it is in download mode : and heimdall was able to flash a new kernel ! so i have two suggestions : try another usb cable , i suspect the original samsung usb cable to be of low quality try another usb port , ideally without a usb hub between the devices
you can switch your phone to airplane mode - this will shut down all radios . after this , turn on only the wifi and you will be able to use it as a wifi only device .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
i also contributed a lot of time to the adb problem . ( galaxy p7510 vs win7 64bit ) after struggling with non-offical drivers , android_winusb . inf , 64bit jdk , and even having virtualized a 32bit os . . , finally i found a work-around ! just come back to share with anyone concerns . reference : connect to android with adb over tcp the above instruction requires a pc which can adb to your tablet over usb . better work-around is root your device firstly , and then download a adbwireless utility , so you can switch your tablet to adb tcp mode even without usb connection at all . hth !
first got to the driver installation settings . it should ask you if you want windows update to automatically install your drivers . choose " no " ! ( you will be turning it back on when done so do not worry . ) second go to system properties and in the upper left click on advanced system properties . click on environment variables and create a new one . you want your variable name to be devmgr_show_nonpresent_devices and the value to be 1 . third head to the device manager and under the view tab check " show hidden devices . " now uninstall all the android related drivers , especially the ones whose icons are gray . restart your computer but do not change your settings back yet ! instead open a command prompt window in the folder that houses the android drivers ( . inf files ) you wish to manually install . now copy the following and paste it into the command prompt and change the part at the end that reads &lt;file&gt; to the name of the driver .  rundll32 syssetup,SetupInfObjectInstallAction DefaultInstall 128 .\&lt;file&gt;.inf  if your mouse spins for a second and your desktop icons flash it is a successful install . you get a message if it is not . repeat for all drivers . change back your device installation settings to " yes " and go about your business cause we are done here ! now you can attach your phone to your computer .
as far as i know , whatsapp requires a mobile device with a phone number . the idea being that your phone number becomes your whatsapp account id . should your phone number change , you get a new account . just like if someone needs to call you up , if someone needs to message you on whatsapp , they will need your new phone number . if , after getting a new cellphone account or switching carriers , you want to retain your whatsapp account , you will need to have ported your phone number through your new wireless carrier . although , in some countries , you are entitled to a port , depending on the place , you may have to hefty pay fees , wait varying amounts of time or just be unable to port your number . in all cases , though , you will need to arrange the port prior to canceling the old number . when you think of it , not much is associated with your account . it is just : undelivered messages . your status message . a bunch of info you do not have access to that the company 's no doubt selling to advertisers :- ) your pending balance , if you paid for the service . if your concern is your balance , you may want to contact whatsapp directly on this . they may have a way to transfer this to a new number .
sync should take care of contacts and most settings on your phone . download sms backup and restore on both phones , backup on nexus s and send the backup xml file to n4 ( via bluetooth or wifi hotspot ) for restoration . for transferring files between the devices , you can use the wifi hotspot functionality . works real fast . i am not sure if it is available on nexus 4 ( being a newer , better phone , i presume it is ) , but i have it on my nexus s and have used it to transfer files from a galaxy s2 . update : anysend seems like a useful app to send files between two devices . the only requirement is that both have to be connected to the same wifi network .
i think what you need to do is subscribe to your calendar in google calendar , then have your calendar app sync with this feed--much like you would sync additional calenders like days of the week , etc . subscribe to public calendars using the calendar address click the down-arrow next to other calendars select add by url from the menu find the address of the google calendar in icalendar format , or if you have the icalendar address of a calendar from a different application ( for example , apple 's ical ) , you can use this as well . enter the address in the field provided click the add calendar button . the calendar will appear in the other calendars section of the calendar list to the left . then , in the calendar app , or s planner , on your phone choose the additional calendars to display .
there is a lot of apps for kids , where you can set a mode and only allow certain apps on child mode and you being an adult administrator can unlock other apps , i have used one called kids shell it got the job done for me
how do i password protect uninstalling apps from the play store ? this is not possible as of today . i have seen a few apps to help me along , but they do not protect from the play store being launched from inside a game through a commercial for example . such behavior is not made explicitly available to third-party apps , the ones that do exist today can only go so far in providing an " app-locker " . how do i password protect either the entire play store , or the removal of apps ? you can not , at least not in a way that accounts for all scenarios . you may keep searching for " app-locker " apps that attempt to do this and hope you find one that fits your needs . have you tried paranoid android 's lockit instead of going down this route , i would recommend you setup multiple user profiles on the tablet ( the assumption here being your tablet is running android 4.2 or greater ) . in a multi-user scenario , if one user uninstalls an app , it is only uninstalled within their profile . you may read more about it here
stock gallery is a system app which can not be disabled if you are not rooted . titanium backup pro can freeze it , but only if it gets root access . rooting will violate your warranty , but you can always get your warranty back after un-rooting device . there is no way for anyone to catch you after that . in case , you are unable to find an un-rooting method , you can flash original firmware . its the ultimate solution . so , you can go ahead to root your device .
you can use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / go launcher etc . all of these have options for hiding apps from the app drawer . unfortunately , the gallery app will still appear in share and send to menus in various apps . no way around that . if you would rather certain folders remain invisible to the gallery app , place a blank file named .nomedia in the folder to keep it from being displayed in the gallery . unsure if quickpic will also have same functionality .
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
bettercut will let you create shortcuts with custom icons/text .
launcherpro is a great home switcher app , personally is the best . between the different dozens of useful features it provides also the possibility to change the text of all home icons that are shortcuts to applications , to bookmarks , etc .
there are two options , but they both require connecting to the android device via wifi : root the phone and use wireless tether - ( unofficial method ) warning : this may void your warranty , so do not blame anyone if it causes you an issue , least of all me ! proceed at your own risk . once the phone is rooted ( you can search via google for rooting your device and it usually not the most complicated thing to do ) , you can install wireless tether from the android market . this will basically turn your android phone into a mobile router that you can connect to with your pc . or pay for the 3g mobile hotspot option from verizon - ( official version ) this is the carrier provided method for tethering your device ( getting a computer to access the internet using a wireless device ) . i believe that it is currently $20 per month and there is a limit to the amount of data that you can use .
try downloading the drivers straight from the source ( motorola ) here . make sure any drivers you already installed are uninstalled first , then install from motorola .
really all that was really necessary was to click on the phone 's search button and type in " settings " . the top result should be the " settings " application . you click on that and it opens your settings app so that you can got to applications:manage applications where you can scroll down to launcherpro click on it and then click on the " clear defaults " button . now when you click on the home key it will bring up a list of any launcher programs you have installed , including the factory installed one which you can now select .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
look in settings -> security -> owner info . it is the only one place , to my knowledge , where you can set up text under the clock on the lockscreen before 4.2 .
this is due to the fact that you have given admin rights to the app . reinstall the app and then do this : go to settings-> location and security-> device administrator and deselect the admin . after this is done , uninstall the app .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
afaik not much other than the frequency bands they operate on : st17i : ( i = international version ) dual-band umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a : ( a = american version ) tri-band umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
bryan 's answer is correct . however , if you do not want to wait for the os to kill something , you should use a task manager ( different from an always-running task killer ) . one is built in to the 2.2 rom on my galaxy s , and you can get to it by long-pressing the home button . i have used this for frozen apps and for when the os has not quite realized it needs to kill something so the in-focus app does not lag . additionally , you can set how aggressive your os is in killing idle apps . i do this on my phone using ryanza 's one click lag fix ( the lagfix is just for the galaxy s , but i am not sure if the app-killing settings can be used on other devices ) .
i would recommend advanced task killer , which does a great job of showing you which of your apps are currently running and giving you a one-button solution to stopping any that you want .
i have got a reply from es file explorer team , they said that the " share by lan " feature in the " share via " is not for sending files to the pc , it is for sending files to other devices which has es file explorer running on them , on the same network . i have requested a new feature that allows you to send to the pc through share via , but if they decide to build it , it may take a while still before it is out .
i do not know if this was added in a recent release of es file explorer , but you can share to computer with : Share via -&gt; ES Save to... -&gt; Click on the header (under "Choose path")  your lan shares should appear there .
no , nothing will be deleted if you chose to " unmount " first . as your device was not detected , it should not even be mounted , so there is nothing that could " break " . a short explanation on that " mysterious unmount " , though : if your device is " mounted " ( i.e. . you can access its files from your computer ) , for faster reaction and other performance reasons all data transfered is " buffered " ( instead of being written to the storage immediately ) . so " unmounting " tells the system to " flush " those buffers , and thus " commit " ( write ) all buffered data to the storage . if you would simply " plug the line " without unmounting first , not-yet-written data were lost . imagine what that would mean if some larger file was only written partly ( it gets corrupted ) , or if you moved files to the phone which where not yet written at all ( they are " lost in space" ) . so it is always a good safety measure to " unmount " first before plugging out the cable .
buggy firmware . restarted and problem went away .
the easiest solution is to not have a credit card linked to their account . even if you did still have a pin for protection , they could still use the card online with any place that takes google wallet . the pin ( and now password ) really only protects purchases from the device itself . there are a few options that come to mind for them to have paid apps : second google account one option is to add your google account to their phone , and use it for all the purchased apps . when they want to buy an app , they switch over to your account , and then you put in your password to buy it . the downside of this method is that they could easily change the sync settings so they get your contacts , email , etc . temporary second google account alternatively , you could temporarily add your google account , make the purchase , then remove the account . the purchased app will remain on the device and should work , and they will not have access to sync data . but the app will not get any updates , and you will have to do the same process any time they want another app . third google account or you could create a third google account that only is used for purchased apps , and not for emails or contacts . they would still need your password to buy the app , and you would not have to worry about them activating sync for your information . and since the account would remain on their phone , their paid apps could be updated as well . prepaid/gift card another option is to put a prepaid card , or a google play gift card ( min $10 ) , on their account . they can purchase up to the limit of the card , either for paid apps or in-app purchases . alternative app stores you could also try using a different app store , such as amazon 's app store . it has most of the apps that google play store has . it does not have pin/password protection for paid apps ( but it does have that option for in-app purchases ) , but amazon gift cards can be bought in denominations as low as 15 cents . you could just buy the specific amount to cover the app they want , then gift it to them so they can buy the app .
i would check Settings --> Applications --> Running Services first . see anything there that looks rogue ? consuming a lot of memory or the process seems hung up ?
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
you can tap for those words , swype 's autocompletion will use your personal dictionary to finish the rest .
the xperia mini pro and the xperia x10 mini pro are actually different phones . confusing , i know . the former appears to be a " refreshed " version of the latter with your specs .
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
it is the data stores for the apps that are actually to blame . while you have so many apps installed , all the data they create when you use them is still being stored internally ( for speed ) and link2sd has to fiddle with things every time you boot up , which uses internal memory . the best fix for such a low end phone , and i am speaking from experience , is to create an " apps " directory on the ext partition of your sd card , and use titanium backup 's batch option . if an " apps " directory exists on the partition , titanium backup will recognize the partition and list it as a2sd and give you the batch option to move data to the sd card . once you are done with this you will see nearly every bit of internal memory on your phone is now free , and your apps can continue to access their data with no errors .
i am going to suggest a painful solution - when lg provided update to v20d for my country , i felt the rom was utter slow and i had to downgrade to v20c . same could be your situation . but before that : try unchecking Relink lib files at boot and Relink dex files at boot options in link2sd if the above does not work try Clean up the 2nd partition option . remove link for system apps and move it to internal memory . as a last resort , i would try partitioning my sd card and installing back apps in steps to see whether the number of application is the cause of the delay .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
if all else fails . so if you can not install apps from the google store . then you can sideload them with adb . the apk can be found in backup folders from apps like ' titanium backup ' so you can have your friend install it and back it up . then copy the apk . i had a cricket phone that i did not buy service for . . . and they disabled the app " google voice " this sideload method worked to bypass that .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
i have been able to add and edit words on my samsung galaxy s2 running jellybean 4.1.2 by using a free app called quickshortcutmaker . the app allows me to create a home screen shortcut to the user dictionary . a detailed tutorial can be found here : how to add and edit words in the user dictionary on jelly bean 4.1.2
i have used multiple different wall-wart-to-usb chargers . i have not had any issues charging any of my devices on any of the chargers .
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
i know this is an old topic but i want to share some proper information . first : yes , the cheap ones are often poorly designed -- either using fake complacency labels or just barley making it to the standard . that being said , try to avoid using them and if it feels cheap as hell do not use it . as for the usb standard : it is 5v ( this can vary within . 25v due to component values not being exact ) . most computer motherboards supply a maximum of 500ma to usb ports -- it does not mean it will always supply that . the device ( s ) attached to it determines the current draw , the same is true for wall adapters . they will be rated for 500ma 750 ma 1a or 1.5a etc . the important number is the voltage you want to be as close to 5v as you can . all devices have some form of voltage regulation to protect agents slightly high voltage , ( if they dont it is simply bad design ) . the excess energy gets dissipated as heat . android devices are normally ok with power consumption on stand by , but when you start doing a lot of cpu heavy tasks and have all the bells and whistles going ( gps , back light , wifi , lte , cell modem , etc ) it starts drawing a lot of current ( and making the phone hot ) . i have seen phones draw more than 1a with everything running ( the battery still draining while plugged into a 1a rated power adapter ) .
there seems to be a problem with the latest cyanogenmod 7.1.0 and the german locale . possible solutions are some users report that if you search google on your phone for " gmail market " and open the market:// link with the market , gmail will install . use the market enabler to change your mobile provider and download the gmail app . manually install the . apk from this thread
google does not provide some apps in the market , since they are intended for " approved " devices ( ones that meet google 's compatibility guidelines ) . however , i believe they have a special agreement with cyanogenmod where you can flash the apps separately . you can read more about how to install these packages at " how can i install the google apps package ( play store , … ) on my android device ? "
install rom manager from the market and then go to download rom , find google apps in the list and then you can choose the latest and install it . you can also see comments and ratings from other users .
before doing the factory reset , you can turn off backup by unchecking Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Back up my data . the market will remember your paid apps . if you are not going to root and use something like titanium backup for the other apps you do want to keep , you could do something like ls /data/app &gt; /sdcard/apps.txt to record what apps you have and then refer to it afterwards , or use something like app list backup .
the look and feel of cm7 is superior compared to most stock rom 's . so if your reason for not switching from the stock rom is the look n feel , you wont be disappointed with cm7 . get cm7 for your phone from cm . get , install it . once done go to setting --> cyanogenmod settings --> performance --> cpu settings --> change min frequency that is it , but be careful you can screw up your system , there are available governors , i suggest you use them .
if you are using donut you are using an older kernel , or perhaps the presets for your phone from autodetect do not include the desrired frequencies . from setcpu 's manual : in rare situations and in older kernels , and when setcpu cannot get root access , setcpu may not be able to autodetect the full range of speeds supported by the kernel . if this is the case , you can configure setcpu to use custom frequencies . to get started , you will need the list of frequencies your kernel can support in khz ( not mhz ! ) . create a plain text file called “setcpu . txt” and place it on the root directory of your sd card or on your sd card 's ext partition ( /sdcard/ or /system/sd/ ) . the text files should sort the frequencies on one line by comma , from lowest to highest . for example , the following is a valid config file : 125000,250000,500000,550000,600000 to store the custom frequency list on your phone , save it as “setcpu” with no extension and put it in /data/ . setcpu reads from the sd card first and uses that text file if present , then tries to read from /data/ . to configure setcpu to read your custom frequencies , go back to the device selection screen ( in the main tab , press menu > device selection ) , choose “show other frequencies” if necessary , and choose the custom config option at the very bottom . if you do not want to do that , you can also manually choose a different model of phone that offers the frequencies you are looking to use instead of using auto detect .
it is my understanding that some roms allow for overclocking , whereas others dont . it depends on how the kernel is setup . i couldnt overclock my samsung galaxy s2 for example on the stock rom with it rooted . i could however once i installed cyanogen . perhaps that is the case .
is your phone synced to your google account ? if yes , go to https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?pli=1#contacts then click on the " more " button and select " restore contacts " . google saves all changes that were made to your contacts in the last 30 days .
using the following diagram from developer . android . com you can see where it falls in the specs : it is 3 inches diagonally - it falls in the " small " category . it is 133ppi - which is definitely ldpi .
as a worst case solution , you could try factory resetting your phone . you might also attempt to connect your phone to a pc and enable usb transfer , then eject your phone to see if this clears the issue .
when you say you turned your phone off and on , did you actually shut it down ( hold down power button to get the menu ) , or just press the power button to turn the screen off ? i would expect a shutdown and restart to clear this problem .
i solved this by plugging in my phone to a computer and choosing charge only . it was using cpu and draining my battery until i fixed it .
please keep in mind these are developer options , and may be of no use , or have a negative impact on the performance of your device . force gpu rendering the gpu is the graphics processing unit . it is very much like the cpu , but instead of crunching numbers and taking care of tasks for the operating system and hardware , the gpu renders graphical information and puts it on the screen for you . the cpu can process graphical instructions just fine , but doing so takes time away from doing other computations , and can lead to lag while graphical instructions are processed in ice cream sandwich onwards , developers ( or power users ) are given the option to force apps to use gpu rendering , whether that bit is on or off in the app 's manifest . this does not necessarily make the app faster , and may cause issues . disable non-rectangular clip ops this is too technical for me to explain in great detail . basically a " canvas " is used for drawing . the source code for android contains this : you could turn it off to create unusual ( non rectangular ) canvas areas . see here for more details on this force 4x msaa force 4x msaa does not require a rooted device . this option does the same as any anti aliasing filter in pc games - smooths out all the pixelization and provides better rendering , which means better looking graphics . users should know that this function is only recommended for devices that have gpu capable of native msaa support . as @danhulme put it : windows in android are always composited rather than rendered into shared video memory . normally , SurfaceFlinger uses the gpu for composition , but it will use a hardware overlay when that is possible , which is faster and uses less battery . disabling overlays means it will always use gpu rendering . it is only useful for debugging system integration or hw video decode : even app developers do not need to turn on this option from wikipedia in signal processing and related disciplines , aliasing is an effect that causes different signals to become indistinguishable ( or aliases of one another ) when sampled . it also refers to the distortion or artifact that results when the signal reconstructed from samples is different from the original continuous signal . disable hw overlays without a hardware overlay every application that is displaying things on the screen will share video memory and will have to constantly check for collision and clipping to render a proper image , this can cost a lot of processing power . with a hardware overlay each application gets its own portion of video memory , getting rid of the need to check for collision and clipping .
have you tried using a different music app ? you might get better results from say doubletwist or winamp .
i got curious enough about this that i actually wrote my own little program that captures the " media button " events that are driving this functionality . i was able to determine that the car is doing something that translates into a " media_play_pause " keycode to start the playing . then when you tell it to play or pause while it is on , it issues another " media_play_pause . " but when you turn the car off ( or turn off the audio in the car ) , it issues a " media_stop " . the music players ( both winamp and the default music app anyway--i did not try others ) respond to the media_stop by resetting the song position to the beginning and ceasing to play the music . so to get what i want , i would have to somehow intercept the stop command and turn it into a " pause " instead . or somehow get the music apps not reset the song position when they receive as " stop . "
there is no direct equivalent in android . each app has its own directory in /data/data ( for a multi-user system , it is <code> /data/users/ n </code> ) . apps are encouraged to show a metadata-based view of user data , instead of requiring the user to worry about individual files . each app stores the files and databases that hold its documents , and its configuration files , in its directory . for data that already live in files , the sd card contains appropriately-named directories such as /sdcard/Music , /sdcard/Movies , which are shared between all apps ( with the appropriate permission ) .
as far as i know , applications ( especially non-root ones ) can not modify the power menu . if you long-press the power menu , there should only be the " power off " item as you mentioned . if you see the other items on the menu , you are not in the real decryption screen . or alternatively you could input a false password and see if it is accepted without verification , which would imply phishing .
google apps ( gapps ) is the only way to sync with google . whatcustom rom have you downloaded , and which device do you own ? try to find gapps installation somewhere else .
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
solved by using manual method , searching and do " trial and error " on each files .
to update the path variable inside a running adb shell you can use the expect command . this works on a non-rooted phone where you can not edit system files as suggested in the other answers . put the following script somewhere on the path of your development machine , for example in ~/bin/adb-shell-busybox: you can also inject any other setup commands that you might need .
by default stock android mksh uses this config file : /system/etc/mkshrc
additionally to what @alex-p wrote , you can set the ENV environment variable to override the path of the mkshrc file used . all login shells also read /system/etc/profile and $HOME/.profile ( these are a good place to export ENV ) . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
because android apps do not have an " exit " button like pc and mac programs do , when you leave chrome ( or any other app ) , it is designed to preserve all the state so that it'll be there for you next time . if it closed all the tabs every time , then whenever you try to " share " a link , or paste some information into email , or even if you take a phone call while you are browsing , you had get back to the browser to find all your tabs gone . that is why there is no setting to do this automatically . on a phone , if you want to " exit " chrome , closing all tabs , then go to the tabs view , press the menu key or the three-dots icon to bring up the menu , and choose close all tabs . then hit the back key . on a tablet , i am afraid the only way is to close each tab with the little ⊗ button .
the post you link says that a more recent ota update fixes the problem . if you are not comfortable rooting the phone , i suggest you wait a few days and apply that update when your phone offers . to answer your other queries about rooting : yes , you can unroot again ( and lock the bootloader ) once you have changed whatever settings you like . while the phone is unrooted , ota updates will not apply . applying an ota update afterwards may undo the settings you have change : we can only guess whether they will or not . in this case , since the next ota update fixes the problem , it probably will change the tethering flag . fwiw , the problem you are seeing is not that the phone does not have the ability to tether any more . kitkat adds new tethering features , and it seems ( from the descriptions online ) that the update had the accidental side-effect of making t-mobile ( and some other carriers ) think that your plan does not allow tethering when it should . whether tethering is allowed is a matter between you and your carrier , not android . if tethering is disallowed in your contract with the carrier , and you try to do it anyway , they have every right to stop you . many carriers have other means to detect and block it that do not rely on the phone . it seems to be an accident that users on some carriers are being blocked when they should not be , and that is what the work-around ( and the official update ) avoids .
i am not using your device but doing a quick search i found this : before using art , you have to enable expanding memory in settings -> extras ! you might want to do that before enabling art next time . you can get more infos on here
the first boot after swapping to art generally takes a little longer to boot . after that it then recompiles every app using the new runtime before you can actually use the device . during this stage the device actually displays a message with it is current progress . if it never gets to that stage then there is a decent chance that android is stuck trying to boot . if it is stuck in a bootloop , you should see your phone continually swap from the htc boot logo to the cm boot logo and back again . if it is stuck on just the cm boot logo then there is a chance that it is actually booting and just taking a long time .
i think i may have figured out the cause and a makeshift solution for this bug , at least one that ( finally ) works for me , and that i have not seen mentioned often elsewhere . on my tablet ( nexus 7 2nd gen ) , i had seen the mediaserver bug very often and practically given up trying to solve it . however , on my phone ( i9505g aka sgs4 gpe ) , i had not seen the bug once . both devices were running 100% stock android 4.3 . then one day i noticed the bug rearing its ugly head on my phone too . i had not copied any new files to the device recently , so that threw any theories about " corrupt media files " out the window . i racked my brains and realized the only thing i would done differently in the past 24 hours was played a game ( rayman jungle run ) on the phone , which i usually only use for calls , emails , and e-books . on my tablet however , i play rayman jungle run often . so , i just ran this sequence of tests on both my phone and tablet , with the same results . full charge . fresh boot . run for several hours . result : no mediaserver drain . launch rayman , play for 1 minute . return to home screen but do not force close the app . wait a little while . result : mediaserver drain begins . force close the rayman app ( i used an elixir shortcut to do this , but using the apps menu should work fine ) . wait a couple hours . result : mediaserver drain has stopped ! i did a lot of searches on the web and only found one other reference to similar phenomenon , and that post referenced the rayman game as well as another game called super hexagon or something . the apparent lesson here is that certain apps have the ability to trigger the mediaserver bug . in my case at least , it has nothing to do with what media files i have on the device , or what google services i allow/prevent running ( these are both things i see frequently quoted as supposed solutions ) . i would also hypothesize that if you have an app which triggers the mediaserver drain , and this app autoruns at startup or any periodic time intervals , then the only surefire solution in that case would be to uninstall the app , unfortunately . this could explain why some people do not find that rebooting helps . . . if the offending app runs at startup , of course the drain will begin right away also .
for me , rebooting the nexus 4 several times did not help . the first time i started using the mobile phone , i logged in without the google account . so , i did factory reset and made sure i logged-in with the google account . this seems to have fixed the issue .
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
i had the very same problem with android 4.1.2 . tablet . tried everything found on several forums , and the result was - nothing worked . mediaserver kept draining my battery . intuitively , i tried two things : 1 . unmounted sd card where i keep all sorts of media files . 2 . deleted downloaded pictures from " download " folder . result = problem solved . then remounted the sd card - battery life still normal ! conclusion : bloody mediaserver keeps scanning the downloaded pictures and drains the battery . simplicity is always the answer !
the mediaserver process scans your device for media files to add to your library . however , the 2012/12/12 ( perhaps some more ) gapps version is broken and gets stuck in an infinite loop on unfamiliar files on your phone . this directly translates to battery drain and is bad for the lifetime of your battery and other phone components . when running your phone for the first time or when starting media applications , the mediaserver is invoked and will commence the horror . how to fix : reboot phone and do not start a media application . put a .nomedia file on your sd card root to prevent library search , thus preventing mediaserver from getting stuck . this means no media library ! wait for the glorious google to fix this anomaly . downgrade your android firmware + gapps to a version which lacks this bug . use an iphone/windows phone modify the gapps ( mediaserver . apk ) to support all kinds of files normally . ( advanced + time consuming )
afaik it is not currently possible . . . check tis forum : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/njde0koxkui
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but there should be something similar to Settings &gt; More Networks &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access Point Names &gt; [APN] in the s3 . you can change the proxy and port from there .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
you can lock messages that you want to retain in your phone . iirc long pressing the message will give you the option to lock the message .
as far as i know , every os makes the change at the officially scheduled time for your timezone . this is different in different timezones , but if you have previously observed your windows clock changing at a particular time , you will see any other os changing at the same time . the exact time is set by the government : programmers do not just pick a time they think would be nice .
no android does not block if you are not on a cellular network . did a ota update of my galaxy nexus a couple of weeks back without inserting a sim . i think htc has released no more newer builds for your phone hence you do not see it .
with the backing of dotvezz , summing up from the comments : considering the specifications , this is quite unlikely : range of the nfc signal is limited to a max of 10 cm on " clear view " ( see wikipedia ) material with a greater density will reduce this even more : air ~ 0.001 g/cm 3 versus lithium ~ 0.53 g/cm 3 makes rawly a 500-times-density difference , so a factor of 10 ( as i mentioned in my comment ) probably is a huge under-estimation even calculating with a factor of ~10 , this would reduce the range to below 1 cm . and you will rather have to more than double that factor . with few devices being thinner than . 8 mm , your wish is close to impossible of being fulfilled .
the way font handling works is your android device has files in the system/fonts folder that control the font for certain aspects of the android system . one of them is the clock , the text , etc . in order to change these you need to rename your font file ( let 's say its helvetica . ttf ) to android-clock . ttf to change the font of the clock . do this for all the files in the system/font folder to change all the font on your phone . now , the japanese characters . . . i am not sure if the characters are handled differently than the english characters . i assume they are not , and this is why when you change the font they look strange . it is probably because the font file does not have the ability to change how these characters work , and is not sure how to deal with them . you may have to find a font that is compatible with both english/japanese characters .
i waited very impatiently for the jellybean update for few days last week and finally did this to get jb on my galaxy nexus . manually trigger the update by clearing the data in google services framework and then check for system update in settings . you might have to do this multiple times though . i had to do it 5 times to get the update . you might be lucky to get it in fewer attempts as well . btw , i got my phone from us and i stay in india . i am not really sure if this really matters .
i had the same problem : i bought my phone from amazon . com and got stuck on 4.0.2 with no ota upgrades . when i looked into it , it turned out that i was running a firmware ( yakjujp ) that was set to get updates from samsung , as opposed to getting them directly from google . first you need to determine if your device is receiving updates directly from google , which you can tell from its build name . i ended up temporarily installing this application ( warning : contains gratuitous ads ) and looking at the " brand " field . if you are not on " yakju " then you will need to switch builds in order to get official updates from google . i followed these painful windows instructions while i really should have looked at these ones instead ( and ignored most of the steps given how much easier this process is on linux ) . the whole procedure can be summarized like this : backup your phone . unlock the boot loader ( which erases everything ) . reboot into fastboot ( hold down volume up and volume down then press the power button ) . flash all of the different firmware images . reboot and reinstall/reconfigure apps . this is summarized from a blog post i wrote about manually moving to the " vanilla " 4.0.4 yakju firmware , and shortly after i received the 4.1.1 ota update from google .
there are many variations of the galaxy nexus . most likely , your phone is yakjuxw , which gets the updates from samsung . the other phone is either yakju or takju , which use google 's own updates , which are released quicker . the versions are interchangeable , if you do not account for international customizations or possible carrier modifications . for example , see my answer here on how to change the yakjuxw firmware to takju jelly bean , which can be then officially upgraded to 4.1.1 via ota .
delivery reports are operator ( sender and receiver ) dependent feature . this will be successful only if both cooperates ( usually happens ) . my operator bsnl is quite unreliable especially to the smss sent to international numbers . several times it has happened for me - i would have not received a delivery report where as the receiver would have replied to my sms ! i would suggest to follow these steps to ensure that the options are set correctly : make sure the delivery report option is ticked . in my lgp500 the user interface is quite confusing if you are in a hurry . make sure the delivery report option is set for sms and not for mms - i fell for this quite a few times when ever i do factory reset . set the validity period to maximum . try sending a test sms to a phone number of the same operator of yours and it will be helpful , if you can ensure the delivery yourself - like getting a reply from the receiver . as @sid said , the delivery reports are just seen as a small glyph like this : in my phone , i also get a toast message ( a message saying delivered for few seconds ) . on long press on the message i had sent , i will have an option view report which will give the status as failure/pending/delivered .
in android , ( particularly in ics ) , you do not get a pop up delivery notification as the ordinary phones . instead there will be a tick in front of the date of your message . that is the maximum delivery notification you get . if you really need some bigger notification , you can use an apps like delivery reports , delivery reporter+ , messaging notification , etc .
rooting your phone without a custom rom can be used to removed crapware . i have a french " orange " htc desire , and here is what i did to remove the orange apps : use unrevoked to root your phone ( close eclipse because it can prevent unrevoked from detecting the reboot , use usb drive mode if you try to root on a mac as they say it is more reliable ) once you are finished , reboot your phone in recovery mode ( shutdown , press the - key and the power button at the same time ) mount the /system partition as read/write ( easy , it is a simple gui ) open a shell on the phone with the command " adb shell " get a root shell with the command " su " go the /system/apps folder and remove whatever you want with rm ( remove both apk and odex files that you do not need ) close your shell unmount the /system partition reboot with this method , i removed the useless tetris and other games demos that were on my phone . i still do not know if rooting your phone will prevent me from getting ota updates in the future , that is why i have not got a custom rom yet .
use titanium backup , it will let you uninstall system apps simply and easily if you have root . rooting will not prevent you from getting ota updates ( how would the network know you are rooted ? ) in general , and you can almost certainly un-root if you want to update later .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
" in the case of devices without true external storage , it is still necessary for android to provide an emulated external storage in order to remain compatible with older apps . in other words the ram is physically internal ( non-removable ) but a section of it is partitioned and the android file-system apis treat that partition as being " external " and world-readable . " taken from answer by @squonk stackexchange-url as to where to store your downloads at storage/sdcard . the others are symlinks to that location . a symlink is a shortcut , a low-level pointer . a symlink will look like the linked file is actually there , rather than it just being a shortcut . once you tap on it , it’ll be directed toward the actual file location and run/use data from there .
as usual , a factory reset is a possible last-ressort to sort things out and see whether the problem is software-related . and even if the problem remains , this way you do not need to worry about your data in alien hands : ) as a factory reset wipes all data ( and 3rd party apps ) from your device , you of course want to backup as much as possible , to be able to restore it later . without root , this get 's a little complicated -- but not impossible , if you are running android 4 . x . since starting with ics ( 4.0 ) , adb supports a full backup of non-rooted devices . which brings us to a seemingly chicken-and-egg problem : you cannot establish an usb connection , which is the most common pre-condition for an adb connection . but fear not , there is a solution for that as well : you can connect android with adb via wifi as well , and there is even a little app called wifi adb to help you with that 1 : wifi adb makes it easy to debug/test your android apps directly on device via wifi tcp/ip connection . no need to use usb cable . trouble again is this requires root . having a rooted device , you could of course also use titanium backup to backup your apps and data 2 .
if just for your phone - you can simply put files manually via root explorer , reset permissions and reboot .
place you apks in system/app/ framework-res . apk goes into system/framework/ remove those apks which yours ' are replacing . now you can use the kitchen to cook your rom and then flash away : ) make sure that the apks do not have spaces in their filename . they should be flashed without issues .
just change the extension by deleting one letter ie ( instead of . apk write . ap ) worked for me !
i have experienced this with nexus devices . i think nexus does not allow receiving apk files over bluetooth . the easiest workaround i have found is to zip the file and then send it to your device . the zip can be then uncompressed on your phone / tablet and the apk can be used to install the app . ( to install the app , make sure you have enabled ' install apps from unknown sources ' from security settings )
you can use airdroid app to copy the apk file into your mobile ( it has a web interface ) , once copied , you can start the install from within the web interface on your computer . bluetooth has been a hit and miss for me too on my nexus devices , i find that it works really well with some roms ( usually stock-based , mostly with fixes for bluetooth ) and terribly on some others ( usually nightlies or pre-final releases of heavily tweaked or custom roms like cm ) .
make sure you have the option to install apps from unknown sources checked in settings . on 4.0 ( ics ) , it is under the " security and screen lock " menu ; your nexus 7 is running jelly bean , it may be in a different place .
just rename the extension . apk to . . mp3 .
the reason why this is not supported , is exactly the same as why you cannot send an . exe attached to an email . this is to prevent people from sending malicious software to phones that are not protected . that is why most android phones will not allow sending apk 's over bluetooth . if you still want to send apks over bluetooth , it is best to hide the extension ( apk ) from the application and phone ( eg . by zipping or changing the extension ) . that way you can trick the phone in still accepting the application . you have to then unzip or rename the package to retrieve the apk . another way , as mentioned by other people already , is to use an 3rd party application ( like airdroid ) . this will allow you to transfer the apk . if you want to install the application , you have to be sure to have " install apps from unknown sources " enabled . because if you do not enable this , only apps from google play will be accepted .
i had a similar problem . i had enabled mobile tracker and that why the sms 's were going . disable the tracker and the sms'es will not be send out on sim change .
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
before changing the sim , set your phone to flight mode . then switch it off , and change the sim . switch on after 5 minutes , and disable the flight mode . it will help you save your balance deduction .
i had a droid 1 . screen got very jittery when i used a non-oem charging cable , unless i held the back of the phone in a certain way . also noticed this when running cyanogen ver 6.0 . went back to the stock rom . finally starting doing it again . i ended up sending it back and getting a warranty replacement . factory reset did not fix it . warranty replacement works fine .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
i decided " f it " and pulled the sd card and did a factory reset . the problem still persists so it is most definitely a hardware issue . i guess i will have to take it in :/ .
no , you would have to modify the core files in android in order to do that .
if you have a launcher like launcherpro or adw launcher , you can just hit the menu button in any homescreen and click notifications . that however does not help if you are in another app and want to bring down the notification area , unfortunately . in lp , you can also configure a swipe action to pull down the notification area . there is also hellostatusbar which is an app that when clicked will bring down the bar . one workaround maybe to launch it and then while in another app , long-press home to make it show in the recently used app list . if it works , i would recommend exsbar which allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function .
there are programs like tasker , and llama that can automate things like that for you . but the problem here is how to tell those program that you are inside your car . if the conditions were like time of day , location or battery percentage you could easily use those programs to accomplish such task . in programs like tasker and llama , you can create task so that your lock screen will be disabled when you plug in headphone . but the problem here is , if anyone , anywhere plugs in the headphone your lock screen will get disabled . also sony recently release nfc tag . maybe you can have one such device in your car and provided that you have nfc in your phone you can just tag it and the lock screen will be disabled . and maybe tag it again before leaving the car to enable the lock screen again .
it appears that the way to do this is to use a car home/dashboard type application , such as samsung home . when i start this app and do not press the power button - allowing the screen to go off by itself - the pin lock is not activated and i can access any of the functionality on the home screen . this is probably true for other car home apps as well . this is not completely automated , but i am leery of any automated solution , as it would allow anyone to bypass the lock screen ( a possible exception would be car home apps that activate upon a bluetooth connection ) .
there are apps available that allow you to distinguish between locking your phone and it idling out . for example , it is a good security practice to have your phone lock whenever you hit the lock button , but understandable that you do not want it locking 10 seconds after you place it on the passenger seat . you can have the screen timeout after 20 seconds , but wait 120 seconds ( or more , if you prefer ) before it auto- locks . i know that juice defender provides such options . some apps ( such as the music app ) have the ability of adding ' widgets ' to your lock screen . this is even more apparent on custom roms ( such as cyanogenmod ) , which allow apps to respond to ' gestures ' on the lockscreen .
i do not think so . while you are ( they are ) on to something with the high amount of untapped cpu cycles accessible via android ( and other mobile ) phones - the limiting factor tends to be that users do not want their batteries drained to compute fractals ( or something of the sort ) . if you were to create a service , however , that worked only while the phones were charging , that would be a completely different matter . however , doing so greatly reduces the time that would be available to tap those cpu cycles . [ edit ] - and further notes . . . at one point i had investigated ( fairly heavily ) creating a distributed database system that would reside on mobile phones to support basic apps that did not want to rely on a rest service . ultimately , it came down to the lack of unlimited power that made it not worthwhile . the goal still seems a bit of a holy grail in mobile application programming - create a distributed system that can take a service and database schema , and then add in a discovery and hash system to keep track of live nodes that had data . moving all of that information around could bog down a 3g connection - but a few years from now that will not be much of an issue i think .
it is always enabled on the kindle fire . you simply need to add the fire 's device id to your android_usb.ini file so that the google adb drivers will find it . you can do this from the command line very easily with : echo 0x1949 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini  then restart adb adb kill-server adb start-server  and you should be good to go . if it still will not recognize it then you may need to go into the " manage " menu and uninstall the fire , then unplug it and plug it in again ( i do not remember if that step was necessary ) .
the syncronization between google reader ( web ) and google listen ( phone app for listening podcasts ) is limited to podcast subscriptions and marking episodes as read/listened and unread/unlistened . there is no direct way to add episodes to your listen " my listen items " queue from reader . you can still access old episodes from listen by scrolling down and clicking repeatedly on the " load more episodes . . . " link at the bottom , and you can add them to queue from there . of course , this is not as friendly as selecting them from reader . however , here 's a workaround that might work : in google reader , add a specific tag of your choice to the old episodes you are interested in . in google reader , go to " manage subcriptions -> folders and tags " to make your tag public . access the public page of the tag to get its atom feed . that link should be a valid podcast feed containing only the episodes you have tagged ( even from multiple different podcasts ) . ( this is the step i cound't get to work ) somehow subscribe to that created feed from listen . since you can not add a tag directly to a folder in reader , you need to subscribe to the atom feed of the tag , and from " manage subscriptions " add that feed to the " listen subscriptions " folder . however , i coulnd't get listen to show any items in that subscription , even though it looks ok when viewed in reader . these questions might also help : podcast app which supports old episodes well ? alternative to google listen ?
this is usual android disconnection response . it is to do with your phone checking in with the closest antenna when you end a call . perhaps this will help explain the speed a little : http://images.cellphones.org/cell_phone_calls.jpg p.s. i just hit end call then home or lock screen and put it in my pocket :- )
first of all , do a nandroid backup to save the current state of the phone . get a rom that can be flashed via recovery ( usually . zip , not . img or . tar . img ) , then just execute : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push &lt;romname.zip&gt; /sdcard  if the first option to mount the sdcard fails , you can manually mount if from recovery . also sdcard path might vary from rom or recovery . once the rom is uploaded to the phone , you can then use the recovery option to install it . if you are comming from a different rom , be sure to wipe /system , /data and /cache .
i have not ever found a way in any the settings to adjust this . i think the time is hard coded . i completely agree with you about the time before it would close , for this reason , i disable it unless i am testing something and need it for a specific test .
here is a guide for resetting the samsung galaxy ace : http://forum.gsmhosting.com/vbb/f777/guide-samsung-galaxy-ace-hard-reset-1247841/ if you are a fan of youtube , here is a video that has the same info : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhykjinjopm it is basically the same way you reset all of the android devices : settings --> privacy --> factory reset --> reset --> yes , erase everything you might want to try to see if you can update your os before you do a factory reset , just to make sure an update would not fix the problem .
there is an app available in the market called buttonremapper , and the developer has a thread open on xda that you can find here . there is a version specifically designed for the samasung galaxy s ( which i think is what the nexus s was based off ? see my edit below . ) so you might want to try that version first , but i think your best bet is going to be trying this app and seeing if it lets you do what you want . oh , this app requires root access . all the standard disclaimers apply . edit : based on this link they seem close but have important internal differences . i am not sure how that will affect whether or not that app made for the galaxy s will work for you .
i am guessing you have tried double clicking it ? on my phone ( dell streak ) , a double-click skips to the next track . might just be doubletwist that , though , i am not sure .
please visit http://www.twofortyfouram.com/support.html q : i see the shortcut setting opens apps . . . how do i kill apps ? a : android treats memory differently than a desktop computer . when leaving an app , it is paused rather than killed , so that returning to it later is faster . if android needs more memory , it will automatically close apps that have been paused but have not been used recently . because android manages memory automatically , " task killer " apps are not necessary . google has blocked " task killer " apps for android 2.2 and later . while it is not possible to " kill " apps on android , the shortcut setting can be used to simulate this behavior by bringing the home screen to the foreground . to do this , simply create a new shortcut setting that opens the " launcher " or " home " app ( on htc devices , the launcher might be called " htc sense" ) . when the setting is fired , it will bring the home screen to the foreground , pausing whatever application was previously on the screen .
this is very application-specific , ( for torque ) , so maybe not that helpful for others , but the author from torque answered my question : Send an intent - 'org.prowl.torque.REQUEST_TORQUE_QUIT' and it should shutdown gracefully  looks like i need a little programming . well already planned doing a bit more than just my " hello world " i did until now : )
you can use rules like this in your custom scripts : $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -m owner --uid-owner 12345 --destination "192.168.1.0/24" -j RETURN  instead of 12345 , you need to specify the uid assigned to the app ; you can find that uid in the list of apps in droidwall . remember that uids are assigned dynamically , and if the app is removed , the uid previously assigned to it may be assigned to a completely different app installed later . there are some enhancement requests for droidwall ( #275 , #253 ) requesting to add such feature , but developers did not respond to them yet .
this one took me a while . go into " personalize tweetcaster " in settings and change " url action " to " ask " .
full device/disk encryption can only be done correct with os privileges . that is why there is no such app . but newer android versions and some roms provide this features . have a look at " are there any known rom ( s ) with full device encryption incorporated ? "
these sites may not comply with your requirements , but they may be still be useful ( and have more than 10 recipes ) . pocketables tasker wikidot xda the ultimate noob/beginners guide to tasker if you are looking for a book , try : developing android on android : automate your device with scripts and tasks related question that was closed : useful or cool tasker recipes
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
you may try wallpaper changer from " j4velin development " . i hope this may do the trick for you . you can also customize the desktop by rotating a bunch of wallpapers . this app automatically adjust the background in the best possible way . i know you found out your own way . but if you are interested , give it a try via this link
you just have to enable usb debugging mode . go to settings scroll down to developer options . under that the first option is usb debugging . enable that
i found the solution thanks to ' related ' items which show up in green on the right side of this page , such as " how to change android primary google account " , and other related threads . i went to settings , accounts and sync , clicked on the gmail account , remove account , then add account , at which point i entered my existing gmail account ( the one that i know the password for ) and when i went to playstore it opened and i am now in . thank you .
i also own the same phone had the same problem . the solution : start your phone before it restarts , switch off bluetooth . it might restart again after switching off bluetooth but once done it will work well without restarting .
if that does not work repair it with sus update service ( sus ) http://www.sonymobile.com/gb/tools/update-service/ update_service_setup-2.11.12.5 . exe
wipe system data in recovery . then , flash the phone .
yes , firefox wastes too much space ( especially when showing open tabs ) , maybe they fix that someday . in the meantime , have you tried with chrome for android ? it has new gestures to switch between tabs : in chrome for android , you’ll be able to : swipe horizontally across the top toolbar to quickly switch tabs . drag vertically down from the toolbar to enter into the tab switcher view . drag down from the menu to open the menu and select the item you want without having to lift your finger .
it might be helpful : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2076327 theh file system could be ext4 - probably the most popular linux file system .
on yesterday 's cyanogenmod nightly , i performed the following steps : unmount the sd card in the ui erase the sd card in the ui ( this recreates the partition table itself and creates a new fat32 fs ) unmount the sd card again , if needed plug in the phone open a shell with adb shell su to root ( this has to be enabled in settings ) run make_ext4fs /dev/block/mmcblk1p1 to create the new ext4 fs mount the sd card in the ui ( you will have to unplug the phone to do this ) reopen the root shell and run chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to give the folder the expected owner run chmod 775 /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to make the sdcard writable having done this , the card is mounted automatically by cyanogenmod , and it can be written to from file managers without root privileges . i also copied music and pictures to the filesystem , and after a reboot , they are indexed and shown in apollo and gallery . i have only been using it for less than a day , but it is been working like a better fat32 fs so far .
yes it works ! however there is no guarantee that it will work with every dvi screen .
first , you need a " dyndns " account , so from outside , you can connect to your home network without knowing the ( daily changing ) public ip . then , you install ssh on the nas ( i guess you will use linux , e.g. ubuntu server lts ) . i would recommend forwarding another port to ssh , like 12345 , in order to stop at least basic , automated scans from finding your ssh server . as client , i would recommend es file explorer . connect to your nas by sftp . it is using strong encryption .
my solution , which seems to be working so far , is quite related to what was proposed by t0mm13b . that proposal was to adjust the dhcp settings . however , my router is quite limited in functionality and it is impossible to adjust wifi settings on it . insane , i know . so , i set my phone to use a static ip address instead of using dhcp . so far , so good .
three things that springs to mind channel number of the wifi 's broadcast for the ssid ( the identifier of the wifi network ) , try changing it to another channel ? wifi sleep policy , go into settings > wifi , hit menu , tap on advanced , keep wifi on during sleep , set that to ' never ' lease time on the dhcp 's ip address , there is a persistent bug in the wifi driver ( well it existed in gb ) if the lease time is set to -1 ( which is standard de-facto for " unlimited" ) , the wifi mechanism within the rom has difficulty in understanding that -1 i.e. negative number for the lease time , which results in similar problems with connecting to the wifi . try setting the lease time to a positive range , eg , 7200 seconds , or 2 hours and see what happens .
there are newer radios out there that greatly improve the radios . https://dl.dropbox.com/u/19045917/411_radios.zip since you are rooted i assume you know how to flash radios .
uhhh , you are going about this the wrong way . you do not adb push the flash image onto the handset itself then adb shell into it and flash from there . the two reasons being is that from the adb shell it cannot " see " the recovery partition and does not know anything about it ! there is limited space within the /data mount point which could have contributed to the endless stalling . . . the correct way to do this is from the pc side , put the handset into fast-boot mode or boot-loader mode , plug in the cable into handset and use the fastboot flash recovery recovery.img then reboot the handset via fastboot reboot , holding down the volume down key to get into recovery mode . the windows equivalent of the fastboot command would be fastboot-windows iirc .
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
the locale of the app is based on the system wide locale , afaik , there is no way of setting each application to use a specific language regardless of how the system wide locale is set . that is , the developers of such applications have taken for granted that , if the system wide locale is set , then the android run-time will select the appropriate locale for the application , provided that the application has the necessary resource for that language built into the application . if there is no locale for internationalization within the application , it will fall back on us english by default even if the system-wide setting is other than that . i have not seen such an application where it prompts to select the language specifically within it at run-time and force it to use it regardless of system-wide setting . edit : after a bit of google-fu , came across this site titled ' google now with independent locale : google now tweaked for use in your own language [ root only ] ' so give that a shot and see if that would help you : )
i was just looking for the same thing to be able to run my phone in english , but my navigation application in my native language ( dutch ) . i found a program called localized apps program on xda developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1174443 it lets you create a shortcut for an app for a different language ( it actually changes your phone language and returns it to normal when you close the program ) . credits to xda user thiagolr for creating this program .
try going to /data/media , it should be the same folder as /sdcard . i think the files you are trying to delete might be virtual , i had this exact problem while trying to clean up in /sdcard/Android/data until i realized that i could also find them at the path specified .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
you can download an app like quickpic that is a local gallery viewer and delete only local copies that way . it is probably the easiest way . i have no idea why google photos has no options to delete only the local copy , forgetting such an essential feature is such a google thing to do .
when using the photos app it will do that for you . if you use the gallery app it will only manipulate the local images , therefore deleting the local ones . the gallery app comes with nexus 4 .
can you not use a usb otg ( on the go ) cable . it will have a connection ( microusb ) at one end to fit to your tablet and a usb connection at the other ( for many peripherals ) . this should surely connect your x box controller to your tablet . they are very cheap as well . alternatively , and maybe to be used in conjunction with see the following article from pocketables entitled " guide to game controllers on android " written by a . odegard on may 9th 2012 http://www.pocketables.com/2012/05/guide-to-game-controllers-on-android.html its is an excellent read
i am afraid the only way you would be able to connect the controller to your xoom is to purchase the aforementioned usb otg ( on-the-go ) adapter .
you can unlock phones a few ways : 1 ) buy an unlocked phone 2 ) unlock via 3rd party software that will more than likely result in a voided warranty 3 ) wait for carrier commitment to be up and then ask them to unlock . the thing with trying to unlock phones from different carriers though , is that verizon is cdma and att is gsm . so with that , you can unlock the phone yes , but whether it will work on att ( be it at all or how well ) is up to you . my guess is that voice/text will work fine , but you will not get any data until you edit the apn and then it is up in the air .
yes you cannot change it unless you have root access . but you can disable it if you do not like it . go to settings => sounds => deselect the Touch Sounds option . just in case you have root access , go to /System/media/audio/ui/ and replace the file named touch.ogg or tick.ogg or effec_tick.ogg or the one with a similar name .
if you really do that often , compile/install image magic and use a script . https://github.com/lilac/android-imagemagick you will dread the though of going back to the lame algo in those apps .
there is a fairly new app called perfectly clear which allows you to select multiple images and apply corrections to all of them at once in batch . you could also set a preset and apply the enhancements the same way for all images . fair warning , for the more advanced features they have in-app purchases .
this is a common problem with android and ubuntu . i got around this by using adb to transfer the data . turn adb on in your phones settings and make sure you have downloaded the adb package on your computer ( http://www.webupd8.org/2012/08/install-adb-and-fastboot-android-tools.html ) . then run in terminal : adb devices  to check that your device is recognized . once you have done that you can transfer files using : adb pull /sdcard/place_on_phone ~/place_on_computer  and adb push ~/place_on_computer /sdcard/place_on_phone  this is a bit of a self plug but i did make a small shell script that does this automatically at : http://opensynx.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=linux
i do not own a galaxy tab but some tablets have a hard reset button similar to windows power reset button . it is generally a small hole and you can use a pin to reboot the device by pressing the pin in the hole for few seconds . basically what it does is it reboots the tablet . you do not require to wait for the battery drain .
you most probably see this , right : this is the galaxy tab 's ' download mode ' to install new firmware as a last resort via samsung 's odin or to side-load aftermarket firmware . you can wait for the battery to drain by itself without taking further action .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
try using the format +bbaa12345678 in your contacts ( so you replace the 0 by a + sign ) .
you can try if this app works . contact number formatter it works for us telephone numbers , not sure about brazilian numbers .
given that mcafee himself ( who has had nothing to do with the software for years after selling it to intel ) describes the product as " the worst software on the planet " , i would take the refund and be grateful at dodging that bullet . i will not recommend a particular one , but you could buy six copies of a competing android security product for what a year 's subscription to mcafee live safe costs .
it does not look good i am afraid . you would need to be able to see ' something ' relating to the phone from a ' lsusb ' command to be able to use odin to recover your device without cracking it open . you have probably already seen this , but it looks like the jtagbox is your best bet . good luck !
if you want just to enter your shifts and make them repeat , so you can see when you working or not , there are plenty of such apps on the android market , for example - shift work schedule ( this one is free ) .
as far as i can tell , this is not possible within android 's calendar apps . it is possible , however , in google calendar 's web app . if you are syncing with a google account , you can go to google calendar and set up events to repeat every 5 weeks . you would have to set up each segment separately , but you could then set that segment to repeat every five weeks . for example : go to google calendar add an event for one day of work ( say , a single night shift ) edit event . . . check box for " repeat . . . " in the popup that appears , set to repeat every 5 weeks , and select the days that week that have the same schedule ( e . g . , mon , tues , wed ) . repeat for each segment in your schedule . if you use the same google account to sync your calendar to your phone , the schedule should appear shortly .
i just installed orbot awhile ago , and i got it working on my rooted samsung galaxy s4 . you need to set the proxy for your apn . go to System Settings &gt; More networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; APN . open your existing apn , and take note of the settings . you need to make a clone of this apn ( so that you will still have the original apn , and have another apn that goes through tor ) . go back to the apns page , and create a new apn , copying the settings from the other apn . then , set these : proxy : localhost port : 8118 after that , make sure you select the newly-created apn as your new apn . your network will refresh in a bit . open your browser and open check.torproject.org . if it was successful , you should see something like this : warning : if you use the gmail app ( or in my case , kaiten configured with my gmail ) , it may detect unauthorized access , and you may be asked to reset your gmail password online .
if you deny superuser access it works . at least on my vzw s4 it does .
the youtube 5 app released this week ( aug 20 , 2013 ) supports hangouts on air . the previous version of the app apparently did not .
not sure if this is it . from google support : the youtube app will not work with hangouts on air . so if you use hangouts on air , your viewers will only see the video call , not your playlist or the videos .
download samsung kies , and install it . it will install all the drivers you need , plus the samsung kies software , where you can do back-ups and other phone management tasks .
i saw this exact same issue on my motorol droid v1 ( same hardware i believe ) . with android 2.0 , 2.1 , and 2.1 update 1 my phone would sometimes report the battery completely drained just a few minutes after unplugging it . i have not seen this issue again since the 2.2 update . before the update the way i would get the phone to display the proper charge level was to plug in the usb charger for just a moment . as soon as the phone saw that it was charging the charge level immediately displayed correctly .
some custom recovery images have a command to clear the battery cache , this has fixed similar problems on different phones for me .
although not generally recommended for li-ion batteries , i believe a full discharge and recharge cycle will also clear these statistics .
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
evernote has their own login-data which has nothing to do with your google-account . perhaps you just used the wrong password ?
un-installing the app and installing it back again , fixed it .
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
vlc works perfectly for me : ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.codejugglers.android.vlchdhl=en did you tried this link ? it uses moboplayer and es file explorer . http://apcmag.com/how-to-stream-video-to-an-android-device.htm davy
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
there are several shutdown apps on the market , they all needed root . you can combine them with widgetlocker and put their icons on your lockscreen for quick shutdown .
can you once try by clearing the " market " and " download manager " cache and data ? to do so go to settings -> manage applications -> select " market " from " all " tab and click clear cache and clear data . do the same for " download manager "
you need a cache clean up apps to get rid of all those nasty hanging apps . there you will find that your cache has alot in it . cleaning it once a day helps with performance also so try to make it a habbit of cleaning it once a day ! !
sounds like asus has installed stubs as system apps . you had need root to remove them or unlink them from the market .
i wonder if you uninstalled via some method other than the market and things got out of sync ? settings / manage applications or a launcher shortcut , for instance . i would suggest re-installing both apps , then uninstalling via their market pages .
not gingerbread-specific , but according to ohloh , android was created using : c c++ java others
i would go with tasker for this . tasker can react on a lot of events , an incoming sms being only one of the many . you can then have it parse the sms text , and react on keywords . there're probably already som " profiles " out in the wild which you could adapt ( just check with a google search ) , you also can find more details on sms notification management - tasker wiki . this is probably the most flexible solution . to sum up alternatives already mentioned in the comments : go sms offers a filter feature , as sparx mentioned sms-filter can check the sms body and display notifications ( again from sparx )
i would try removing the battery and plugging it into usb . then , while holding both volume down and home , insert the battery and wait . this should get you into download mode ( screen with yellow triangle ) and kies should be able to update you . if this does not work try other key combos -- both volume buttons , or volup+home . if they do not work either , disconnect from usb and put the battery in . then while holding one of the key combos , click the power button and wait . yank the battery and reinsert to try a different combo if need be .
i am running cm 6.1 as well and i have a bug in my market that if you have , may solve your problem . my app updates get stuck sometimes and i have noticed if i cancel . an update the app no longer shows up as needs to be updated , or even installed , although it stays in my dl list . you could try starting the update then cancelling mid download . for me these apps in limbo do not give the update notification .
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
if you did not purchase the app ( i.e. . it was free ) , it should be gone . if you did , then it is always there because you have purchased the right to download it .
for google cloud things such as contacts , do i need to backup the cloud version just in case , so the phone does not wipe them from the cloud ? if you set your contact list to sync with gmail 's contact list , you do not need to backup your gmail 's contacts list ; just like every cloud-based services you would need to change how you think about where data is stored , gmail 's contact list is not a backup of the phone 's contact list , the gmail 's version is the primary reference copy and the phone 's contact list is just a local cache of the online version . unfortunately ( or , in your particular case , fortunately ) , sms storage is not a cloud service . if you do a factory reset , you lose all your sms messages . therefore , you need to do manual backup of your sms messages . there are multitudes of sms backup apps in the market , both free and paid ; i do not know which ones plays wells with the sms bug since i do not experience the bug myself . hard resetting the phone will not affect the sd card , correct ? yes . your sd card is your own data , android will not touch the sd card in any way when doing factory resets . my paid apps come back from market anyway , right ? yes , android market purchases are tied to your gmail account , and you should not need to repay any of your paid apps as long as you used the same account . however , if you purchased apps outside of android market , you may need to contact the developer of those app or the alternative market where you made the purchase and ask their policy on this . p.p.s. i have appbrain . is that automatically remembering all apps i have on the phone ? yes , including those you install directly from the market . just make sure you sync your app list with appbrain before you do a factory reset .
appbrain will make it easy to restore your apps . after the reset , install appbrain first ( ish ) and use it to get back all the apps you had before . ( sync before you reset . ) market will remember your paid apps so you will be able to get those without having to repay . your google app data ( e-mail , contacts , calendar ) are backed up to the " cloud " already , so you should not have to do anything special with them . if you really want to you could export them to a csv file , but you should not have to . you probably do not need to , but i would copy the contents of the sd card to a temporary location . just in case . as for other apps that keep data only local . . . i can not speak to those . i know that for myself everything important has a backup somewhere else . ( yay dropbox ! ) unfortunately ( or , actually , fortunately ) , i do not have any personal experience with a factory reset . everything i have read says that it is really not that bad , excepting those apps that do not have dynamic storage strategies . good luck !
well , titanium backup is a great choice for you . besides that you can backup your data , settings and apn to some safe place or move them to your sd card . although , it is not necessary do not keep your sd card in while doing a factory restore . as mentioned earlier , your data is already stored in google play account , so you do not need to pay multiple times for the app you purchased . the other issue would be backing up games and other data so you do not have to start from the scratch .
while you are not currently rooted , then , assuming you can get your device rooted , i can recommend titanium backup . the basic version is free , and allows you to back up whichever apps and settings you want to your sd card . i have used this myself when upgrading from 2.1 to 2.2 , and it kept every single app setting in the condition it started . if this sounds interesting , an easy and painless way to root your device , is by using z4root , which lets you one-click root on a lot of devices , including the galaxy s , which wikipedia tells me the epic 4g is a variant of .
glad your problem is resolved . you can also try an app like airdroid or es file explorer which will allow you to transfer files using wifi .
i faced the same problem , but i launched filezilla from terminal using sudo: sudo filezilla  it works fine .
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
i had bad luck with any " cheap " cards that i ever bought . they usually end up being " off brands " , and some of the slowest performing . the cheap ones usually do not even mention the class rating , which means they are probably a class 2 , or worse . i never had them fail in the short time you seen , but they did fail , and after 2 cheap cards failed on me in my android device , i spent the extra couple bucks and went with a " name brand " class 6 ( i could not even find a class 10 when i bought it ) . i have had this card for almost 3 years now , it has moved between 3 different android devices in that time , and has seen its share of custom android roms flashed to the host device . not to mention it even had a time , before froyo , it was partitioned to with 1gb ext4 partition to act as an " extension " of the devices internal storage , and even swap at one point on my adp1 . i have had zero problems with it .
summary of comments , as requested by the op : if your device is running android 4 . x , you can simply go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , scroll to the app , oben its entry , and hit the " disable " button -- et voila , it is " gone " , and will no longer appear in any other place . if you need it again at a later point , it will still be at the end of the list , so you can enable it again . note though , that some manufacturers / rom builders decided to preventing some apps from being disabled . nothing you can do in that case without root . if you rooted your device , on the other hand , apps like e.g. titanium backup ★ root would let you freeze those apps as well . note also gathrawn 's comment : if you do not configure the email app , it will not run . some homescreen replacements ( aka " launchers" ) allow you to hide unwanted apps from the app drawer ( e . g . go launcher ex ) , so you at least can ban them in some way .
i use netflix on my samsung galaxy s vibrant with cyanogenmod 7 and it works just fine . now , that does not mean in the future , nextflix could not update their app to not support these devices/rom but it does work now .
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
there is no standard for this in the bluetooth protocol stack , so the solution depends highly on the manufacturer of the device . if the manufacturer has not created an app for android , it is probable that you would have to program it yourself or have someone do it for you . this would require that the manufacturer has public protocol definitions available for the communication between the devices .
turns out the answer to this problem was quite simple , in order to disable google play store ( 1 ) first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) download a root service from the store called " disable service " ( again make sure root is installed and the app is given root permission ) now , in the disable service app , navigate to the system app tab and find google play store . tap on it and you will get a list of services scroll to the bottom and uncheck " check wifi and update " service . you will see a " please wait " notification , and at the bottom busybox should appear , notifying you that the app was given root access exit the app and voila ! google play store will never update itself or google play services ever again ( unless you install a new version , in which case you would need to repeat the process )
deleting the MarketUpdater.apk disintegrates google services from the phone .
in the system folder there should be marketupdater . apk . if you delete that file , play store will not update itself anymore . nothing else should be affected though .
you can stop apps being auto updating in the following way . go to google play store app . click the menu button and click settings select Auto-update apps under general choose Do-not auto update apps
first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) instructions ( found https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ji6ynspaz8 ) : root , install supersu install busybox , then terminal emulator stop whatever internet access on your android , or it will silently auto-update store , making your hard typing work useless open settings -> app manager and find play store . tap on it . it will open properties window . there will be button uninstall updates . tap on it , click yes on " replace with factory version ? " question . because there is no internet connection , this is the moment the play store could not be updated . let 's use it . open terminal emulator and type commands one by one ( numbers are just for order , do not type them ) : su ( at this time supersu app will ask you for granting root access for terminal emulator app , click grant access ) touch /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk chattr +i /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk enjoy ! regardless of internet connection , play store is now has version you need , not google . this might work for play store 4.8 and up , but i did not test it .
according to a post on so , cat /proc/net/tcp will return it in the second column , with the heading " local_address " , e.g. " cf00a8c0:0203" . the part after ":" is a port number . from the rest use the last two ( c0 ) as a hex number , e.g. c0 is 192 , which is the start of the address in this example . further : the ip address is displayed as a little-endian four-byte hexadecimal number ; that is , the least significant byte is listed first , so you will need to reverse the order of the bytes to convert it to an ip address . the port number is a simple two-byte hexadecimal number .
you have to use file manager hd and do the following steps : on the panel at the left tap storage . on the panel at the top right press the up arrow until the first directory entry is asec . now scroll down through the directory and you should see usb_storage . 4 . tap usb_storage and you should see your data . hope i will help . from : http://androidforums.com/acer-iconia-tab-a500/358421-iconia-a500-cant-browse-through-usb-flash-drive.html
being 8gb i believe it could be a way the flash is using mass storage . although all drives should be seen , not all are setup by each manufacture the same . have you tried to format the flash as a 2gb fat32 to determine mass storage feature for the drive or for the tab ? i assume that this flash is valid as you have been able to format it . how do any other flash drives work ? i also found quite a few hp flash drives have issues as they attempt to install the extra software from the minor partition .
the usb host mount script seems to be on the flaky side . my tab reports the drive is inserted but is not mounted to /mnt/usb_storage . a reboot is the only way i have found to fix this .
sorry , this answer is slightly off-topic but still important for your use case . the thing you are most likely to have to worry about is heat . having the screen on will generate heat , and you will need to plug into an external power source which when charging the battery will also generate a lot of heat . this could damage the internal components ( including the screen ) over a long period , but unfortunately i do not have any evidence to support this .
i actually think your best bet would be to develop the app yourself . i know that you consider it a last resort but you will get exactly the app you want , you can get the app to talk to a web service that writes the data away to a database . do not forget security , https between the android devices and t
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
make a nandroid backup from recovery . make sure that the backup is located on the sdcard . mount the sdcard on a computer and copy it is contents to a folder on a pc . copy the entire contents of the folder you made above to the target device . root the device than install a custom recovery if you did not do this already . in recovery restore the nandroid backup . reboot the device . now everything should be exactly the same as on the original . repeat steps 4-7 for every device . if there're lots of small files that need to be transferred , another possibility is zip them up copy to the phone and than unzip it using adb shell unzip path/to/file.zip  once the command is launched you can disconnect the device the process will continue as long as there're no conflicting files or folders .
that depends on your android version and device , but based on what you said it seems like you should be able to . you can try volume in settings , or you can download volume control and control various different volume levels and settings . several attempts to get this are posted here , but it does not seem like some devices have it .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
i like slider widget - volumes . a small widget that gives control of the screen brightness and the sound volume directly from your home screen . you can easily manage those with the widget 's slider or your hardware buttons . with a double click , you can also use the buttons to toggle . slider widget shows 6 categories ( e . g brightness or ring volume ) , which you can choose from 7 categories ( more below ) . you can also change the order of the categories displayed in slider widget .
if you do not need them anymore , then you should be able to delete them . i am not familiar with zinio , but is there a way to safely delete the magazines within the application ? i would try that first . deleting these files may cause app instability if it is expecting them to be there ( when they are not ) . try moving them somewhere else ( do not delete them just yet ) and see how the application behaves with them " missing/moved " .
because this app chek your license , if you buy this app from play store it runs automatically otherwise if you try a free version of this application it shows application not installed . . .
if you have wiped everything you have probably wiped the system partition meaning there is nothing to boot up to . try following the steps here to install a factory image which will wipe your device and completely re-install everything . if this does not work then it is likely that there is a hardware issue , which due to you having the screen replaced is unlikely to be covered under warranty ( nor will google/lg take responsibility for it )
check out connectbot . An SSH and telnet client, and terminal emulator for local shell. Supports multiple sessions, including running them concurrently.
try juicessh . it works perfectly and manages all connections and files in a secure way .
since this shows up in some searches i might as well throw this answer in . i use better terminal emulator pro as it has better support for things like the asus tf300 with the dockable keyboard . including supporting the tab key that others sometimes have issues with . it does cost money though . it does support ssh keys though they do have to be converted since it uses dropbear ( as many others appear to ) as the backend .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
there is an app for , well , turning off the sound on shutdown and then back on at startup . as i have got tasker i no longer use it , but you are looking for silent boot by anton weber .
the only way i found to silence it was to have the phone on vibrate when it reboots . does not seem to play any sounds when it comes back up then .
according to this market support page , active installs are installs that have not been uninstalled . it does not mention anything about the app having to be opened .
as far as i am aware , you can not actually sync the birthdays to your contacts . it is however possible to sync your facebook events ( including birthdays ) to your android calendar . all you need to do is add your facebook calendar to your google calendar . you can find out how to do this here
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
i had the same problem . turn off your phone and then press both the power button and the volume down button at the same time and it will do a factory reset .
i ended up being too reluctant to downgrade again ! apparently lg have finally released an australian update so i just downloaded a stock p990 froyo rom , installed it via cwm , wiped data and cache , and everything works fine now ! it even fixed a bunch of issues i was having with usb drivers .
after restoring your backup of the original firmware , in recovery select Wipe Data/Factory Reset  this way you have the original firmware ( except for the recovery partition ) but without any user data .
i have experienced this problem myself . when you install cyanogenmod it changes the filesystem type to ext4 . however , your stock 2x backup almost definitely used the ext3 filesystem . if you want to revert to a stock rom on the 2x after trying cyanogenmod then the following tool can convert your filesystem type back to ext3: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1021549 just download the zip and apply it like a normal rom in nandroid or clockworkmod . once it is done just restore your backup as normal .
system space is internal andoid space ( not your sd card/storage space ) . to make more empty space available in your system , you can do the following : clean system cache ( there are various apps to do that ) ; uninstall unused apps ; move apps to sd card ( with app2sd or similar application ) ; system space depends on the device and is limited amount of space which contains your rom , system and applications . it is not good if it has only 2% space left as your device might become slow or cause some apps to crash .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
the apple high-power charging method is vastly different from the rest of the world ( my htc , the wife 's samsung , etc ) . so do not assume an apple fast charger will work on anything but an apple .
this turns out to be more complicated than just the amperage rating of the power adapter . this xda post says that the tablet itself may ' step down ' to 0.5a charging if it cannot detect the right support in the usb host . there are some additional details in this post but i do not grok them . that thread led me to this slashdot comment which seems very useful and knowledgeable . if i understand the story correctly , unless the tablet can negotiate with the host device , the amount of power it can draw is limited . a physical " hack " ( now part of a usb standard ) in the adapter can make it clear to the usb client ( the tablet ) that there is no host device ( its a wall wart ) , so it can charge faster . without the hack , the device is limited in the amperage it can use . more details on the usb charing spec are on wikipedia . i just verified some of this with my samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and the no-name 2a usb wall charger i have . if i plug my tablet into this " unapproved " usb adapter , then i get a little red " x " on the battery charge indicator in the system tray . additionally , i get the " media scanner running . . . " alert ( which i think means that the tablet thinks it might be connected to a computer ) . i cannot tell at what rate ( 2.5ma , 500ma , 2a , etc ) the tablet is actually charging at , though . if i plug the tablet into the ' approved ' wall wart , i get no such red " x " , nor any " media scanner " alerts . all that said , in practice , i have found that the tablet will charge up on my no-name usb adapter . i am not sure if that is because i tend to turn the screen off ( and i do not have 3g ) , and thus the power draw of the sleeping tablet is less than the 500ma , or if its actually getting the full 2a . i think the upshot is that any reputable wall charger or anything labeled as " compatible " with an iphone or ipad will probably support the usb charging spec , and thus will fast-charge a samsung galaxy tab . but i am just guessing . it would be nice if there was an official usb logo or label for chargers that supported this mode . . .
i have no idea if there is some kind of separate " minimum " spec for this , but the oem charger is ~2a ( so 4 times the usb2.0 spec 's 500ma ) :
5volts 2amps for samsung tab 2-or look at the back of your tablet its there its also on the chargers specs , do remember the specs of the original charger and match it to the new charger .
luckily rooting the motorola defy is pretty simple and does not require any extraneous measures . please see this link for a tutorial on how to root and install a custom recovery ( ie . clockworkmod ) on your motorola defy . as far as installing an ics rom , after doing some research it appears there is not a fully functional rom available yet . however , if you are willing to give up a feature or two , you may be able to get a stable release running on your phone . please refer to the xda wiki page specifically for the ics development status on the motorola defy for more information about the project .
if you have succesfully rooted the phone and have the clockworkmod recovery image , you can easily flash a custom 2.2 rom . have a look on modaco for some good options . you should also install the rom manager app from the market for easy flashing , booting to recovery , backups , etc . you should not have to wait long before there are plenty of 2.3 options too : ) ( there are a couple already on the xda forums , but these are very new so you might want to wait just a little while whilst all the kinks are ironed out ) .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
out of the box , no . lg 768 user manual lg devices do not have the full device encryption capability with the stock rom , but you can always install an app to deal with that : sse - universal encryption secret space encryptor ( s . s.e. ) password manager , message ( text ) encryption and file encryption integrated in the all-in-one solution . store and manage all your passwords in one secure place protected with one master password . keep your messages , notes and other texts safe from unintended readers . securely encrypt your private and confidential files or whole folders . wiping ( secure delete ) feature is included . everything is encrypted using strong encryption algorithm : aes ( rijndael ) 256bit , rc6 256bit , serpent 256bit , blowfish 256bit/448bit , twofish 256bit and gost 256bit ciphers are available . other utils : password generator , clipboard cleaner , algorithm benchmark , . . . minimal permissions . no ads . cross-platform ( windows , linux , mac os x , . . . ) gui version and command line version of the file encryptor is available on the application home page ( download section ) . this software is open source project – we have nothing to hide , so you can have securely hidden everything you need . ( as open source , this software is published under tsu - §740.13 ( e ) encryption export license exception )
if you really want to delete or replace system files ''at your own risk " , first make sure you are rooted . then install nq mobile security . from the home screen of nq , slide to the left to access rom app manager . once you are there , make sure you back up the file before uninstalling it so you can restore it if anything goes south . good luck and just say thank you if i help !
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
the camera app will be usually named camera . apk , located in /system/app . to delete this first clear the data stored by the app in /data/data/com . sec . android . app . camera/ or something similar using root explorer , find the file , click mount rw and delete it . using terminal emulator , acquire root privileges su  mount system in read write mode mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using adb mount system in read write mode adb shell mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using titanium backup , select the app and click uninstall
i had exactly the same issue with an app i use - i am rooted and found the xml prefs file and the value i manually changed but everytime i boot the app it rewrites the file . having done some reading on this and experimenting with code i think this is because an app will only call on its preferences ( getpreferences ) once a settings dialog/screen is closed - generally this is how the app is written . i am still not quite sure why/how the app rewrites the preference xml regardless of changing the settings in the app or not . btw i too want to use tasker to change a value in the prefs xml of an app to dynamically have the app respond . i am looking into decompiling the app finding the relevant piece of java code and then amending it to call on prefs more frequently .
try to edit the file after ' force-stopping ' the app in settings → applications → manage applications . you cant edit the permission of the app to display notifications however
since this is bordering on the nuances of programming in terms of how preferences are stored , an activity that implements PreferenceActivity , actually modifies the entire preference xml , not just one key value . the entire preference xml gets loaded and cached , any changes made , it rewrites it out in one fell swoop . quite likely , in the case of go-sms , there is a default value specified true regardless of what was selected , and also likely , to be hard-coded - raise the issue with go-sms developers to find out why ?
it would depend on the device . some devices have/had some real serious issues with their gps . the galaxy s is one of them . it can take 10 seconds for it to get a gps lock or it could take a minute ( or even more ) . if you never have any issues with your device , then i would not recommend running an application like this . if you can get a gps lock within a few seconds or so and it is accurate , then i would say just leave it alone .
no idea what that app does . if your gps is not locking as fast as you like , one option is to redownload the gps assistance data . an app like " gps status " can do this for you . here 's a qr code for it .
press the menu button and see if anything happens . count . if you are looking for a programmatic answer , you should be asking on stackoverflow .
there is not a way on the stock calendar app . however you can do this by using two different calendar apps .
go to settings> accounts> google> location settings and turn " let google apps access your location " on .
if you just want you local ip address . then go to terminal emulator and type netcfg . you will see list of interfaces with their ip addresses ( if they are up ) .
connect it to wifi or ethernet via cable . at router or dhcp server settings reserve ip address for android . now you has network and known ip address for your android device . p.s. if you do not have router and directly connected to internet via cable - you can emulate wifi router on your pc ( not all adapters supported ) .
here is a good guide on phandroid simply put : if on firmware version 2.1 ; download a file , place it in the root folder , flash via recovery . if on firmware version 2.2 ; download 4root . if on firmware version 2.3 ; download super one click . if there is anything you do not understand comment on this and i will edit my answer . superoneclick on cnet . com as the link is broken for some . the xda page i get for superoneclick from phandroid .
this was supposedly fixed several months ago , but people are still reporting problems . i can read items on the card , but do not have write permission . to fix it , i combined strategies from a few sources . partition card with ms-dos partition table and ext4 filesystem . i used gparted on my ( linux ) desktop computer . insert the card into your phone . ( you will probably not have write access now . ) open the terminal emulator , installed by default in cyanogenmod . type in the following ( i recommend wifi keyboard for large blocks of text ) . give the emulator root privileges when it requests them . the $ and # indicate prompts , so do not type them in . $ su # chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 # chmod g+w /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1  this changes the sd card 's permissions . the owner and group change from system to media_rw , and it also gives the group write access .
not sure if it is any help , but possibly the issue is that that you are trying to mount in the wrong place ? this is my working script that works on an s3 mini with cm11: the realmnt location already existed , so of course the mkdir was never called . and media_rw/sdcard1 is already owned by media_rw i also had to update /etc/permissions/platform . xml to include : &lt;group id="media_rw"/&gt; in : &lt;permission name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE"&gt;
there was an answer posted up by adasdadasd that i wanted to accept , but has since been deleted . i will reproduce it below , and accept my answer , but if adasdadasd resurfaces , please repost and i will delete this and accept yours . https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-332 https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_providers_mediaprovider/commit/faf3f77b9222554227740aed8127714ea9e3f407 fixed by default ? new change in github .
you can use your usb-cable to connect your phone to the computer . if your phone does not pop up as external device , you are probably missing the needed usb-drivers for it .
you should be able to add another account in google play on the devices that can be used for purchasing and downloading apps . you can even set a pin for it . with the google play store open : tap the settings button in the upper right-hand corner tap accounts tap add account and then ok go through the account setup and now you should be able to select that account to purchase and download apps .
your personal information like contacts , tasks and all this kind of stuff are synced automatically with your google account by default and when you login at your new phone all this information will get pushed into your new device . i do not know , but maybe t-mobile will transfer your files from the defective unit to the working one , but i am not sure about this possibility . i suggest you to ask them if they can transfer your files from the old to the new one , but remember that your private stuff like contacts will get synced ota .
if you install the android sdk on your computer , you can connect the phone via usb and use the adb tool to perform a factory reset on your phone . that will erase all your data . you can also use adb to retrieve files and data before doing the wipe . to retrieve files , type the following at the command prompt / terminal on your computer ( make sure it is running in the directory where you have the sdk ) : ./adb pull phone-file backup-file for example , ./adb pull /sdcard/DCIM/myphoto.jpg C:\backups\myphoto.jpg and to wipe the phone : ./adb wipe data you might need to try some variants of that , and on some phones you will unfortunately need to be rooted . more info on adb : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html edit : there is a better way to do a factory reset ! it is harder without a screen , but not impossible . power the device off . if the device is unresponsive and does not turn off , remove the battery and then re-insert it . press and hold the home key and the red end key for 30 seconds , the release . wait a few seconds , then press the home key and the power key again . wait 30 seconds , then press volume down twice . click the power button once . give the phone a few minutes to do the factory reset . with-screen instructions are here .
regardless of an android device being a phone or tablet , i believe , that to make use of the core google apps you will need to tie directly to a google account . i am user of a moto xoom ( wifi only ) and this is absolutely true . so i would suggest adding a google account with the device ( settigns - accounts and sync ) .
in short , you have a non-google-approved device . that is why there are no google apps on it . and you can not download from the market unless you have the market installed on your device . there are ways to get the market on your device anyways , though . ( see this question ) . however , none of those ways will have a " reputable link " for you to download . you are going outside google and possibly the law , depending on your jurisdiction .
looks like this is a very common problem , and i guess the google guys are on it , but so far , no solution . i bought an archos tablet and for two days i have been trying to download and install a good browser . i tried every single solution i found in every single forum on line ( believe me when i say that it is a very common problem ! ! ! ) . no luck . what worked for me was quite simple : i found a website where you can download the same apps and they actually can be downloaded . you do not even need to create an account ! ! try it : http://www.freewarelovers.com/android . maybe you will find what you want . i did . good luck !
nfc disovery events that indicate only a certain tag technology ( or even only the presence of any tag ) are usually too broad to be bound to just one app . it seems that the android team therefore decided that it should not be possible for one app/activity to take precedence for such an unspecific event . as a consequence , the only way how this mandatory intent chooser can be avoided is if an ndef formatted tag is used and if the app 's developer registered the app/activity for a more specific ndef intent ( e . g . a uri , an nfc forum external type or a mime type ) .
this is because there can be no default handler for all nfc intents . you had have to create a mimetype for your nfc tag and use that mimetype as the data field for the intent filter . however , this site does not deal with developer issues , so you had be better off on stackexchange , for example here .
someone , or something has set defaults for the application ( s ) , and this default was set as soon as someone or something set it by either internally , or by hitting the button " always . " , in this case you will have to go to your app drawer , go into settings and find your application manager . in this case , you will want to go to the application that does not have the option . find it , click it , go down and hit " clear defaults . " , now , hit the home button , find the application you are wanting to run and voila ! the action menu should set itself back . if it does not , find the application that is automatically running upon startup of that specific object , and hit clear defaults . thank-you , fxapoc .
that is because this is a stock android feature . to accomplish the result you want you will need some kind of third party software i geuss . there are lots available in the play store .
i just a got an email from the heimdall dev , he said it is not compatible with the galaxy mini . thanks guys for your replies .
there are some usb cabes that do not support enough power to change data , so they just charge and do not mount . but i do not know how you could find them . try google for it .
i figured this out . this works with my 1st gen kindle fire and my mac running os x . first , notice that the kindle fire mounts as the volume " kindle " . second , realize that there is a file on your os x installation called /etc/private/fstab which controls filesystem mounting . third , use the command sudo vifs in terminal or otherwise edit the /etc/private/fstab file and insert the following lines : # Kindle Fire LABEL=KINDLE none msdos rw,noauto  fourth , try plugging in your kindle fire via usb . it should not auto-mount anymore . bonus : this works for any android device that auto-mounts when you plug it in . my new htc one ( verizon 32gb ) auto-mounts htc sync manager . it uses the label " cdrom " . i added a similar line above , but substituting " cdrom " for " kindle " and now it stops prompting me to install htc sync manager . in this case , i inserted these lines into /etc/private/fstab # HTC One LABEL=CDROM none hfs rw,noauto 
check your phone it should show some setting named ' connect to pc ' . change the " default connection type " to " charge only " .
just a note to help someone else with this on a samsung s5 lte could not be downloaded due to an error . ( 403 ) everything was going great with my brand new s5 , until i turned on the download turbo . note , prior to turning on the booster , i was installing apps successfully over a wifi connection . i turned on download booster hoping to install apps from previous phone quicker . natural enough thing to do when you have 30 apps to get through , would not you think ? all of a sudden i could not download anything from google the play store . oddly , the galaxystore ( a wierd extra play store that comes with galaxy phones ) worked , but most of my apps were not there , and those that were did not know i had purchased them . after perusing the web , and resetting things and changing google accounts , etc . , i finally tried turning of my wifi connection , and switching to only 4g mobile data . of course the s5 's download booster was off now . as if by magic , everything in google play store started working again ! okay , so maybe something in the download booster tries to make multiple connections to the google play store server , and it does not like that . so i turned off download booster , and turned on the wifi , and turned off the 4g mobile data connection . back to plain wifi , as per the data connectivity configuration that was working in the beginning . . . alas , google play store would not work again ( same error ) , even with only wifi on now . back to 4g , switch off wifi , everything works on google play store again . consternation ! in summary : if you have an s5 and you turn on the samsung 4g + wifi booster and connect to google play store , kiss your connectivity to google play store via wifi goodbye forever . you can still connect with just 4g mobile data ( as long as wifi is off ) . it is almost as if the google play store server remembers indefinitely that you once tried to connect with wifi and 4g together , and forbids your wifi connectivity henceforth .
download . apk file of google play from here . if your device has the option , first select ' uninstall updates ' from your app manager for google play app . then install this . apk file and then try using it . ( you should also remove your google acc before uninstall/install ) . let me know if this worked !
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
remove google play store from the multitasking menu and try again
got it ! ! ( just had the same problem after updating from 4.3.2 to 4.4.2 ) go to settings - apps - all - and open google play store click on " force stop " then " clear data " then " clear cache " go back to settings - accounts - and remove account and add it back again ( available for kk ) or change it to the same actual password open market place and install a brand new app ( never used before ) and then install and update every thing you need : ) i9100 - cm11 kk 4.4.2 gapps- kk- 20140105
you can try this tool called framaroot . the author confirmed that it worked for lg optimus l7 ii variant ( p710/p713/p714/p715 ) . the process is straightforward .
kingo android root . it is an installer for windows . just plug-in your phone with the usb cable and run the wizard . framaroot did not work for me . so , i tried that one .
i use all 3 methods and prefer usb tethering if possible . some notes on each : usb tethering exclusive for one device ( there is only 1 cable ) charges the phone safe ( network is not exposed wirelessly ) no driver needed ( recent macs/win/linux ) best speed and latency ( usb 2.0 has 480mbit/s ) tethers any active connection on the phone ( wifi , 3g ) wifi tethering more than one client at once possible wifi chip may draw extra power in this mode easy and well known setup on clients no strings attached :- ) bluetooth tethering does not draw extra power when enabled can be enabled 24/7 capps speed at respective bt speed ( 2mbit ? ) it is really ok ( speedwise ) for surfing i tether my pc via usb ( most of the time to a wifi network ] , my tablet tethers via bt primarily , but i switch to wifi as needed too . i use this app to automatically enable bt tethering on my nexus phone . the " bt tethering always on " is very cool when i am on a train and use my tablet : no need to enable ( and remembering to afterwards disable ) wifi tethering , the phone just stays in my pocket .
in my experience , bluetooth tethering ( using bluetooth garden ) has been problematic . it disconnects too often , or can not open certain sites . usb tethering ( via clockworkmod tether ) was ok . this way , my phone would be charging while providing internet to my laptop . downside is i needed to install a program ( not an issue , because the program is safe ) on my laptop . another downside is i could not tether another device ( like a tablet ) to the phone . turning my phone into a hotspot , was a better choice . i could surf with little issues . i could connect my tablet or laptop to the phone via wifi . however , this drained my battery quickly . i would occasionally fix this by plugging my phone to an outlet with a charger .
dotvezz has already commented that ntp is used . if so , then you can use clocksync , which lets you set the ntp server . however , you need to sync manually . automatic sync is supported only with rooted devices . clocksync synchronizes device system clock with atomic time from internet via ntp ( network time protocol ) . useful if provider does not support nitz , sends incorrect time or if your device/rom has heavy clock drift . there are 2 modes : automatic for root users and assisted manual mode for users without root ( rootless mode ) .
we confirmed with the device manufacturer that the devices use ntp to sync the time with pool . ntp . org . after a bit of research of my own , i discovered that ntp is configured in /system/etc/gps.conf . you have to be root to edit this file , but i was at least able to confirm that the information given to us was correct . we have opened the firewall to traffic going to pool . ntp . org , and so far all of the devices have kept in sync , so it looks like this has worked as intended . thanks to http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1200089 for the info on the ntp config file .
the problem with recording is dependent on the kernel if that kernel has the capability to do so within the audio hardware driver ! that aside , another aspect , this governs actual phone calls , is that audio is a mutually exclusive thing , lift handset , audio , speaker is routed to respective hardware pieces , if not in call , audio and speaker gets routed to speaker ( combine that with headset and another route is made ! ) now i do not know if that principle applies to voip over wifi ( as have never tried it ! ) another thing , depending on where you are , this will be dependent on jurisdiction of your country , two way recording could be seen as illegal and may/could be equivalent to wire-tapping , ianal ! check first , if that is " ok to do " , then check with the party involved first if they actually mind being recorded , if not , then you could end up in trouble for invasion of privacy and recording their conversation without their consent i am loosely saying that as its a questionable thing to do and do not know legalese but its something to bear in mind .
this probably is too late to be of help to the op , but this question is valid and could be useful for others . found this : http://community.skype.com/t5/video-inactive/record-video-calls-windows/m-p/3012#m44 but it pertains to windows and not the phone environment . unfortunately on android , skype itself would have to have this feature for the best overall success . related topics with good answers : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url direct link : droid@screen an on-phone solution to recording audio would have to simultaneously record incoming mic audio ( from you ) and outgoing speaker audio ( from other ) . however , you could simply record the stream externally and use a movie/video editor to synchronize the video and audio streams .
in android the system memory is just another file , so with the appropriate rights it is just as simple as vi -b /dev/mem ( device node may vary for your system ) . the result of changing a running system 's memory could be one of a nop , a touch of an electric fence , a system crash or a simple nuke resulting in an unusable device .
that may be possible without root if the app you want to manipulate allows debugging via android debug bridge ( adb ) . if an app can be connected to an debugger is specified in it is AndroidManifest.xml in the android:debuggable entry . if the app is enabled for debugging you can enable the usb debugging mode on your device and connect to it via adb . then you can connect an standard java debugger to the app and inspect/modify variables .
turns out the issue appeared to be specifically with a google maps update . i have received two updates over google play since then and the problem appears to have resolved .
you could try connecting the phone to pc and reboot . after powering down , start adb logcat on computer . in this way you could see system logs during booting and may find what is wrong with the phone .
if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to back up your apps ( and their data ) .
as you might imagine , google is pretty quiet with regard to its implementation details . so i will just describe this in the general case and in a very basic form . the way push is done is that the client ( i.e. . the phone ) opens a tcp connection to the messaging server ( e . g . google ) . this connection is meant to remain open for as long as the phone is turned on . fortunately a tcp connection uses absolutely no bandwidth when it is not transmitting anything , so it does not waste a lot of data , the radio transmitter can power down , etc . the connection can remain open indefinitely , however behind a nat , the nat infrastructure keeps a table of open connections that it is handling , and drops connections that have been idle for some time , usually 10-15 minutes . neither end gets notification of this . so this is handled by sending a tcp keep-alive packet which refreshes the entry in the carrier 's nat connection table . this only costs about 50 bytes or so , and only needs to be done every few minutes .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
this can sometimes happen during an upgrade if old , incompatible data or config is stuck in the app 's storage . have you tried clearing the data and cache on the youtube app ? go into your phone 's settings -> apps -> all scroll all the way down to the youtube app and tap it . you should now be on a screen showing all kinds of info about the youtube app , force stop the youtube app if its still running , then about half-way down should be a clear cache button . press the clear cache button and then try launching the youtube app again to see if it fixes the problem . if not then go back into settings -> apps -> youtube , ensure youtube is stopped ( with a force stop ) and then try both the clear cache and clear data buttons and try launching youtube again .
adwlauncher ex has this feature as well . it can display either a generic folder icon or a circle with the apps within it much like stock ice cream sandwich . to change from folder icons to the preview icons : go to your home screen hit the menu key go to ADWSettings go to UI Settings go to Folders make sure Show Contents is checked
this will not help people who are still waiting for their phone to be upgraded , but the stock ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) launcher has something similar built in - it shows a cascaded view of the first three icons in the folder .
impossible to predict what their techs would do . theoretically they certainly can deny repair service on bootloader-unlocked phones , since it clearly says that you are voiding your warranty when unlocking the device : important information please note that you may void the warranty of your phone and/or any warranty from your operator if you unlock the boot loader . sony ericsson can then no longer guarantee the full functionality of your phone , and will not be responsible for any unsigned custom software being flashed to the phone after the boot loader is unlocked . . . . however , unlike the carriers ( who 100% always check the bootloader status , ) manufacturers have been known to turn a blind eye on this from time to time . for example , i have sent my atrix 4g to motorola for repairs twice after unlocking its bootloader . both times their techs repaired the device , and even re-locked the bootloader for me . htc is also known to be lenient towards repairing unlocked handsets . you can always try calling sony 's support department and anonymously ask where they stand on repairs for bootloader-unlocked handsets . you may not like their answer though .
if you are rooted , i would recommend adaway . adblock previously targeted the hosts file which is global . the hosts file method does not require setting any proxy settings . adblock decided to change to the proxy based method though . adaway uses the hosts method ( and thus requires root ) link ( apk link if you scroll down ) : https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.adaway
i had the same " waiting for traffic " problem when i rebooted ( worked perfectly before reboot ) . simple solution is to manually force close abp via settings , open abp and it will function properly again
make sure that Filtering is enabled . open the adblock plus app , and turn on Filtering . also , make sure that filters are updated . in the adblock plus app , update the filters by clicking on the circular double arrows . then , restart your phone . if it is really rooted ( you might want to check with a root checker app ) , then you do not need to do anything else . to verify if adblock is working , you can install an app that has ads . in the example below , i installed the Back It app . at the left , you can see a line add at the bottom ; adblock is disabled here . at the right , you can see there is no ad , and there is an adblock plus icon at the notification bar .
no . favouriting a file in dropbox for android is like " pinning " in some other software : it downloads the file to the device and keeps it there so you can access it offline . i do not use the ipad version , but i assume it has the same effect there . since you might want different files on different devices ( for example , you might want a lot of pdfs or videos on a tablet with a bigger screen and more storage to put them on ) , favouriting a file only applies to the device you do it on .
most probably it looks like a os issue , might be firmware related , might be kernel related . have you tried a factory reset ? or sometimes even a reboot might clear things up . if 4.1 is not working well for you , you can always downgrade by flashing an older firmware via odin . get you firmwares from http://samfirmware.com . you will need to register in order to download files from there .
it will not ask for a password for free apps since there is no danger of financial loss of any kind , it is a good point however there are apps on google play that can ' lock ' certain apps check 'https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+locker' or something to that effect this one looks like it does the job : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.domobile.applockfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kb21vymlszs5hchbsb2nril0 . they will enable control of apps via a pin
from google play download applockr or you can disable the app via settings> apps> all applications then by selecting the google play application and pressing the disable button to disable it until you want to enable it ( do the same process but the disable button will be replaced with the enable button )
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
this answer will be updated along the process . so for now , it just holds initial steps / a raw solution . there are several things you can try to get your device back to working normal . i will list some steps ; just break as soon as anything came back to normal : in that case you will not need to walk the remaining steps unless the last step taken explicitly mentions something alike : battery check take out the battery , leave it out for at least 30s ( 2min will not hurt , more should not be necessary ) . insert battery again , but do not yet switch on your phone . fully charge your phone on ac ( not usb from a computer ) . switch it on again . if it is working now , everything 's fine and you are done . faulty apps check shut down your phone start it in " safe mode " ( how to do that depends on the device ; on the sgs2 this should be accomplished as follows : press power and menu , then release the power key but keep pressing the menu button . the word " safe mode " will be displayed on lower left if i am not mistaken . -- source : lowyat .net; i have no sgs2 so i cannot verify ) none of your self-installed apps will be started in safe mode , only system apps are available . check if the behaviour changed ( i guess not , but it is a good point to know for the last group below ) . while in safe mode , try to backup as much things as you can reach . if already on android 4.0 or higher , see full backup of non-rooted devices for how to safe the most of your precious stuff , but better stick to separate small packages ( backup on a per-app basis , as restoring the full package later might bring the problem back ) . on rooted devices , titanium backup is probably the best choice . this was just an intermediate step ; even if your phone is working normally in safe mode , this will not have fixed the issue for " normal operation " , so go on . factory reset do a factory reset of your device ( warning : all your data and self-installed apps will be lost from the device , hence the backup recommendation above ; your sd card should not be affected , but it cannot hurt to copy all its data to your computer as a backup before doing the factory reset ) startup the device again . before installing all your apps again , make sure the issue has been fixed by the reset . if your device is back to normal , you can go on re-installing your apps / restoring your backups app-by-app . between each app , make sure to test a while : if any of the apps was the cause , you might otherwise bring the problem back by restoring the " faulty " backup . if that happens , remember which app it was ; start over from step 3.1 . and ommit this app in the next run . if you have restored everything , and your device is still working normal : congratulations , you are done ! if the issue still remains , it has to be some hardware issue . could be the battery is broken , so next i would go to your local dealer ( best the one where you have bought it ) , and try with a " spare battery " from his store . explain the reasons , including the results from the " safe mode check " , and also that you have already tried a factory reset ( because that is the first thing he will do otherwise ) . if the new battery solves you issue : buy it : ) if not , next step : if you still have warranty , send it in for repair ( or let the " local dealer " handle this for you ) . make sure all details ( including results from the " safe mode check " and the fact you already tried a factory reset without this solving your problem ) are included with the report . if you do not have warranty anymore , ask the dealer what a repair might cost . it could be cheaper to simply buy a new phone . . .
i highly doubt it is to do with being ' pre-paid ' or not . more likely , it could be from a number of reasons . such as internet connection where carriers can limit the download file size . i personally know that dl'ing larger files over the carrier network will fail unless it has a ' resume ' or some sort of authentication feature .
the internet permission should affect how your app runs ( or if it is visible on the market ) but i would not expect it to affect installation . do you have any additional permissions that you require ? is your app set to download by wi-fi only ? is it possible that you sometimes access a feature that you have not requested in the manifest ? for example , if you do not have access to a 3g network to you query the connectivitymanager to get a different connection ? your app may exhibit certain behavior only when it encounters a specific network configuration . you will have problems only when your app tries to use a permission that it has not requested . if your app is paid , it could be a problem with the customer 's payment method ( carrier billing may be a problem with prepaid ) . i sometimes see repeated attempts to purchase an app of mine , which are all declined .
quote op 's comment : thanks logos for the quick response , well actually its my office phone , i have rooted this phone and the only other apps i see are busybox installer , teeter and superuser . the weird thing is that with my office wifi i am able to access internet not apps , – amrit jan 7 at 10:56 it could be because your office wifi may be blocking that apps . ( eg : facebook )
solution which worked for me is by installing the configuration settings . call up the customer care and ask them send you the configuration settings . since you reset your phone old configuration settings would have been erased . once you install the configuration settings you will be able to access internet for all the apps .
that is a stumper - have you tried calling up your carrier and making sure that it is not an issue with them ? have you installed any permissions privacy management apps ? they might be blocking internet connectivity by default . failing that , the only suggestion i would be able to make is to do a full factory reset . . . not very appealing , i know .
all the telephone calls go through mobile network not wifi . if you have any voip application like viber or skype installed . then while making call , it asks whether you want to use phone or viber/skype . i guess you might have selected one of these apps with " always " settings . in this case , go to application settings and clear defaults . and next time be sure of selecting phone always .
aha , found it : under apps -> settings -> connections , i can turn overall use of wi-fi on or off . then if i select " more networks " , i get this screen : and i can turn on or off " wi-fi calling " . tmobile has a note about it here : http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-5864
the phone service ( which includes texting ) is a feature of the android . tablets do not have this feature . without being connected to a phone provider will cause you to loose features the service provide . however other features of the android os will not be affected . you do not need phone service to use many apps . also there are many apps that can be used without internet service ( as long as you have a means ( such as usb tethering to get the app on the device . in other words the android device should function very similar to a computer that works offline with applications installed and online when connected to the internet .
it is an hardware issue that is easy to fix : charging is done with the usb cable . my answer is to cut the wire of the usb cable . or more simply , you can " cut " the courant by placing a tape or any other non conducting material on the appropriate pin . the spec of usb are easy to find , eg http://www.kineteka.com/microusb-b.aspx
as far as i know , batteries will not fry on constant charging . they chips in them that control overcharging and low charge . so they will not die easyly . i am using my desire just like you explained for almost 2 years and it is just like the first day , i need to charge it every day : )
i would not worry about it . lithium ion batteries used in most ( all ? ) modern phones are not as sensitive to " top-off " charging as nicd batteries , which have " memory " and stop accepting a full charge . searching " lithium ion battery " on this site will bring up many discussions , such as this one .
i use sms backup and restore which backups your text messages to an xml file on your sd card ( does not require root ) . this way at least you can safely lower the message limit and still save your messages somewhere . i am not aware of any way to lower the limit without the messaging application automatically deleting old messages - in the stock messaging app anyway .
i was in the same boat as you . wanted tasker , did not want to root my app . after downloading it , i did it find it fairly limiting without a root because as matthew read said , it basically only allows you to do the things that any other app could do . so unless your requirement are some niche thing that you wanted , there is probably an app that does it for you anyway . some of the things that can not be done without a root include turning gps on / off toggling 3g on / off setting cpu speed dpad ( allows you to script the phone like it was being used ) turn the screen on reboot the phone i mainly got tasker as i thought i could optimize the battery life on my phone but without those settings , there is not that much i can really do . still worth the 2 bucks though , been great learning playing with it . and maybe down the line , i will go and root my phone . edit - this answer is only for ics and above . not sure what it would be if you were still on gingerbread
the simple answer is that it requires root to do things that would require root if they were not automated by tasker and you were doing them manually . tasker is irrelevant . edit : turning on/off gps does not require root . apps must be able to do it , because power widget can . as for the lock screen , i think what you read must have actually referred to the keyguard ( the " swype to unlock " screen ) . the phone is not locked the same way as it is with a pattern/password when the keyguard is on ; it is just to prevent accidentally keypresses , not for security . tasker can disable the keyguard .
i am not sure what you are talking about , tasker does not require root for any of its features . from their website : this simple concept profoundly extends your control of your android device and it is capabilities , without the need for ' root ' or a special home screen .
the android developer guide covers this pretty thoroughly . they have all the supported formats as well as recommendations . i would additionally recommend using the same resolution as your screen if your device can handle it , that will much improve the quality .
when i encode movies using handbrake or dvdfab , i choose the " ipad " option , which create an m4v with h . 264 and aac ( i think ) . yes , this feels like sacrilege , but i just ignore the voices in my head . ; ) on xoom , this plays fine . to keep the file size down , i take the audio down to stereo @ 44.1khz and 96kbps and the video rate to 1200kbps , while still maintaining 720p . this seems to work out alright and most 2 hour movies are in the 1 to 1.5gb range .
following the package name you provided , the app you are talking about is called gingerbread launcher free from the developer eugene373 . you must have installed this launcher before install go launcher . go launcher was your default launcher and after you removed it the system is asking you to choose between the android 's launcher and this one . if you do not need it you can remove it .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
hmmm . . a quick google-fu yielded this linky to quote : gps : what should i do if touch screen ( display ) is not responding ? in case that the product is e100 , e205 , e300 or e400 press the reset key . if is s1200 , a1700 or xroad , follow the steps : turn on the device and press key menu m ( up left ) , in case the gps is turning on rolling an application it will return to the home menu . in home menu press key menu then press 4 times key + ( plus , up right ) and once key – ( minus , down right ) . if the steps were correct executed , on screen will appear a cursor + . press , with careful , in the center of the cursor using the gps pencil , marking the screen coordonats , center and four corners . after marking the coordonates , touch the screen anywhere for saving the coordonates . next step “touch test” will confirm that the settings are right and will have effect on the device , press the center of + and if the 5 coordonates were been set correctly it will pass at sound test , or it will return at the calibrating screen . if you executed correctly the steps and you arrived at “sound test” , turn off and then turn on the gps . assure that you executed correctly the procedure and if the problem persist , contact our service . try that or use one of the hidden secret android codes to get at the service menu , there may be an option in there to calibrate the touchscreen ?
the galaxy s2 has an unlocked bootloader , which means you can install any rom on it , rooting is not mandatory , some roms have root privileges , some do not .
from all my experience with the market , you need to have a gmail account . there does not seem to be a way around this . login android market--google non-gmail account ?
you can only log in to the market with either your gmail account , or an account hosted with google apps for your domain . this is not just to authenticate you , information is synced between your device and google servers . if you do not have an account with them , they do not know who you are . you said that you can login with your personal email address ( someone at mydomain . org ) . i am going to guess that mydomain . org is hosting the email on google apps for your domain .
it looked like a gingerbread-related problem . since android 3.0 you can login with any google account , with or without gmail .
i had not done a factory reset . once i had done this , it took about 2 minutes to boot up !
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
first of i agree with @lagos . you are buying a used phone , why not factory reset or install a new rom ? regarding viruses and malware , chris dibona , open source programs manager at google , wrote the following on google+ : " yes , virus companies are playing on your fears to try to sell you bs protection software for android , rim and ios . they are charlatans and scammers . " it is up to you if you trust him or not but he should have some insight . and in you case it might be a bit different if you are staying with the custom rom of course .
i use droidwall for this purpose - it is a firewall with a whitelist or blacklist configuration . also avg antivirus free and lookout for detecting virus and other malware . set droidwall to whitelist mode with log enabled , which disables internet access for all apps and services except the ones you explicitly allow . then use the phone for a while , open up all the apps once , restart the phone ( all this to give a malicious app a chance to get activated ) . then , open droidwall and view its log . you will see all the apps which tried to access the internet and the ip addresses they tried to connect to .
in simple proximity sensors are light sensors . it turns the screen off while you are making an call .
it prevents that your ear is doing input actions on the touchscreen when you are making a call . : ) most proximity sensors are simply light sensors that will detect " proximity " when they are covered .
the proximity sensor on most smart-phones with touchscreen exists to disable accidental touch events . the most common scenario is the ear coming in contact with the screen and generating touch events , while on a call .
developers can get access to the sensor and use it for other things . at a users suggestion i use it in my biking app ipbike to wake up the screen . the user just has to wave there hand over the sensor and the screen switches back on . very handy when cycling with gloves on .
install this wifi tether and configure it according to video . it is working
according to oneclickroot , their tool is supposed to work for the lg motion 4g . you can download the tool from their site , and they even offer a " remote rooting service " . in addition to that tool , you will need the appropriate drivers for your device , which you can e.g. find here . having that installed , it should be as easy as : start the tool , connect your device , click to root . another rooting guide is offered by androidforums ( the article links all software needed , including the drivers ) , which uses the o4x tool from the xda developers ( i used this succesfully on my o4x -- seems like it also works on your motion 4g ) . steps included are also pretty easy : having installed the drivers , unpacked o4x , and the additional *is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk* from the xda post , you go to settings&rarr ; security on your motion , and tick unknown-sources . in settings&rarr ; developer options you enable usb-debugging . then you install and open IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk , and finally restart your device . once phone turns back on ( should be running slow ) connect your phone to your computer through usb ( charging only ) . open the command prompt and enter cd C:\o4xr , then type root . next wait for the script to run and your phone will reboot ; when that happens uninstall the systembackuptest app . do not open it , or you will have to repeat the entire procedure : )
you will really struggle finding a way to root a tablet running ics , especially a ' no brand ' one . i have had the same issue with an arnova gbook . unfortunately , the answer to your question is that it would be very difficult , and maybe even impossible , unless a new ics root exploit comes out , as google patched the main one in android 4.0 .
if you do not know what device you have , it is hard to get any assistance . without any warranties of success , and without assuming any responsability by what may happen to your device , i can suggest that you visit unlockroot , known to work with tons of devices , may became a solution for yours . the process is done with three steps : your device must be in usb debugging mode . turn it on , go to settings-> applications-> development and check the box . （ look here ） connect your device to your pc , run unlockroot . exe . click " unlock root " , enjoy ! and it is reported to work quiet well , see last entry labeled " what are the risks of rooting ? " . the faq section is also quiet useful . read the documentation from the website and proceed at your own risk .
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
if you find the app in the market and install it , it should update your phone 's copy , and update automatically frrom then on .
the extra space is taken up by system apps so you will always see this difference . once you root your phone and install app like titanium backup then you can delete some of the pre packaged apps which can not be deleted otherwise . caution : do not go on deleting system apps as you may face random crashes while using your phone .
yes , i believe apps can be installed just by placing them in the appropriate directory . i am not sure what the app installer does beyond this copying , if anything . the market does update the system 's list of apps " linked " to the market however , so that the market can check for updates and such . apps installed by other means will not show up in the market 's list .
the answer can be found in the backup tag-wiki . in short : adb backup is the newer file based backup scheme introduced in android 4.0 . it creates a backup of the file system tree and files . better explanation would be it is a logical backup , as files are mainly grouped by apps . side-effect is that files not having a clear relation might be missing from such a backup . it is secure , because you need to unlock the lockscreen first to proceed and one can also encrypt the backups themselves . backups can be done online . this method allows finer-grained control over what gets backuped and restored . nandroid backup is the older partition based concept , i.e. it creates images of the file systems ( think of norton ghost or rather the dd linux tool to have something to compare with ) . a better term here would be physical backup , as it is a blockwise copy . a recovery mode that supports this method ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) needs to be installed and started . backups can be created and accessed without entering the lockscreen passphrase . this method is an all-or-nothing approach , restoring individual apps is not possible ( without 3rd party support by titanium backup pro , for example ) find some more details in above mentioned tag-wiki , which also links to further ressources .
my adobe reader seems to be looking in the download folder , try putting them there . you could also just browse to them on your phone and open them directly . your phone should already have a file manager to use for that , but i recommend explorer ( or root explorer if you have root ) .
i gave up on adobe pdf reader , too bad it does not have a simple " file open " option . i downloaded beamreader free version , and so far it is working . it actually allows you to browse the directories and open files , what a concept ! i was going to buy the speedsoftware explorer suggested by @matthew above , but never bought an app before , and got this issue : buy an app - message : &quot ; none of the accounts on your phone are supported&quot ;
got the answer : i installed a fresh rom ( rootbox ) and it helped . weird that it did not help before . now i need to search a solution for faster gps fixing .
upon searching at xda , few had success in rooting galaxy note 3 ( chinese version ) SM-N9006 and installing google playstore via CWM . nobody there has mentioned why root is required to flash cwm via odin . my guess is it is required to flash cwm by odin . cwm is required to flash gapps . please follow the instuctions in this thread at xda where users have reported success with cwm and playstore functionality . there is another thread which uses a safe method for rooting without disturbing knox . i would recommend trying it out before following the first link for flashing gapps . disclaimer : i do not own this device and any answer provided by me is found from internet search and the rate of success may vary . please read thoroughly before proceeding to avoid bricking your device .
@mr a , there is no other way to install google apps without root . it is happen because the system need to install gapps to system folder . you only need to root and flash custom recovery base on your device . after that , you can flash the corresponding gapps to your os version through custom recovery .
i have been developing my own answer machine application and hit two major stumbling blocks . one is that setmicrophonemute ( boolean on ) simply does not work . and the other issue is playing an audio greeting down the phone line . this is not possible due to hardware restrictions and it does not even work if the microphone is switched on and the audio is played through the speakers ! ! ! bizarre i know . i am hoping the ndk can provide a solution as i have put a lot of work into it already .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
create a new appointment and then click the green + sign under the reminders section . at the very bottom of the list there is a customise option that allows you to specify the number of minutes / hours that you want the reminder to occur . certainly not as good as a fixed time occurrence but it certainly gives you a close workaround .
there is developer documentation found within the android sdk that shows the basics of creating your own keyboard input method . the actual sample of the touchscreen keyboard is part of the sdk sample , based off the documentation . download the sample code , and look for the softkeyboard sources , there is a xml layout under the res/layout folder that represents the on-screen keyboard . all that aside , let 's look at the question objectively , using a custom layout that was developed on the windows platform , may not be easy to " translate " to the android version , as there is strings attached , you do need the pre-requisite knowledge of android sdk , java in order to achieve a custom layout , unfortunately . as per @geffcheng 's comment above the op 's question containing the linky that pointed to the appropriate thread on xda , the blog entry highlighting how to come up with your own version , is more or less the same as the official developer documentation . other keyboard packages such as swiftkey , go keyboard , slideit to name but a few , would have a feature to customize the layout appropriately using an add-on or third party to suit one 's need , effectively tied to that keyboard . using the sdk and documentation relating to the keyboard is the effective way to go about in rolling your own custom layout that is independent of android version in use provided that the decision to support older versions is warranted . if the decision to focus on android v4 . x upwards , the actual app is on the google play store , the source code to the aosp keyboard is available to download and play with from here .
i recently " bought " a selection of the classic , free books for kindle a few days ago . on amazon ( uk ) 's webpage they were showing with full colour book covers , when they downloaded to my android 's kindle app a few minutes later they came down with blank , default covers . have tried a lot of playing with it too , and can not see a way to get the covers for these books to download . maybe they just do not send covers for free books to the android app ?
you could try deleting the app cache . go to settings > applications > manage applications and find the kindle app . click on it and then hit the button that says " clear data " . this will clear cache and start you off at square one again with the app . then see what happens .
there is a sox port for android available as an open source project on github : https://github.com/kyborg2011/soxplayer the developer says that it is not stable and uses high amounts of cpu ( source ) : instability ( every tenth run - nothing happens ) high load on the processor would not recommend to run that but theoretically this can be done .
you could just use audacity or something to create a short clip of white noise , then play that on loop through the phone 's media player . however , in my opinion , this whole question is a bad idea . it will constantly be running down your battery and using up processor cycles .
a number of motorola devices support that feature . here is a link to their site . my group has the bionic and atrix 2 and they support that feature . http://www.motorola.com/business-ready/us-en/business-ready-support-pages/security
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
i am using a sgs2 - corporate exchange / activesync account does indeed force encryption of all device storage
if you sync your contacts with google than you can add a special calendar . that you can only do on the web interface . select settings | calendar settings in google calendar . go to the calendars tab . follow the browse interesting calendars » link under other calendars . open the more tab . click subscribe for contacts ' birthdays and events . now after syncing the events will show up in the calendar app .
it depends on the android version . i used to have froyo and gingerbread ( stock ) it would not import the birthday info , but custom rom miui does import the birthday info .
what you are probably seeing is the charge monitor greatly mis-estimating the amount of charge left in the battery . it thinks there is a lot of charge left , but in reality there is not—the battery is almost depleted . when the battery actually runs out , reality takes over , and the phone goes off . you had normally only see this when using a battery that is long past its lifespan . you also should see this during the day—or at least , you should see a much shorter than expected battery life . you could try resetting to factory defaults ( wiping the phone ) , which might help if its just a software issue . i would guess its a hardware issue , and you need to rma the phone .
select Google Maps as default and then you only need to select Navigation to open Google Navigation .
you said : my device was dropped to the ground and sometime , the sound does not work anymore this would very much seem to boil down to a hardware problem . the only way to " handle " it is to repair the hardware . you can start with the asus repair page .
yes . there is nothing magical to restore /system partition to original state . many users gain root access temporarily to remove bloatwares from /system/apps and then unroot . but , remember , if un-rooting method involves flashing /system image , you will lose your changes . so , use proper un-rooting method .
you can go through these links to see if you can get your google account back : google account recovery - link 1 google account recovery - link 2
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
internal/device memory is similar to ram which android os makes use of . its location will probably will remain invisible to you since your device is non-rooted . i am assuming you want access to internal storage and not internal memory . you can access your internal storage which has the path of /storage/sdcard0 where '/' is the root directory . " apps and media " contains all your application data ( save files , scores etc ) , your photos and images stored on the device , music files ( mp3 , ringtones etc ) and videos . you will need to root your device to see the contents of "/" directory as rooting your device will provide you with super user privileges and thus allow rw access to all directories . you can check this link to know more about the difference between storage and memory .
you might wish to take a look at our fine internal-storage tag-wiki for a short definition : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . it might be a bit confusing , but that is what the terms " device storage " or " phone storage " usually refer to . with most devices , this is where /data points to , and also other partitions like /system , /cache , and /recovery . you can find some additional details in the answers to android folder hiearchy . as /data is where the apps store their " private " data ( well , to be more precise : that would be /data/data ) , and /system is reserved for , hm , the system , on a not rooted devices most content will stay hidden from you ( "insufficient privileges " to see/access ) .
after a lot of searching around and trial and error i stumbled across the answer to this . 1 ) what is the location on the internal memory that is considered as device memory ? i mean is it a folder ? yes . device memory is calculated from the data folder present under root . 2 ) how exactly does android go about calculating that " apps and media " 3 ) is there any way of seeing the file/folder contents of device memory ? the " device memory " includes all the contents of that /data folder . apps : ( apps that are actually installed on my phone ) , data : that is used by these installed apps , core . i am yet to find out about this . dalvik cache : which gets created for each app that is installed . there is a particular file that is taken from each apk file installed on the phone and put here on the dalvik cache . free space : finally the much needed answer to where all my free space went off too . it got consumed by the way " device memory " is architectured . so if you install around 400mb of apps that is enough to actually fill up 1.5gb of data folder . hope this was of help . here is a screenshot for reference .
apparently the only way to get dialer is to reinstall the european firmware : http://www.thegalaxytabforum.com/index.php?/topic/151-gt-phone-dialer/ btw , you are on the wrong site . so is for specific programmers questions .
on your galaxy tab goto Application&gt;Contacts  now select dialer tab
install spare parts . open it and click on " battery history " . select the drop down list at the top and from it choose " gps usage " . it will show you what apps have been using the gps . note that you will need to have your device unplugged at the time as it is actually looking for battery usage as used by apps accessing gps .
there a a lot of apps that will just use gps if it is on . even the camera will use it to put location data in the image . google uses it for buzz , maps , latitude , etc . and if you have latitude , it will fire up every once in a while to report your location ( which if you have latitude , you told it to do : ) ) . there are some applications that will even use the gps , if it is available , to show you " local " advertisements . if you " opt'd in " for the " providing google with location information " when you set up your device , the device itself will use it to notify google about wifi locations and cell towers around your location . this data helps start gps from a cold start , so it can lock on to a location quicker . this data is good , and helps people that actually use the gps . they are not " tracking your every move " like some people seem to think . google , and apple for that matter , could not care less where you are , what they want to know is where the cell towers are so they can tell you where you are with their location applications more quickly . if you are worried about what may be sending data , then the only " safe " option is to turn off gps unless you are using it , and check the permissions of applications when you install them . if your " cooking recipes " application wants to use gps , that you may want to worry a little , unless it is going to tell you how to get to the store to by the ingredients .
i do not think there is an app that shows which app is using the gps . also , i can not get spare parts 's battery information screen to show in my android 4.1 . here 's my suggestion : whenever you see that the gps is active ( such as , the gps icon in the notification bar , or settings > battery shows that the gps is active ) , click on settings > apps > running to see which apps are running . one of them is the culprit . in my case today , the rogue app is no zombies .
generally speaking , gps is not always running , when an activity that uses gps , gets paused , the gps shuts down to conserve battery . when the activity is resumed , gps gets kickstarted . this is how a well-behaved and written application should behave . i would suggest to install droidwall , and dis-allow all apps to access both 3g and wifi . and watch the log , there should be some process attempting to connect . it should also show up in the ' logcat ' , in a form of something similar : ' cannot access xx . xx . xx . xx ' ip address format .
it seems like beautiful widgets often uses your gps if you have your location set to automatic . setting it to a fix location may help .
it is very unlikely that samsung will ever release an unmodified android firmware for the galaxy s ii . they have never released one for their galaxy s family of phones without their touchwiz " enhancements " . historically the only android devices that have run the stock os have been the very early phones released by each manufacturer ( before they had written their own customizations ) and the google nexus series of phones . if you stray away from that you are going to get modified firmwares , interfaces and apps . one of the big downsides to using a phone that has extensive manufacturer customizations is that this means that they will generally be a lot slower in pushing out updated versions of the android os to you . phones with manufacturer customized os 's are normally updated months after the nexus devices , if ever . this is because the manufacturers have to do lots of work and testing to re-integrate all of their changes and customizations back into the os every time the base os changes . factor in the fact that phone companies often drag their feet in certifying the updated os 's on their networks and you have a huge set of delays before the updates reach your phone . the big upsides to a customized os is that the manufacturer will often add a lot of features that are not available to stock os phones , eg samsung 's touchwiz offered built-in wireless tethering well before it was added to the stock os in froyo , both htc sense and samsung touchwiz add remote phone tracking and wiping features to the phones ( in most geographic regions ) , their media players can generally play more formats , and the interfaces often look " nicer " . your main option for " clean " firmwares running the stock os for non-nexus phones is to use unofficial custom roms . many of these use the stock android interface and apps , with only minimal changes to either . see these questions for more on custom roms : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc , and what is the meaning of “flashing a custom rom” ? also see this previous question : android phones without custom uis update : since this answer was written one things has changed . in mid-2013 google started offering " google play edition " phones for sale on the play store in certain regions in addition to their own nexus line of devices . these " google play edition " phones tend to be some of the more popular , higher-end gsm phones and are offered with the plain android os with google apps , and without any manufacturer or carrier modifications , just like nexus phones . so far these phones have been getting os updates much faster than their manufacturer modified brethren . so far the phones available on there in " pure google " versions include the samsung galaxy s4 , htc one , lg g pad 8.3 , sony z ultra , and motorola moto g . as these are generally the exact same hardware as their manufacturer branded siblings there are often fairly simple ways to apply these " clean " oss to branded phones ( but do check that you really do have the same hardware , some of these phones have variations with the same name , but different hardware in them , eg they may be available in gsm , cdma , lte versions with totally different radio hardware and soc cpus ) .
if what you are looking for is an “official” way of having a clean android installation in a samsung galaxy s ii , then i have to tell you that this is not possible . samsung provides some added functions in his firmware ( proprietary launcher , mail app , synchronization app with the pc , etc… ) there is the possibility to install custom roms on the samsung galaxy s so probably this will be possible for the galaxy s ii too , but this void the warranty . if what you want is a powerful phone which will be the first to update to every new version of android with no added software or modifications , you are looking for a nexus s .
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
if using twrp you can sideload from within recovery . boot into twrp . go to Advanced &gt; ADB Sideload and slide to start . plug usb cable into pc . if your device is not detected , manually add standard google driver . then type adb devices and you should see : xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx sideload type adb sideload &lt;filename.zip&gt; and it will be flashed automatically .
from your question its clear that your phone is rooted . so if you want to go back to cm 10.2 from cm 11 , you need to download stable build from cyanogen portal for your device and flash it using clockworkmod recovery or any other compatible recovery . similar to how you done with cm 11 . you can backup app data . but its recommending a clean install .
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
pro pdf reader has auto scrolling feature
ezpdf reader pro has a feature Page Auto Flipping which auto-scroll screen every provided second .
when you add the account through the gmail app , you will enter your account info , it will verify the info , and then ask you what you had like to sync , if anything at all . if you do not want anything to sync from the account , then nothing will be . if you change your mind , you can go into the settings -> accounts and sync , and the change it up .
yes ( if i understand you correctly ) . just go into settings - accounts and sync , then modify what things are synced per account . in other words , work@gmail . com can be set to sync gmail , contacts , calendar , etc . but you can set play@gmail . com to just sync gmail ( not contacts , etc ) . there are checkboxes once you add the account .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
yes , at this point . but , there is a talk about sprint-locked nexus 5 . note : if you intend to use 4g lte , then you need to check lte market-compatibility , too . other than that , you are good to use the phone in both countries .
yes , currently . however this could change , the us carriers sometimes sell locked phones . there is currently only one nexus 5 variant , so you do not have to worry about lte compatibility issues .
the feature is not present in android 4.0.4: it was added in 4.1 .
i suggest checking out 3rd party keyboards . there are some free and paid alternatives that may show a nice improvement for you . there are even stock keyboards for other phones that have been ripped out and placed online as apks to download and install . check out your favorite eris/android message board to get some suggestions , and also check the market and try them there , too .
you might want to take a look at tasker , the mighty automation solution on android . i have not setup something as you request , but it is definitly possible , and basically should work like this : condition : event → phone ringing task : either http get or http post to your server 's url . for the task , you can make use of the many variables tasker has preset ( see : tasker userguide , variables ) . in your case : call name / number/ date / time ( in ) = %cname / %cnum / %cdate / %ctime you might need to play a little with it to get it working exactly as you wish . hint : a free trial version of tasker is available via its homepage ( 7-day trial ; on day 6 export all your settings , on day 7 uninstall , re-install , and import all settings for another 7 days , the dev said so ) . i use tasker for years , it never let me down , and i do not regret a single cent from its fee ; ) could not do without it anymore . . .
you could use wi-fi manager . in its settings , it has Switch to best network .
feature of vpnroot does exactly do what you want : auto connect/disconnect on a specific wifi ( only for pro ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.did.vpnroothl=en
as per users it seems that the only official thing to do is to change mainboard that is somewhat faulty on this c8 series . service centre should handle such situation .
this website has a good page on the information : http://nexus7.wonderhowto.com/how-to/unlock-android-ls-hidden-battery-percentage-icon-status-bar-0155876/ but if you want a quick and dirty way to enable this , you can just use : adb shell content insert --uri content://settings/system --bind name:s:status_bar_show_battery_percent --bind value:i:1  followed by adb reboot 
there is no bluetooth le support in all current android apis ( at the time of writing that is api level 16 , up to android 4.1 ) . phone manufactures have to use the stacks of the bluetooth chip manufactures . the only phone that has a build-in le chip and actually makes use of it is the motorola razor . there have been reports that after the ics update , bluetooth le pairing wont work any more . so , no convenient way to query a device for le support and make use of it , until there is bluetooth le support in the official android api . iirc the linux kernel has no ( stable ) bluetooth le api yet , too .
as of now , the checking for ble support has to be done manually by studying specifications and searching on google ( as far as i know ) . see this question on stackoverflow : bluetooth smart ( 4.0 ) / gatt support in android 4.0 ? it states that android does not support bluetooth 4.0 ( le ) out of the box up to android-4.0 ( maybe with jelly bean 4.1 onwards , the nexus 7 tab suggests that ) . manufacturers have to add their own api to allow access to bt le ( e . g . this app is limited to motorola ) . that is why your mileage may vary with different phones up to 4.0 . casio 's bluetooth le enabled watch is also an example of limited ( official ) compatibility ( not even the iphone 4s is mentioned , by the way ) . my best guess is that with more devices having 4.1 the issue will solve by itself and you can find apps showing it . here are lists by manufacturers : motorola htc : good listing not found yet google : galaxy nexus ( not with 4.0 ) , nexus 7 tab
finally with android 4.3 there is btle support in the os . for individual devices you need to wait for a 4.3 update to see if the support has been added . for now a nexus 4 looks like the one device that should be good . ( i have just ordered one to do btle development on . ) some devices that were sold as btle ready and are believed to have the necessary hardware do not look like they will really work . e.g. the original nexus looks not to be getting the update according to google .
i think the translation is Instant upload , and it means that it uploads the photo to your google+ account 's instant uploads album in the background . check your g+ profile for this folder .
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
you can try to send the apk . file via bluetooth or via email . but if it does not work at all , go to settings> > security> > unknown sources ( enabled ) . . . beacuse apk . is a non-market apps .
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
there could possibly be a bug which is causing the app to delete the latest incoming messages . un-install the application . power off and wait for 2-3mins switch on the device and install the app from the play store check for and install the latest updates for hangouts from the play store always keep your applications up to date in order to avoid some bugs like this in the future
go to Settings &gt; application settings &gt; manage application then tap on the app . it'll say the version you are running under the name . you should not have to check though ; if the app in the market does not say " installed " then you do not have the most recent version .
have you tried removing and re-adding the facebook account in your " accounts and sync " settings ? sometimes something in the sync process can get corrupted ( left half-finished , etc ) and that prevents future sync attempts from working properly . if you clear the account info off the phone and then re-sync it ( wi-fi recommended ) you should get a clean copy . if that does not work , something 's borked with your facebook app ; try completely uninstalling and reinstalling the app ( or at least remove all updates , if your phone/provider considers facebook a " system app" ) . if you had said that none of the facebook sections were syncing properly , i would say you were on a lan that was blocking access to the domain , but that is apparently not the case here .
adb is the acronym for android debug bridge , which is part of the android sdk ( software development kit ) . it uses a client-server-model ( i.e. . adbd , the adb daemon , is running on the device and can be connected to ) , and in most cases is used via an usb connection . it is also possible to use it via wifi ( wireless adb ) . there is nothing you need to install on your android device , as the adb daemon ( adbd ) is already integrated into the android os . it is usually accessed via a command line interface from the pc , where either the full android sdk is installed ( several 30 mb download archive currently ) , or a massively stripped-down version for " non-developers " , sometimes referred to as " mini adb " or " adb essentials " ( for linux , this is only the adb executable ; for windows it is adb.exe plus two or three .dll files ) : adb [-d|-e|-s &lt;serialNumber&gt;] &lt;command&gt;  ( serialnumber is only needed if there are multiple devices connected at the same time , so you have to specify the target ) it would become a rather long answer to explain all the options/commands available to adb . so i will only name some of the more important : adb backup / adb restore: to backup/restore your device , either single apps with/without their data , or data with/without their apps , up to a full backup of all apps and data , including system apps adb push / adb pull: copy files to/from the device adb shell: open a shell on the device to execute commands directly adb logcat / adb bugreport: display the system log or generate a complete bug report including system log , device information and more adb [un]install: ( un ) install an app this is just a small selection . there are additional commands for scripting , and especially adb shell has a lot of options ( basically , all linux and java commands available on the device can be run through it ) . useful references everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via sdk developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
try going into Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; WordFeud and clicking both the Clear cache and Clear data buttons . Clear data may remove your account , so you may have to log back in , but it should help the problem . if it does not , i would have to say uninstall and re-install .
i am using evernote v4.2.1 and the multiple list functionality works correctly , whether i am using numbers or boxes or hyphens . the result is : test test you should try to update your app in google play and try again .
try the ' dsp manager ' application from cyanogen community . download application here dsp manager for stock rom 's
there is an app which can do it for you . . . try the free one first , and if it works , then buy the full version : ) free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.free.android.lvhfeature=search_result payed : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5urvnulmfuzhjvawqubhzoil0 . have a great day : )
the youtube app does not provide these free movies . i believe the only movies google provides is in their play store ; obvious not free options .
i do see what you are talking about . in my youtube app ( ics version ) i can see several categories under " browse " , where it seems movies would fit in , but this category is non-existent . i do know that there are many videos on youtube that are " not available for viewing on mobile devices " , and i think this is what is happening in this case . for example , " talladega nights " is currently available under the youtube movie section , but cannot be found in doing a search on the mobile app . it looks like this is a desktop only feature for now :/
it appears that the " view free movies only " functionality has not been added to either the youtube app nor the mobile version of the site . presumably this will be added at some future date , but until then , a workaround ( which works for me in canada , at least from brief testing ( i was able to open and start watching final fantasy : the spirits within ) ) would be to do the following : open youtube.com/movies in your device browser . hit the " desktop " link at the bottom-left . open the free section as normal and find the movie you want . when you hit the watch now button , select to open in the youtube app rather than in browser . if at some point in those steps it just jumps on its own to the youtube app , you will need to go into settings-> applications-> youtube and clear the " launch by default " setting for the app .
you can look at the google changes for each release of android , but this device uses samsung touchwiz . this release contains the google changes , plus the changes that samsung made . i do not know of a " change log " page that samsung has . i read that this version is the official gingerbread 2.3.5 release of android touchwiz . but also , if you use a usb jig , that it breaks the that functionality .
you should be able to get into fastboot mode ( which bypasses the download mode you are currently in ) by pressing and holding the volume up and down buttons while turning on the phone . this should get you into fastboot . from there , you can enter recovery by pressing volume up twice and power to confirm once you are in recovery , you will need to perform a factory reset/data wipe . if your recovery somehow got hosed , you can download the recovery image from cm 's wiki page and then get into fastboot mode and use fastboot to flash the recovery . fastboot flash recovery "c:\location\to\recovery.img" 
sdcards remount by default as read only on errors , could be one . or the contacts of the sd slot are dirty or loose or the micro usb port is so overused that random connect events happen that might get your card unmounted for a mount on a then not existing pc . ^that paragraph is based on what happened to my motorola milestone 2 , if i plugged that into the car charger it want crazy activating and deactiving dock mode 6 times per second . maybe something similar goes for charge indicatiors . also magnets in vicinity of androids can cause the strangest quirks
in the galaxy s4 sms application , go to settings and there is an option called " screen on " . untick this option and you should be able to do what you want .
if you want to only affect texts , but leave other notifications alone , then go to your messaging app ( the screen with all your threads , not a specific conversation ) , click the menu button > settings go down to notifications and deselect " notifications " . if you are trying to get your phone to not react at all when you receive a notification , then blocking mode is your obvious answer . no noise , vibration , the screen stays off . . . you can even set it to not blink the notification led . i am sorry if neither of those satisfy the outcome you are looking for , but that is really all that you can do to keep the screen from lighting up .
i’m puzzled . why do you want this behaviour ? anyhow , i do not think it is possible . mobile phones have been doing this as a way to silently alert you of activity since foerver . if you want to preserve battery life , you can try dimming the screen as low as it can go instead .
click on the man picture on the drop down . click on the man picture on the next two screens that come up . you should have two options " take new photo " and " select new photo from gallery " , add the photo here .
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
and if you are using a open wifi network for example on a café , then you can be watched with a simple app called droidsheep . . but all devices can be detected by such app , even mac and windows and ios . . . so just be careful when you are using a open wifi network . . .
when you say that wi-fi is enabled i am taking you literally : that wi-fi is enabled but is not actually connected to an access point ( hotspot ) . so the answer is no . just enabling the wi-fi on your phone does not make it visible to other devices . it just sits there listening passively . no one around you can see your wi-fi or get it to respond . if you set your device to be a wi-fi hotspot ( typically for tethering purposes ) it will emit a signal called a beacon that allows other devices to see it . also , if you turn on wi-fi direct then it can be seen , but this is a new feature in android 4 that is not widely used yet and i do not know much about it .
as a first look i would say that you are experiencing the sudden death symptom , but it is hard to know for certain . try to clean your battery connectors or try with a new battery .
get yourself a heating pad and set it to low , slowly increment the temperature until it begins charging again . if this works , your easiest fix is to buy a battery charger and interchange batteries . if your battery is dead , below operational then get it recharged for free at a battery store near you . if you want to resolve the problem , then inspect the charging ports for corrosion or damage . if you have a soldering kit you may want to replace this part if damaged at your nearest radio shack or electrical parts store . if the problem goes beyond that then call samsung tech support higher levels and pick there brain of what parts on the motherboard controls the battery temperature and if he can give you a replacement part number you can order . this may be a lengthily process but would help others with this same problem . good luck , and please update us if you decide to go this route . always recycle , your trash is another persons investment .
i would guess this is not cm9 specific , but based on a quick test on my kindle fire you can just hit the Back button on the account select screen the first time you launch music and it will simply skip it . also , you can unlink your account by clearing the music app 's data in your settings ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Music-&gt;Clear Data ) .
besides a few visual differences , the look to be the exact same device . the only differences i see between the 2 spec sheets is the dimensions and weight . i5800 specs i5801 specs
glad your problem is resolved . however , to answer the question a little more directly , there are logs where additional information for things such as this often exist . you can download android system info from electricsheep and you can view the logs here . it is very unfriendly but is sometimes helpful .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
if the data still exists on the sd card , i have had some success with recuva . it might even be able to help if the file is on internal storage . the question becomes , then , how to find the file ?
also you can put your phone in airplane mode . you will still be able to access wifi , but all other connections will be terminated . just leave wifi off and your good to go .
it depends which frame was impacted . if it was the " thicker one " this one is easily replaceable ( though you have to remove pretty much everything - there are videos on youtube ) . of course if you have a warranty sticker on one of the screws warranty goes bye , bye if you remove it . if it is the " thinner " to the front the only way to fix this is to replace the whole assembly - screen included which costs big ( about 250 usd import ) . that is because the amoled is glued to that frame - you had have to unglue the glass , and unglue the screen which is impossible without breaking it . ( source )
this has happened to me also . do a full wipe and flash the rom again . it takes around 5-10 mins for first boot .
since you have jelly bean ; how about a lock-screen widget ? they are very useful and there are tons of them . note by default lock screen widgets are disabled , go to the Settings app on your device , select Security and look for the "Enable Widgets" option you could use google keep as an example : i use dash clock widget on my lock screen and homescreen ! it is a wonderful , simple widget . the advantage is you can add loads of extensions , for example : dash clock notes which sounds exactly right for what you need ! here 's an example : there are numerous notebook style applications , and i , obviously , cannot provide an exhaustive list . why not shop around ( many are free ) and ensure they have a lock-screen widget option ? !
you phone knows what the closest towers are . there is a provider database for each country which tower id is located where on the map . this database might be small enough to be preinstalled by your provider or supplied over the air . how an android phone gets this data i do not know .
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i have slightly different answers for #3 : the device could be used if you want to use triangulation , but you need to use the carrier if you want to match the cell-id and the localization of the gsm ( or cdma ) tower .
a lot of this is carrier specific and i am not a dev but heres what i could piece together from the interwebs and the trainings i have had in electronic crime investigation : yes but it depends on the specific apps lbs priorities which are set by the dev and can be based on current course accuracy , power levels , predefined priorities . . . yes . the carriers have proprietary wifi base station location dbs . i can not speak to android specifically , but generally this is going to be carrier and network type ( cdma or gsm ) . phones are capable of both but at least a few years ago they did this work on the handset because of the bandwidth constraints of doing it ota .
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
omg , i have found the following posting : http://community.skype.com/t5/security-privacy-trust-and/skype-invading-and-changing-people-s-online-status/m-p/2961695/highlight/true#m28546 according to above the " always on " concept was a deliberate decision by microsoft : they admit that certain scenarios need fixing : this is just so weird . they should certainly make it configurable . for now the only way to disconnect is to manually " sign out " . quitting the app is not sufficient . shutting down the device is neither .
send any of your contacts : /showplaces  it will show you all devices currently online for this account : then send : /remotelogout  it shokld kick off all devices but current . now check again by /showplaces  it should now be only one connection in list :  [18:50:32] System: You have 1 online endpoints: {25cf308c-73a9-ddfe-c6c7-c4a2507cf657} my_desktop Linux Skype 
dolphin browser mini has a setting in the tools menu that is an easy way to switch between user-agents . it includes viewers for : android ( default ) desktop iphone ipad plus , it works much faster than the stock browser !
you can select the user-agent on both android tablets and android phones , it is in the settings menu :- )
open the web browser navigate to about:debug ( make sure you press the " go " button , not search ) nothing will seem to happen , but it did . . . press the menu key and select " more " now select settings . scroll down and you should see an option for " uastring " or " change user agent " .
type about:useragent in the address bar then simply choose Desktop. could not be easier ! note that this does not work for all devices , see how can i change the user agent for the stock browser ?
the recent version of opera mobile ( 11.1 ) also includes the user agent option ( mobile / desktop ) see : settings/advanced/user agent
on android 4.0+ , there is a section in settings named data usage : when data is enabled , you will see an option to limit your data . once ticked , two markers labeled ' limit ' and ' warning ' will appear . you can drag them up and down to set their values . tapping menu will give you this : as you can see , you can toggle background data from there .
had a similar issue between nexus s and 2012 kia sportage . worked fine for about a week , then audio streaming just stopped . connection was still good , could make and receive calls . tried a number of things like cycling the bt on/off , disconnecting/reconnecting , renaming the phone , etc . brought it to dealer but was told the problem was with the phone since they were able to stream using an iphone . in the end , a soft reset ( power off/on ) fixed it .
finally i found the solution : when in car mode ( automatically toggled using llama when my car connects via bluetooth ) , i use car dock home v3 as home replacement . inside it is preferences in the " car mode system settings " there is an option called " samsung usb mount au . . . " ( can not read the complete entry ) . i had already forgotten that i checked this option since i wanted to know what it does . now i know that it mutes a2dp ; ) no idea what it should do but fortunately now i have sound again .
you could click the overflow button ( menu ) and choose to share the page . then using an app like evernote or catch , sync the data to your desktop pc . alternatively , if you use chrome as your desktop browser - use phone 2 google chrome which uses the above concept . also , take a look at android2cloud which has similar functionality .
i had the same problem . but it disappeared . i am not 100% sure why , but i suspect that either android 4.0 ( cm9 ) fixed it , or the new separately released official calendar app on play store .
did you checked that it is your google profile in the calendar app when you create an event ? i mean , when you create an event , next to the color change you need to checked that it is your mail there , your calendar . i have a bunch of calendar in one account ( personal , work , school , etc ) and i can separately add event to each of them . . here is a pictures from my device to show you what i mean : it is the only thing i can think of , so i hope it is helpful !
most likely because when you are adding to your phone , you are adding to a different account which is synced with your google account . i know my phone has its own " samsung " calendar which syncs with google 's . have a look in your calendar 's settings to see if you can establish this . also check you do not have two linked google accounts .
try external keyboard helper . a non visible soft keyboard ( input method ) intended to be used with hardware bluetooth and usb keyboards . it automatically brings up the input method dialog when bluetooth keyboard connects or disconnects ( on some devices this can also be made to work with usb keyboards ) . it supports a lot of different keylayouts also provides a lot of configuration options .
the cell radio in a mobile phone is designed only to receive and transmit at certain frequencies . it can not pick up an arbitrary transmission such as a radio car key , regardless of whether it is in standby or fully on . it is very unlikely that you could even do this by replacing the device 's radio firmware , let alone with a normal app . at the same time , even if you can modify the transmitter , running it on a licensed mobile phone frequency would likely constitute a criminal offence . the same goes for the wi-fi and bluetooth radios too .
go to Settings &gt; Language &amp; keyboard &gt; HTC Sense Input and turn off the option of Vibration feedback . it is present in both htc sense 4 and 5 . it is even described in this youtube video .
does this do the trick ? Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings &gt; Set home page
i am not sure that it fit exactly your question , but it may be help : open the web browser , and go to http://www.google.com go to the footer an follow the link Settings consider to check yes at the question Allow use of device location? then follow the link at the top right More setting &gt;&gt; finally , set your languages preferences
so i figured out a while back that it is my phones locale that is affecting this but never really thought i could change it . this morning however as i was doing a goolge search for " how to change android locale " i though about trying to search for an app on the market . sure enough there are a few that can . the one that i have gone with is made by inka . custom locale
as far as i know , nexus s uses the so called micro-USB cable , the same my galaxy 5 does . this is very good , because you can buy a generic cable like that in retail stores or shops that sells electronic stuff . i did so a few days after i bought my cell phone , and it costed the equivalent of us$4.00 in my country ( chile ) .
usb data cables are pretty much interchangeable . even on devices that have modified sockets to allow connecting a headset cable to the usb port , you can usually still use a normal usb cable for charging and data with no harm to the device .
check to see if all of those music processes are running . i would assume they all listen to play/pause events while active , maybe verifying that all but one are killed could get a response from just one .
the app media button router is just what you are looking for . the app allows you to choose the media app you wish to control with the bluetooth forward/reverse buttons using voice prompts . the app does not work perfectly with all media apps , but i find that by playing with the settings you can usually overcome problems . but when it works it is magic !
there is a fantastic project underway called android-vnc-viewer has several input modes that would capture mouse movements/actions like right click .
you should uninstall microsoft .net4
i do not think rebooting has anything to do with charging pins . taking the phone to someone with lack of understanding was your first mistake . by messing with the pins they probably made it worse and introduced the new problem with charging . if i were you i would have tried a factory reset and then if that did not help flashing a fresh copy of the os . better go with the warranty now , but it may already be to late since someone already messed with the hardware .
if it is within the warranty period , just ask for a new phone . it may be a defective piece . : )
i have done this on a cheap tablet before , really all there is to it , is to get clockworkmod installed on the device , then flash cyanogenmod 's gapps onto it . . . . . unfortunately i did a little bit of digging , and was not able to come up with much as far as getting clockworkmod installed onto that particular device . . . . there was one point in time where you could just flash the market/play store apk directly onto the device , however these days it requires the full blown framework to run correctly , so you can not just flash the apk separate , but rather you need to flash the whole zip file in recovery .
just pull down the notification ( not the notification bar , the specific notification you want to expand ) with two fingers to expand ( if and only if , the notification supports expanding ) . if you cant expand it with two fingers swiping down , then just turn on the auto rotation and navigate to somewhere ( which can be rotated , in my case i use to go to settings ) and then slide down your notification bar . it should be visible by now . : )
if you mean the google keyboard , yes . go to settings > language and input > google keyboard settings > add-on dictionaries . refresh if you have not done it for a while ( or at all ) . then just check the languages that you want . i do not know if serbian is there though .
i know that you do not want to install any third party apps but without which you cannot get the language you want . for serbian try this app . visit this page to confirm the language support . " i would really like to avoid using third party keyboard , because this handset is very limited on resources . " which according to me is due to the less available memory on your device try to move your apps on the memory card ( micro sd card ) .
this is not a direct solution , but a workaround . you could forward the message ( but not send it ) ; this is a feature the stock messaging app supports . when you forward a message , it puts that message into edit mode , as if you were sending a new message . from here , you can select the text that you want to copy .
i highly suggest using bridged mode if the vmware host is connected via ethernet . this will let the guest server think it is directly connected to the lan , and give it an ip address similar to the one of the host . this will allow you to connect to the server from any other device on the network . if you use nat , you would need to set up rules to allow incoming connections to your guest server , much more work . now , using bridged , you should not lose connectivity to your server if configured correctly . is your host machine using dhcp , or does it have a static lan ip address ? if static , make sure you change your guest os to static as well , using a free ip in the same range . if dhcp , then set your guest to use dhcp just the same . sorry if this does not answer your question directly , but i think it will help .
rom manager does not do anything particularly special to install a custom rom . it essentially makes a call to the recovery binary that allows it to save instructions for your recovery partition to run the next time it boots , thereby automating the process of flashing whatever zip file you choose . you could do the exact same thing manually . therefore , if your device needs to be s-off to flash a custom rom from recovery , it will also need to be s-off in order for rom manager to flash a rom . it will not work on an s-on device since it will not be able to write to the nand , and you will not even be able to get a custom recovery to stick in the first place , most likely , which it will ultimately need to flash the rom .
try colornote , the size in the current version , according to google play is 716kb , it recently got online sync although i do not think there is web editing yet though .
create a folder . place your notes as text files under it . there are many file managers to support viewing and editing text files . you can use a tiny text editor named jota text editor if your file manager does not support it . then , sync this folder with dropbox using a tiny dropsync app ( 422kb ) . done ! it is universal . you can take your notes offline to any platform where dropbox sync is supported . and , you can access your notes from any device which can take you to the web . best of all : it is future-proof . i have just got email from year 3012 that there exists text files , but no evernote .
use ak notepad ( 468kb ) . it can sync notes via catch.com. its not a bloatware . it allows you to pin-lock your notes . you can pin notes to homescreen using it .
now is the time to recommend google keep to this question . cloud stored data ; all part of the google-verse . accessible everywhere .
i had an android for a long time before i got my windows phone ( still prefer android ) , and i used an app called network monitor . here 's the link to it : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/tools/network-monitor_biuf.html i had a htc inspire as well , and it worked perfectly .
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps you’ve installed on google play , the words you’ve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
i know nothing about ' pandaboard ' . but a usb otg port , acts as both master and slave . depending on the spare pin of the mini usb cable ( if its grounded or not ) . a host port aka your pc can only talk to salves like flash/hard drives . usb otg can talk to flash drives and also act like a flash drive too .
since this product exists , i assume that you can connect memory devices ( such as a thumbdrive/pendrive ) to your phone with just a usb connection , the otg cable that you mention is just an adapter for two different kinds of connectors of what is essentially the same type of connection ( usb ) . ymmv , but it should technically be possible to connect memory devices to your phone this way . which ones work and which ones do not probably depends on many factors , such as the rom running on your phone , the thumbdrive/sd card reader used and so on .
maybe . chainfire 's usb host diagnostics reports shows some instances of the galaxy s3 mini ( model gt-i8190 ) as working with usb otg on the stock rom , but also about as many reports of it not working . it looks like just about all instances of the successful otg tests are on rooted devices . about the only way you will find out for sure is to try it for yourself . worst case , you are out the couple dollars the cable cost you .
i would assume , yes . currently , my samsung galaxy s4 ( using the latest stock rom ) supports usb otg . before that , i had a samsung galaxy s2 . using the stock rom , i could not use usb otg . so , i installed usb otg helper , which requires your phone to have root . when i changed to cyanogenmod ( cm ) rom 10.1 , i did not need usb otg helper ; it had usb otg support .
in the future , you can just use your phone like a flash drive when you have it plugged in . you can add it to the internal storage or a micro sd card .
i guess since no one else answered , i will post what i ended up doing as an answer . the solution that worked best for me was isyncr . it is a mac/pc app that acts as a middleman between itunes and your device , so you can sync all your itunes music , playlists , and song data . it was not perfect or free , but it was what worked the best for me .
i think i have found a solution . it is pretty simple - just try to hold the menu button . the info about battery disappears and allows you to use the camera .
try downloading and using a third-camera app from the market . the restriction is apparently on the stock camera app , not on the hardware ( the camera itself ) . i downloaded retro camera , and it is able to take a picture when my galaxy s is on low battery . that might not be the app you want , so do a search on the market with the keyword " camera " .
this is , unfortunately , not adjustable in the stock version of android . if you root there are 3rd party versions that modify this low battery level .
count of 5 star * 5+ count of 4 star * 4+ count of 3 star * 3+ count of 2 star * 2+ count of 1 star divided by number of people rated
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
first , obtain the following : android device with root access adb on your computer you can do without this , but that just means a lot of time copying files back and forth to your phone and moving them with something like root explorer text editor now , plug your phone in to your computer and navigate to the /system/usr/keylayout/ folder , using adb or a terminal emulator pull the file for your keylayout . mine was called qwerty.kl and looked like this : now , play with the file ! to change L to M , key 38 L-> key 38 M obviously , key ### maps to certain keys . this can be tedious , as you mostly have to guess and check the key numbers . here is what i have found so far for mine , hopefully it helps : the next part is the mapping . simply put the character or command , such as HOME after the key number . the last part ( WAKE/WAKE_DROPPED ) determines if the key wakes the screen . WAKE=wake the screen WAKE_DROPPED=do not wake screen . now get it like you want it , and enjoy ! this will work with english-based keyboards , after that it is a little more guess and check , because you will need to know the foreign character that corresponds to the english character that corresponds to the key # .
the problem was bad ( or improperly upgraded ? ) saved data in the launcher app . here 's how i fixed it . at the dialog above , press " report " when in the report screen , drag down the notification bar at the top of the screen . press the settings button in the upper left of the notifications area . tap " apps " , then " all " , then find launcher in the list . tap launcher . tap " clear data " . you lose your home screen customizations , but at least the phone now works again .
on a google springboard by t-mobile , i had the same problem . when i called them , i was told to bring it in for a reset , which i did not want to do . on a springboard do the following : tap the clock tap your current internet connection to bring up the menu tap settings tap applications , then tap all tap ok on the " unfortunately launcher has stopped " window . tap launcher in the list of all applications . wait for the configurations to load . then tap clear data . everything worked as it should after this .
the android permission system has so flaws . . . any app that wants to use any part of a particular permission must accept access to all parts of that permission . for example , i created an app that started off using no permissions . eventually , i wanted to add the capability to export the database to the sd card . i had to add the permission that allowed me to write to the sd card . that permission gives me full access to the sd card to write , delete , snoop , etc . so , yes , those apps can do all those things you fear with those permissions . no real way around it if you need those apps . but , to be fair , the other option ( ios ) is all apps have all permissions , without ever informing you of which of those they intend to use , no matter how rough - grained .
to use those new feature when informations are being pulled from gmail you are going to need the new gmail app there is a flashable zip on xda-developers but its reporting to break some stuff so your best bet is to wait a week or so to get the jellybean update from google .
in the current firefox 28 the issue is solved by setting browser.search.loadFromJars to false in about:config . then only the search engines i added myself are shown .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
you can still disable the search engines if you have root access to your device . specifically , you need to pull and modify the file search . json . on my device , i have : adb pull /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/search.json  now , by default , this file does not format everything nicely , so you can use something like http://jsonformat.com  in order to clean things up . in any case , you will see bits such as  "_id": "[app]/bing.xml", "_name": "Bing", "_hidden": false, "description": "", "__searchForm": "http://www.bing.com",  you need to take the "_hidden " flag and change it to true . do this for all of the search engines to hide all of them . or , frankly , just delete everything under engines . then , upload the file back and restart firefox with a command like : adb push search.json /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/  until an application restart , the changes will not be seen . as a slight editorial note , it is dumb that we have to do this by hand . either we should be able to disable things under settings-> customize-> search settings or we should have some way of turning things off in about:config . while i understand that removing menu items that cause too many support issues , completely removing the option even from about:config is counterproductive .
although you can not remove search engines from firefox for android any more ( which i think is the wrong decision for them to have made , personally ) , you can at least reorder the list , which almost makes up for not being able to remove search engines ( i really do not want to ever use bing , thanks firefox ) . to reorder the list , go into settings > customise > search settings and set one of the search engines as default by long-clicking and clicking " set as default " . it will then move to the top of the list . if you then change the default to something else , the previous default is moved down one place ( rather than going back to a predefined position ) . so you can reorder the list however you like by setting each of your favorite engines as default in turn , in reverse order of preference . say you wanted your list to start with google , wikipedia and amazon in that order , you would first set amazon as the default , then wikipedia , then google , and your list will end up with google , wikipedia and amazon as the top three , in that order .
you can run python with sl4a but matplotlib is a graphical package so you are going to run into trouble there .
it could be a misbehaving app keeping the device awake ; i have that about once a month with my motorola milestone 2 . did not figure out how to prevent it , but a reboot always solved it . a proposal how to " catch " it , however : there is an app called drainguard available on the playstore . it watches your battery consumption , and gives an alert as soon as it detects a " sudden drop " . this helps to notice the " power drain " before the "5% alert " makes a noise and switches your phone off -- so you can either start investigating while the process is ongoing ( some time left before " full drain" ) , or simply trigger an immediate reboot to " kick the bad guy out " when in a hurry .
a bad battery could cause this .
i have an lg optimus 2x . same , 512 mb of ram . i have used ics . now i am on jellybean ( 4.1- cm10 ) . i have never had a problem using the phone . ( heck it because so much smoother in jb ) . the only problem is that certain memory hungry apps like chrome are a tad bit laggy .
i think smoothness depends more on the processor/gpu/chipset than ram . ram is of course still important but 512mb should be enough . more ram is only needed for multitasking , so android does not immediately kill background apps when memory is low .
i use switchpro widget app instead of the power controls . so many more options and customizable . not free but only 99c . it has a auto rotate toggle among many more switches .
i was wrong about the setting , it was not the auto rotate button . power control widget does not have auto rotate , just wifi - bt - gps - sync - brightness . from http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42405 : what you consider to be the auto-rotate toggle , is the button to switch the sync ! it will switch whether your device will sync in background or not .
i too was thinking the sync button on the power control widget was the auto-rotate buttong . however i have found that by touching the top status bar and dragging it down gives me an auto-rotate button without having to go into settings , etc . . . this is available while inside most apps so you do not have to exit to go to the settings panel .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
i had a look at the klog , all you can do is : search for a different kernel ( is your firmware up to date ? ) ask the ( correct ! ) maintainer/developer to fix it especially if it is an inofficial cyanogenmod build , you cannot ask the cm team , but have to ask in the forum where you got the firmware image from . track it down and fix the kernel yourself ( unlikely , that you have asked this here ) some background : that is definitely a kernel problem , have a look at the line [ 4264.601013 ] unable to handle kernel null pointer dereference at virtual address 00000000 . . . [ 4264.603424 ] pc is at audmgr_enable+0x168/0x1c8 if you want to know more you can read up on stackoverflow on how to diagnose a kernel oops and what is a linux kernel null pointer dereference . there is also a howto available here .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
seems like what you need is to set the " wifi sleep policy " to never . . . you can find that in the advanced wi-fi menu . then you could let your screen shut down and still be able to talk with no interference with skype .
you can simply use an app like earpiece . it does what you want to do . you can pop earpiece up on top of another application simply by holding down the search key . then check Audio through earpiece on a side note , use at your own risk . playing audio at high volumes , especially for a prolonged amount of time , can damage speakers and/or hearing .
to disable auto-correct in swift 3 keyboard in ics : go to Settings and then in Language &amp; Input go to Swift 3 Setting then go to Advanced now in Spacebar will select always insert a space .
swiftkey simply is a keyboard app . you might want to check in settings&rarr ; language and input&rarr ; keyboards and input methods which keyboard is active/checked , and check its configuration . many keyboard apps allow to turn off autocorrection : so does the default keyboard on my wildfire ( running cm 9.1/android 4.0.4 ) . if your keyboard does not support this , you might want to check for an alternative . hacker 's keyboard is a good choice here ( i use it on my tablet ) , and for sure allows to turn off autocorrection ( i use it this way ) . you still get the word recommendations and can tap words for auto-complete -- but nothing gets replaced anymore without your explicite consense .
swiftkey allows for disabling of the auto-correct when a physical keyboard is being used . to disable auto-correct during physical keyboard use : open swiftkey 's settings open the swiftkey app from your app launcher long press on the swiftkey logo/123 button when the swiftkey keyboard is up go to Advanced scroll to the bottom check the option for Physical keyboard space behavior which will " disable autocomplete for physical keyboards . i just checked on my droid 3 , which has a physical keyboard , and it disabled it . this was checked using swiftkey version 4.0.0.106 .
it depends : you are on a cdma network ( verizon , sprint ) you can not call and use internet at the same time ( exepect if you use internet over wifi ) - this is limitation of cdma only networks you are on a gsm network ( at and t for us and almost all other operator worlwide excluding asia ) . in this case if you have 3g connectivity you should be able to use 3g and call at the same time , if connectivity not 3g but only grps/edge you can not have a call and internet at the same time ( because gprs/edge use voice channel )
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
i wanted to be able to use adb 's ability to simulate touch input to pair a bluetooth mouse to my phone , but it does not seem like this is going to be possible because i am running 4.2+ which requires rsa fingerprint authentication . . . which none of my computers have permission for . i will order a usb 3-way y cable and use a hack version of usb otg to plug in a physical mouse . i can do this because i can use adb through fastboot to temporarily boot a non-touch cwm recovery , then use adb to push the modified kernel img and flash using the non-touch interface , which should then hopefully boot up . since i am on cm10.2 i already know franco kernel causes soft-brick , so hopefully the modified otg stock kernel does not cause soft-brick . once i have the phone fully booted , it should just be a matter of connecting a power source and pointing device to interface with my device .
if your talking within your app , this is impossible as you cannot override the home button even if it is soft or hard button . so a full lock is always impossible . this is to stop rogue app 's taking full control of the phone .
there are several apps on google play that can do that . here are two , that do what you want : touchblocker touchlocker
posted my question too quickly , i just found a way to do a bit the same , when the keyboard is out , a press on back will hide it , this is handy when filling forms with numerous entries , to make the keyboard pop out again simply click in a text field . . . this is enough so far , and a long press on the menu will bring out the search window .
try to clean out the /sdcard/Android/data/com.amazon.venezia/cache directory . this is where the apks are stored when initially downloaded , and they should be deleted when the application is installed . seems for some reason , they are not always deleted , so it continued to ask to install it .
open the google app and press the menu button . settings => google now ( click to the left of the toggle ) => scroll down and toggle the weather off
you can block all 3g usage by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and then clciking use only 2g networks to disable 3g usage . there are also lots of widgets available that will allow you toggle between 2g / 3g usage .
if you have a rooted device you can filter which specific apps can access the 3g connection with droidwall .
onavo will let you do this , and it does not require your device to be rooted : " data hog blocking : restrict specific apps to wi-fi , or block your 3g data altogether once you exceed your data cap to avoid any additional costs " note that it is only free for a limited time ( http://www.onavo.com/help ) .
the most accessible way to get a copy of the app itself would probably be to download a stock rom in zip format and just extract the htc camera app ( /system/app/HTCCamera.apk ) . a de-odexed version would probably be easiest , but in theory you could extract both the . apk and the . odex file and put them on your device if you wanted . to be honest , though , i would be pretty skeptical about the htc camera working on your rom since deck is not sense-based . you can give it a shot , but i would wager it relies on some sense framework files ( never tried it myself ) .
did you take a nandroid backup or a titanium backup before flashing ? if you have a titanium backup , you can try restoring the camera app from there ( app only , data can be incompatible ) . if you did not backup with titanium , you could do a new nandroid backup , restore to the previous one , create the titanium backup and then restore the new nandroid backup . after this restore the app from the titanium backup . since this is a system app i can not guarantee the compatibility of the app , but you can try and if it fails/is buggy , you can revert with nandroid .
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
in the stock messaging app : settings-> multimedia message ( mms ) settings-> group messaging . when this is checked , it will send a single mms message to multiple people ( all within the group ) , like in examples 2/3 . when it is unchecked , it will send a message to each person in the group individually , like in example 1 . all incoming group messages will come in as a group message regardless of this setting . this setting simple controls how your messages are sent to a group . as far as i know , however , you are not able to do this on a per message basis .
as you have got your device with a contract , this added a special barrier to updates . short explanation how that goes : google ( or rather the aosp , android open source project ) releases a new android version . this is usually immediately available to nexus devices -- but . . . device manufacturers need to adapt it to their hardware ( drivers etc . ) and , in many cases , their special " skinning " ( htc sense , samsung tourchwiz , motorola blur , etc ) , which again at least delays availability of this update carriers using their special branding ( boot logo , special apps , and more ) so if there is a new android version released by the aosp does not necessarily mean it becomes available for all android devices . it might get stuck already in step 2 if a manufacturer decides to no longer support a device ( in your case that happened after the 2.3 release , so 2.3 is the latest " official version " available to the device ) -- and even if it passes this step , but you have got a branded device , it might get stuck in step 3 ( which most likely is what happened to you ) . the only way out if got stuck in steps 2 or 3 is checking for custom roms . as that " getting stuck " also affects developers , they often decide to build their own roms . many times this is done by porting a rom from compatible devices , adjusting the missing stuff ( or leaving some gaps , so there might be things not fully working , which then is pointed out in the instructions ) . so if you want to go the " do-it-yourself " way ( after having t-mobile unlocking the device , if needed ) , check how do i root my samsung galaxy s ? for how to root your sgs , and where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for fitting roms . the " how-to-flash " usually is described on the page you can download the rom from .
the issue is that there is only wpa_supplicant version 1.0 available in debian wheezy . for support of wifi direct you need wpa_supplicant version 1.1 or higher . you can download and compile the latest wpa_supplicant on your own . this way you make sure wpa_cli is available and wifi direct is supported .
it is possible that the method of rooting used by superoneclick has been blocked on the tipo dual . i have not seen the phone on any of the compatability lists for superoneclick . there are other methods you can use , and for the tipo dual i quickly found unlockroot and a guide on how to root from xda-developers . use at your own risk .
i can not say for sure , but there is probably a zero-width non-breaking space , or some other invisible or unprintable character , at the start of the label , causing it to sort ahead of normal characters .
google has released an app called google opinion rewards . with this , users can get a couple cents at a time , which allows them to " purchase " these books now .
no you cannot read them with out providing your credit card details . you have to provide them or use google wallet .
simply , no you cannot . a sad fact really , as many youngsters want to read through their phone and this limits many to do so .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
it seems that it used to be possible to register with a generated card number . you can get those for example here : http://www.darkcoding.net/credit-card-numbers/ see how to get google music without credit card for free music . unfortunately i am not able to register a generated card number any more . it seems that google started to perform additional checks of the numbers .
try going under apps in the settings . find the touchwiz launcher in the list . there should be an option to clear defaults . this should fix your problem . if the problem persists , try reinstalling nova .
neither of the vendor ids you have added to the udev rules file correspond to a device listed by lsusb . other sources on the net suggest that the correct device id is SYSFS{idVendor}=="1d6b", SYSFS{idProduct}="0104" , but this device does not appear in your lsusb output either . run lsusb with the device unplugged and plugged in to find which device is the right one , and edit your udev rules appropriately . to confirm : you do not want to connect to the serial debugging port to get adb to work .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
ota upgrade has been stopped due to several sw issues . a modified upgrade is expected within weeks , be patient . ( i do have the upgrade , but not installed as i have read about the problems . . . now i am refusing it every day : (
if you go to the asus web site , there are downloads available ( choose android as your os . i got confused thinking that windows was the right choice for the upgrade , they mean windows for the drivers , and android for the firmware ) . download the right localized build . i am in the us , so mine was the us build . copy it to an microsd card in a directory asus\update\patchfile . zip then when you pop the card in , the tablet should notify you that there is an update available .
it seems the lag may have been related to being low on internal storage . after deleting some seldom-used apps ( all the could be moved to sd already had been ) , the overall phone performance is much better , including the launcher .
i think the issue is not really with loading the launcherbut remounting the sdcard . you say it happens when you take it out of the dock ? does the dock connect to your computer ? if so does it put your phone into usb transfer mode ?
if your os version is 2.2 or above you will have the option by default in the settings . Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks-&gt;Tethering &amp; portable hotspot-&gt; Tick Portable hotspot. 
i got this to work by rooting the phone and installing cyanogenmod 7 . the wifi hotspot for tethering other devices is built into the operating system .
what software do i need to add to do this or can it be done with the built-in software ? all software for it is built-in . look through Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks menu . there must be items like Portable Wi-Fi hotspot and Portable Wi-Fi hotspot settings
the theory i guess this very much depends on your device and the rom used . searching the net , i found people using different file systems on their sd-cards successfully : ntfs seems to work at least on a transformer , according to this post a post on xda mentions an app to be used with the samsung galaxy tab ( and s2 ) which made ntfs usage possible according to this german post , cyanogenmod supports extfs on sd-card different sources mention what sounds logical from the unix/linux standpoint : on a rooted device , you can format the sd-card with any file system supported , and adjust the fstab accordingly praxis : what does the playstore say ? so following that google-search of mine , i checked the playstore for hints -- as there was that mentioned app for ntfs in one of the threads . and indeedy , there were some reasonable findings : ntfs mounter ( requires root ) claims : automatically mount and dismount ntfs/fat/ext2/ext3/ext4 formated usb sticks , usb hdd , sd cards ntfssd ( root ) claims to be able to mount sd card using ntfs conclusion and final thoughts to sum up : if rooting your device is an option , above hints should offer you a selection of alternative file systems you could use on your sdcard . which of those might be your choice will probably depend on some additional thoughts -- such as other devices you want to use your sdcard on . if those include a windows system , you better stick with ntfs ( as windows is not easily convinced to read extfs ) . if not windows systems are involved , you are probably better off with one of the extfs versions .
use the hard menu key on your device to get the tool bar back .
i guess the reason why you do not want the toolbar to scroll with the webpage is because you do not want to scroll up when you want to type a new address . i do not use dolphin so i can not tell by first-hand experience , but according to this , you can double tap anywhere on the page to show the toolbar so you do not need to scroll up to type addresses .
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
i have a lg g pad and had the same problem . all i needed to do was type the correct wifi password again and the save button was became enabled , allowing me to set my manual proxy settings for adblock plus .
i also had the same issue but not long after i figured the proxy number given was a mirror image i mean the number was not actually typed but instead you had to type the given number in the box . and change the proxy host to localhost but after this you will have an issue with chrome connecting to the proxy server . the solution for me to this was i went to settings in chrome and went to advanced , bandwidth and management and selected reduce data usage and enable it .
its not about adblock i guess . its is just that you have to give proxy server ip instead of hostname ( it looks something like 10 . x.x. x ) . it will enable save button . so you put that ip in proxy hostname and save button will be enabled . ( it worked for me in my android )
i just did it , according to adp instructions . tap on app , which should have an error message about your proxy settings . when you find your network , hold it until modify network appears . show advanced options ( need tablet in vertical position to see this ) . look for proxy settings and set to manual . proxy settings should be localhost . set port to 2020 . on my page , i had to fill in every line , in order for the save button to appear . hit save .
on some devices , the save button will be grayed out until you re-type your wi-fi password .
you can go to messaging , go to settings by pressing the button next to home button , scroll down and disable preview messages . . . or even better disable notification .
i have been annoyed by this as well ! ! even after turning off as mentioned above i was still receiving the notification and preview of the msg my problem turned out to be an add on sms widget for evernote " sms to evernote " that gives you the option to send your sms to evernote . it is not obvious from the pop up that it is evernote there are two options in the " sms to evernote " settings " enable sms pop up " when you enable this you get further options to " hide sms in pop up " the " hide sms in pop up " option does not work you get the preview regardless it took me a while to work this out and i hope this saves someone else some time :- )
yes , you can do that using Settings-&gt;Lock screen settings and changing there widgets .
open the sms app and fire up the settings option from the menu button . in the notification settings sub-section there is a preview message option . if checked , that will show a preview of the message in the status bar and on the lock screen . uncheck it , and your problem should be solved .
the only way to add more widget is to install an application that allow their widgets to be used on the lockscreen . developers need to specify if their widgets can be used on the launcher , the lockscreen or both . so , if a widget is available on the launcher but not on the lockscreen , i am afraid that you can not use it on the lockscreen . ( but you could mail the developer so he makes his widget available on the lockscreen ) . as said in the comments , a xposed module is available for rooted to user that enable all widgets on lock screen : gravitybox
if you are not rooted then shywim 's answer is correct . however , if you have rooted your device you can install the xposed framework . this allows you to install modules that tweak various aspects of android . the module gravitybox ( kk ) for kitkat and ( jb ) for jelly bean , which you can install via the xposed installer has an option " allow any widget " for the lockscreen . article on gravitybox in this image you can see in the bottom left " allow any widget " under the lockscreen tweaks .
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
are you sure you have enough space left on your sd card ? to check free space , tap settings > storage > sd card . you can also use the disk usage app , which is my favorite third-party way of analyzing storage space on android .
i had the same problem ; apps2sd solved it !
it might be possible that you have a previous version with support for ' move to sd card ' installed on your sd card but the update removed that support . thus it fails because replacing the app on the sd card is not allowed any more . try to move the culprit to the phone storage in advance and retry .
you should move that app back to your internal storage then try to update it . google play can not update the app if it is stored on the sd card .
i recommend removing and reinstalling the app to internal storage . sometimes it is best to start off fresh .
take a look at the link i provided , this should rectify your problem . it will explain in great detail how to to wipe the battery stats in recovery , there are 6 methods shown . since your are rooted this will do the operation properly . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1821870 wipe the battery deletes the file " batterystats . bin " which is established among / data / system / . . . . this file contains all the information " vital " and essential for your battery such as charging the maximum and minimum voltage , the charging time and other info . . . this file after it was deleted by this procedure , will be recreated by the system properly .
you have to calibrate your battery . go to play store and install battery calibration from nèma . then follow in app instructions to calibrate your battery . . . . : )
it sounds like you are trying to do something a bit like dlna ? this is the set of technologies/protocols that allow you to play media on one device on another device on a home network . it is designed for connecting things like media servers , media players , tvs , etc all together to play across the home network . you might find the answers to the following questions useful : can i get dlna on my droid ? dlna enabled media player ?
you might consider plex . you would need to install the plex server on some machine and then install the plex player on your android . software is free . i have found that it generally works well over wireless . however , i have been playing from my win7 laptop over to my roku ( with plex installed ) . have not tried it on the phone . in theory , plex works at wan speeds too ; and they provide a login service you can use to find your plex server at home while on the road . oops . . . did not look at the date of the post . sorry .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
delete the application from your device you are installed the same application in your device , after that you are trying to install the same application from android market please delete the pre-installed application from your device , then try to download from playstore , it will work 100% alternate scenario is : please change the package name of the application , your application will work fine .
first you need to have rsd lite installed . do a google search and look for either 4.9 or above . then you need to go to motorola 's site and install the drivers needed . find an sbf file that will work for you , likely it will need to be a 2.2 file . best thing to do is keep trying until you find one that works . boot your phone in bootloader mode ( volume up button ) and if you get a message about a low battery you will need to find a way to charge up the phone . go to the xda developers forum and search for mcgyver battery fix . ( you can also find sbf files there ) if rsd lite recognizes your phone flash the sbf file and let it do it is thing . more detailed instructions can be found on xda as well , but that is the jist of what you need to do .
@npinti i also faced same issue , now i recovered from that . i will give you the details how to recover from this situation . steps : it is a good thing you are able to run the Zip from the boot menu , first of all go to the link and download the official jordan cyanogen build ( zip file/ installation steps also given there ) . place the Zip file in memory card and boot your mobile . now go to boot menu--> recovery --> custom recovery --> update/install from zip . then select the Zip file and click on install/update . then it will do installation of the Zip file and give the result as completed , then click on Reboot System . that is it ! now you will be able to boot from new os of Cyanogen Mod , it is very nice to use . . if there is any problem you can contact the xda forum or reply here .
i have a brand new google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) lte tablet , bought directly at a computer shop ( no carrier-related ) and i can confirm , that it comes with tethering and hotspot option available by the default .
disclaimer : i do not own a nexus . so the answer does come from internet sources ( xda ) . as per this thread these are some of the responses from the owners which indicates that the portable wi-fi hotspot settings is indeed present in the settings . the option for hotspot tether is there both before and after the system update . nexus 7 fhd lte with t-mobile sim has tethering and hotspot available but not with newly activated at and t data plan sim . the tethering feature disappeared in setting . when i re-insert t-mobile sim that comes with the tablet , the mobile hotspot is available again in the settings . so , it is safe to assume , only if your carrier allows tethering or you have a tethering plan the option will appear in the settings menu .
i edit my post to tell you no it is not english , i agree i was not way clear , but remember im tryin to help here so be polite well you know the apple charger you need like this one and you use it with a usb cable that you use to to coonect your phone to a pc and it ll work the issue is the hole in your phone get bigger than the charger thats why it works only with a usb cable
i tried to do a factory reset and it worked .
it sounds similar to a problem i had with a nexus 7 ( 2012 ) . i could get it charging by connecting it up to charge then rapidly plugging in and unplugging the usb cable from the power brick ( not the phone ) . this usually allowed it to charge although slower than it should . i called google and they said it needed replacing . in the eu we have directive 1999/44/ec that allows phone replacements for 2 years . a factory reset did not solve the problem . you could try different leads and open the contacts on the phone . an apple power brick worked best for me . unfortunately it appears to be a hardware fault . good luck .
there are a few things that could be happening here : it could be that the charger is not powerful enough ( either something happened to it or it never was ) . this means that although charge is going into your phone the phone is using it too fast to add any battery life . to see if this is the case try to charge your phone when it is off or in airplane mode . a software issue could be causing the charging circuit to disengage due to excess charge ( this is pretty much a guess ) . the battery level on the phone ( or charging symbol ) may not be accurate and therefore not give an accurate representation of charging . to test this see if the phone gains actual usable charge when plugged in ( leave it overnight starting at close to 0% and if it makes the night your all good ) . hope this helps . [ edit ] looking at your cpu monitor i have a few more suggestions that might help ( more in diagnosing than anything ) . attempt to connect your phone via adb and access your phone via adb shell ( there should be some tutorials around the web which i may post later ) . then use the " top " command to view all running processes . identify the offending process ( it should have a high cpu load and be named system_server ) get the pid of the process and run the command : " kill pid " with pid being the pid of the process . see if this fixes the issue . let me know what happens or if you run into any issues ( i really want to figure this out now ) .
the binaries should still be there so just install it again . updates sometimes make the icon vanish , but it is still there . do you have the apk file anywhere or is it purchased ?
if you see it in applications but not in the app drawer just reinstall it from the playstore . also make sure your launcher is not hiding the app icon , which is a possibility depending on what launcher you use . also in the supersu app under customizations launch icon , there is a setting to hide the icon . if you want to make sure the binaries are still there you can always check easily with an app called root verifier .
i use my led for camera shots and also for lights and i have been doing so for almost every day or so and i have had my phone ( mytouch slide ) for about 3 months now . nothing has happened to it . i think if you are an avid user , you should just take care of it externally .
leds do have a long lifespan ( 35k-50k hrs depending on the type of led ) but the issue is heat . the leds are intended to be used as a flash ( ultra short duration ) and probably do not have very robust heat managment systems if they have any at all . each phone is going to be different . i would say that using it as a flashlight for a couple minutes tops is fine , but beyond that you run the risk of overheating which , depending on the type of led and where it is positioned in the phone in relation to other hardware could damage the led and possibly other components .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
no , you do not need to do that . you can go ahead and install only the latest version . pro tip : to manage cyanogenmod updates , you can use an app called goomanager .
i saw the cyanogenmod an KitKat tags on the question , so i suppose you own a rooted device with android 4.4 . in general there are good number of apps on the play store which are able to change the dns for mobile connections of pre android 4.4 devices and one ( which i wrote ) which changes the dns on android 4.4 devices . if you need the raw commands , here they are ( need root ) : my answer to a similar question is here and contains references to my app .
outside of email and the browser , you can only copy text from editable text fields , so you can not directly copy text from other people 's tweets in the twitter app . workaround : install copy to clipboard from the market . this integrates with the ' share ' menu . by sharing a tweet to this app it will copy the text to you clipboard .
the version of swype pre-loaded on most gingerbread galaxy s 's does have arrow keys built in . swipe your finger across from the swype button in the bottom left corner of the keyboard to the sym button alongside it , and you should see the cursor control screen instead . just tap the abc button to get back to the normal keyboard . ( the other useful extra keyboard you can get is a proper num pad by swiping from the swype key to the f key in middle of the keyboard ) .
following keyboard apps have arrow keys : hacker 's keyboard go keyboard with its pad plugin simply install them . hacker 's keyboard is not liked on smartphones due to its small buttons , but as you are on tablet , i would recommend it to you . it has all keys found on a pc 's physical keyboard ( including even control , alt etc keys ) . take a look of it : use go keyboard if you want style . it supports more layouts , themes and languages . it supports swipe-based input , too .
current version of swype ( as of this writing ) does not have the arrow keys feature . i would suggest putting in a feature request on swype forums . with that said , there are many alternative keyboard apps on the google play store with the arrow keys built in .
this setting should be found in Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Flash alerts . it is primarily used to notify people who are hard of hearing about calls and messages . source : sprint 's lg g3 user guide
most video recording apps are imho limited to 1h non-stop recording , as you can find with a simple google search , which is probably a safety measure to not let you run out of battery -- as video recording is the biggest consumer ( see what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? ) . however , a developer can have his app overriding this limit ( see max duration for capture video on android on stack overflow ) -- so you might just have to find a video recording app which has this setting increased ( as e.g. one eye browser in this linked pro-version ) .
i see a discussion in androidforums stating that this behavior is a strange bug . it seems that few experienced this issue for whom the color changed after receiving an emergency message . they also say that deleting such messages restores the color . if you had received any such emergency message , can you please try to delete it ? out of curiosity and the attraction of bounty led me to search for this issue else where . i do not have an s3 or know anyone having s3 to confirm this .
it seems to be a bug concerning severe weather alerts . simply delete the culprit message , then force-stop the messaging app . everything should go back to normal . you may permanently disable the culprit messages from coming in by going to messaging> settings> emergency alerts and uncheck the boxes . as confirmed on : http://forums.androidcentral.com/sprint-galaxy-s-iii/192562-text-messages-all-changed-blue.html
the adb backup command will not work fully on an unrooted device as it will attempt to backup things like the /system partition , and without root access the phone will deny you this for safety reasons . i am glad to hear running it with the -nosystem flag worked out for you : ) if you want to do a complete backup you need to be rooted . the /system partition , according to this page : contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . this means that your backup does not include anything related to your operating system , only your apps and their settings . if you decide to root your device , you can create a very solid backup from cwm recovery where all partitions are backed up to the sdcard on the device , including the system and boot partitions .
if you need to do s-on , flash that before flashing the ruu . other than that , just keep in mind that the ruu will wipe your phone .
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
you can use the official ' google maps ' app to view your collections . if you click on the ' pin ' next to the search box to bring up the places screen , then press ' menu ' , you will see an option for ' my maps ' so you can access any of your previously created collections . google maps app -> pin button ( next to search box ) -> menu key -> ' my maps ' link to google maps just in case you do not have it installed ( alternatively , you can skip a couple of steps by opening google maps using the ' places ' shortcut , which takes you directly to the places screen , from where you can press the menu button , then select ' my maps' )
used rainbowcontacts app for android to connect to blackberry via bluetooth and import contacts .
i had same issues with this transfer also . i had problems on transferring my notes to the android platform . i have literally hundreds of notes and a lot of task items . i could not figure out how to transfer them . then i found this little app that makes it much easier . it uses my blackberry backup file to transfer even my sms texts from the blackberry to android . oh ! the name of the app 2can look it up on google play . sweet .
transferring blackberry contacts to android galaxy note 2 turn on bluetooth for both devices pair both devices to each other go to blackberry 's bluetooth setup , and select the android phone- for me it is sgh-t889 renamed galaxy note 2 . press the enter key or trackpad , and the device menu will pop up . select " transfer contacts " your android device will popup a request to accept a file named phonebook . vcf ' . choose accept your android will now accept your complete contact list ! your welcome ! now if your in la buy me a chocolate puddinf cake and a coke . my name is paul .
i had a b9700 , too . and i know many apps do not support b9700 bold . but i found one called netqin contacts sync , and it did a wonderful job ! it did just what it advertised to do , done the task in seconds . netqin sync is available for blackberries , android phones and iphones , so moving contacts from one of the three to another is no problem for netqin . and , it is completely free ! you can check out the procedures here : http://be-tasty-azur.blogspot.tw/2012/11/how-to-move-contacts-to-android-iphone.html
after going through some useless posts all over the internet , i came across one app in bb app world - quick contact transfer . this works great . you may need to shell out few rupees to buy it though .
afaik , defaults on android is not preserved if apps that use the intent are changed . workaround : use intent to launch the application or its activity screen . intent is comparatively reliable though it may be changed when app is updated . take sending email as an example install intent intercept ( google play ) clear the defaults of email client choose " intent intercept " in share menu when sending email copy intent details of your desired application activity open tasker to " create task": misc > send intent edit the parameters ( usually fill in the action and extra is enough ) ref : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/intents.html p.s. some famous companies even provide you the intent details on their developer website , such as evernote .
please go into the settings menu of your phone , go into the tasker app option , and select clear defaults . then open an option that needs an app to do and select the default action . i hope that answers your question - it was hard to understand .
with some models of phones there is a difference between " internal sd card " and " external sd card " , where the former is just a link to the phones internal storage ( whyever ) . the latter is your real sd card . it might be that you are not able to use your sd card in the way you like due to this limitation . using a file explorer , can you see a difference between /storage/sdcard0 and /storage/extsdcard ( or similar entries ) ? what puzzles me most is that you said the problem occurs after a factory reset . so not even the smallest app is movable ?
thanks for your response . yes . i just did a factory reset again today , followed with immediately formatting the 64gb microsd using the phone 's format function and there were no error . i have tried installing apps like logo quiz , instagram , which under setting-> storage has the " move to sd card " enabled ; when i select the " move to sd card " , i get the message " could not move app . not enough storage space . " , as you can see i should have more than 59gb available on the 64gb microsd card ! i was successful with copying music files and pictures into the microsd card by " android file transfer " ( i am using a mac ) , and i have no problem playing the music and viewing the pictures on the phone . using the phone 's " file manager " i can access both " sd card " and " phone storage " . similarly on the android file transfer apps , i can also access both " sd card " and " phone storage " . really cannot figure out what i have missed .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
an incomplete song play is mostly due to the corrupt file which you have downloaded . although it may show around 7mb for a file but if the file is corrupt then it will not play any part of it or in some cases just plays the start and skips to the next . what exactly a corrupt file is a corrupt mp3 file means that some audio bits and tunes are missing or contain some bug . the mp3 player usually plays these bits if all are there in the proper order . if some bit of data is missing then it simply skips to the next track . the corruption of the file can be judged by the amount of file is playable . if you can only play the start then the whole mp3 is corrupt . it is waste of trying because some times you could get only till the middle and later by default it skips . detect a corrupted mp3 or mp4 file : - the best way to check a corrupted file is to do a simple fast forward ( do not do a 4x fast forward for you will not know when the file is fast forwarded very fast ) till the end of the file . in fast forward it will skip to the next available data point . as you are able to only fast forward till the middle then the remaining portion of the file is missing/corrupt . if fast forward jumps directly to the last then the whole song is corrupt and needs to be deleted . for an mp4 file when the video turns pixelated during a fast forward instead of the smooth audio/video then that video is corrupt . a complete video plays the audio and video with ease even if you fast forward . let the file be partially or completely corrupt you have to delete it because corrupt file will never play completely . how to avoid a corrupt file 1 ) always download files from a reputable source . some sites do not have proper files to which many fall trap to . if you download from good sources then you will not have that issue at all . ( my suggestion is to avoid using free downloads as far as possible as it is against the law-piracy issues and also you got cheap audio with these kind of issues ) 2 ) there are some download managers which check for the link , file before download . if the link or file is missing/corrupt then you can avoid this issue .
i had this problem . the song worked fine in itunes , but not in google music . the song has an audio glitch in it from recording it from a burned cd , and that is around the spot where the song skips . it is not the mp3 or the song ; it is something about google music does not like the song . my work around : i made an aac version in itunes , uploaded that , and it worked . so my original mp3 must have been glitchy .
first of all remove the sd card/ make a factory reset ( reset internal storage ) try installing the applications , if it ok , then scan the sd card and use . secondly , try re-install the os flash with your stock firmware . it will solve the issue .
you probably have the htc sense calendar , which is different from the regular calendar . to replace it : root your phone . use a file manager like root explorer to back up any files you replace and to copy in new ones . you will need to browse to /system/app and mount it as r/w . use an aosp ( android-open-source-project ) calendar like this one from xda ( has instructions ) . it is for 2.1 , it might work for 2.2 but if not just search xda for another .
try auto memory manager and set your minfree values on the secondary server lower so it has lower chances killing off services . you can also increase the oom priority of the service to 0 ( lower values means less chance of being killed ) , also part of app .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
16 gb is not " that big " . all devices released within the past 2 years ( which includes your device ) at least support cards up to 32 gb . but every now and then , some incompatibilities are reported : a certain device does not like cards from a certain brand ( i never remember the combinations causing trouble ) . it might well be you have hit one of those . if you have some other card available , try that . if you either wanted to buy a new one , check the brand you are currently using , and buy some other . good idea is to e.g. buy a 32 gb at amazon ( or some other place known to accept returns ) , so if it does not work out ( and also seems to be " incompatible" ) , you can return it .
under the Account Sync action in llama , you can Enable Account Sync then Request Update . it is possible that the play store will update when this is called , but i have not tried it so could not tell you for sure . worth a shot though .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
well the answer seems to be to use weather underground 's ical subscription . it shows up and it gives you more complete weather info . only downside- it does not automatically pick up your location , it is hardcoded to a specific location .
having precisely the same issue on htc evo v virgin load and current updates also seems ""google contacts and events " works on neither calendar app or widget . and " google us holidays " works on both ( right now ? ) got the answer . i went to : home , menu , settings , apps , all apps , calendar storage . clear data in calendar storage . this should erase the exchange calendar from your phone . weather reappeared . but there is more . it quit again . seems to be some conflict between the exchange calendar and the pop calendar . deleted the . calendar memory and settings again , disabled the pop calendar , deleted and recreated the exchange calendar . now its stable .
you dont need to connect via bt . you can do it via wifi . turn on tethering on the iphone . go to wifi settings and ensure the iphone is not connected to a wifi device . then go to your tab and open wifi connection settings . do a wifi search and it'll find the iphone . connect the tab wifi to the hotspot which is the iphone .
mywi for iphone will do it but may need to install wpa_supplicant . adhocfix on galaxy to accept adhoc network . i did this on my nook color and it works really well .
rovio now offers rovio account for their games on ios and android . they describe it thus : rovio account lets you store your game progress and continue playing on another device . as of this writing , only the croods and the original angry birds use rovio accounts , but i expect the other games in their stable to follow along fairly quickly . this is not related to the just-announced google play games , which is a general platform for android .
there are a few other options out there such as swarm ( aka swarmconnect ) that have similar functionality ( leaderboards , achievements , etc . ) for android games . on android it often comes down to developer preference .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
its not only your device 's issue , but also in most of the devices . android 4.2 has this issue . and google officially confirmed it . look above link "We have fixed the a2dp streaming stutter problem on N7. The next release should have the fix.Sorry about the problem." android 4.2.2 fixed bluetooth audio problems on nexus phones and tablets . you just try it out by using new 4.2.2 in your n7 .
i can not tell if leadbolt does as promissed , but i see no harm in giving somebody your imei . at least if you do not use services that do authentication with your imei ( never heard of one ) . but you should wait a little , maybe there is a objection regarding my statement .
if you do not mind rooting your device then your best option to avoid all adds would be to use adaway . it'll bock all ads on your device by modifiying your hosts file and is perfectly safe to use . i have been using it for over a year now .
unfortunately , it appears that this somewhat reprehensable company infecting peoples tablets , phones , etc . , with this rogue app leadbolt can add dishonest to their profile . what appears to happen is that various apps carry this infection along with it . if your unfortunate to download one of these apps , leadbolt rides its coat tails . try getting rid of it . i contacted the company , they gave me an app to run . when you run it , it offers you the choice to " opt out " from leadbolt . i ran it , it told me i was successful in opting out and i thought that would be the end , however , i did not delete the app . about a week later , i ran the app again and sure enough , it told me i could now opt out . this program does nothing ! as far as i can tell , i have yet found anyone or anything to get rid of this curse on my tablet !
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
it is impossible . you can only use sense ui on a rom that incorporates it . to regain it you will either need to return to your stock htc rom or see if there are any other roms that support sense .
i think the method to restore it depends on the version of android you are using but try holding down on an empty section of the home screen till a menu pops up and select Widgets and then you want the one that ( on my phone ) is called Power Control . just hold your finger on it and drag it where you want it on the screen . if Widgets is not in the menu that pops up when you hold down on the screen then go to the main app drawer ( where all of your apps are listed ) and at the top select the Widgets tab and scroll along to Power Control before dragging and dropping it where you want .
if your device is android 4.0+ and rooted , try " greenify " which i developed . you can safely hibernate any app you do not want it to run stealthily ( thus eat your memory , battery and slow down your device ) when you are not actively using it , while still keep it fully functional when you explictly run it , either from launcher or by sharing anything with it . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenify
you can never " choose " per-se an app and dictate that the app will have that guaranteed amount of memory . sure , google maps consume space , but that is for the actual application , does not mean its hogging up memory , android is pretty smart when it comes to memory management . when you long press the home key , it shows the recent apps list , that does not mean they are all loaded at the same time . android keeps track of which activities was shown and if necessary load them again , and once the pressure of ram space hits a certain threshold , android will boot them out to make room for other apps . you cannot override android 's dictation of how and what application should be in ram , just by a user 's presumption that " this certain app should be there in memory and has guaranteed x amount of ram , because i want it to " android is not windows , where their task manager is available at all times via ctrl + alt + del and zap away processes to " free up memory " . . that mantra should be firmly repeated ad-nauseum ! : ) as ryan conrad 's statement in the comment , from the discussion arising out of the likes of ram boosters , task killers et al , this statement sums up exactly why the apps mentioned can have a negative effect on the battery , not to mention introducing instabilities into the system - it is cpu cycles that you should be more worried about than memory . word cpu cycles drains the battery regardless and as the commentator says free memory is wasted memory . let the os handle it . it is better at doing it . it knows what memory can be freed safely without causing additional strain and drain on the device simples really : )
you can try smart ram booster : most of android devices bundle with limited memory . android task manager will selectively kill low priority tasks in order to reserve memory to higher priority task . that’s not always run at an appropriate time , causing low responsive apps , lagging , especially when you launch a new app after heavily browsing web pages . it causes a worse experience . how ram booster works ram booster is designed to overcome these issues by selectively kill less important apps that are running in the background but consumes considerable device’s memory . ram booster comes with auto-boost in 4 levels : aggressive , strong , medium , gentle .
not for a specific person -- but still a shortcut , which simply opens the " compose new mail " screen : compose mail shortcut . there is also send mail shortcut which , from the name , sounds to exactly fit your purpose -- but as it helds no description at all , it is hard to tell . last but not least : mail linker even seems to fit right from its description . unfortunately , as already mentioned , there is no such thing provided by the android core system by default .
i do not believe there is anything built in to do that , but an app like mail widget will allow that .
from this discussion i found that speed dial application can do the trick .
there is no hardware accelerated pdf reader for android at the time i am writing this ( correct/edit me if i am wrong ) . as kernal already sad , the performance depends on your phone . you could try to downsize the images in the pdfs for better performance on your android device .
it seems like the better choice is ezpdf reader . it is a paid app , but the screenshots look just great ! remember the performance depends on which phone do you have . . . :-/
starting with android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , google introduced hardware accelerated 2d rendering pipeline . for now it is a tablet-only feature , but hopefully we will get that in the unified ice cream sandwich platform . that should be a bit with that slowness issue with pdf readers since they are only able to do software rendering in gingerbread and older .
sync contacts to your gmail should be your best choice , it is very easy and does not cost you money . if you have not done that , you will need some third-party program to transfer your contacts to galaxy .
method 1 . the base way is to sync your contacts to your gmail account from your sony ericsson w810i if that is possible . then sync that account to your galaxy and your contacts will be copied ota easily . method 2 . sync all your contacts from your sony ericsson to outlook . then export those contacts from outlook to a csv file . once you have your contacts in csv file you can import that csv file to your gmail account and then sync that gmail account to your galaxy s 2 and you are done .
from this xda discussion : create a script in /etc/init . d to do it . you will need to remount / to read+write first though . and solution : thanks for your help ! i am quite firm in shell-operations , i just did not think i could just put a script to /etc/init . d ! : ) i'v created a shell-script named 07sdcard and with the content : code : #!/system/bin/sh rootrw ln -s /mnt/external1 /sdcard-ext rootro works geat ! : )
have you had specific problems with this ? many roms will work fine when updating from one version to another . for example , the instructions on cyanogenmod 's forums ( taking the evo as an example ) say : upgrading from earlier version of cyanogenmod 7 ? perform a nandroid backup of your current rom . flash cyanogenmod ( your google apps will be backed up and restored automatically ) . specifically they are referring to a case such as upgrading from say 7.0 to 7.1 . the nand backup is just in the event that you want to roll back or something goes wrong , but in reality you could even consider that optional ( though highly encouraged ) . again taking cm as an example , you usually only need to wipe your phone if you are going from one major version to another . a good example would be if you are going from an android 2.2-based rom to an android-2.3 based rom . this is because there are some significant changes under the hood to android , and is not really related to the specific rom itself in most cases . the exception to this is typically carrier ota updates since they specifically tailor them to play nice with the previous versions ( end users would not want to wipe their phone for every ota , obviously ) . edit : just to clarify , what i mean by the above is that cm will not wipe your /data partition ( or /cache , i believe ) on its own , as described here . it will also backup google apps and reinstall them to /system during the update . you can wipe /data manually from your recovery or rom manager , but you certainly do not have to . i have read , though , that using rom manager to flash an update will automatically wipe /data . there may be a setting for this or this may not be exactly true - i am not sure because i do not install my roms this way ( i boot into recovery and do it manually ) .
the phone should automatically remember all previous connected wi-fi networks . please verify these steps : when you disconnect from the network and it is not within reach will it remain in the networks list ? when you connect to the network and tap the network is there a button that says " forget network " or alike ?
that device is partitioned very oddly . it looks like they took 4gb and left it to device storage , and then the other 12gb are partitioned for an internal sd card . that is about the correct size that the android system would be using - but what is troubling is that they only left ~1gb or so for user-installable applications . i doubt there are any roms or recoveries available for your device , so i think the best solution would be to move as many applications as you can over to your sd card , therefore freeing up space to download more ( and then subsequently move them as well ) .
well , there is not many option available for you , can either root your device and install some other custom rom over your device which may be less bulky , or you can try removing more application to free up some more space out of your device . now rest i will leave it to you !
your best solution would be to " root " your device ( see here if you do not know what rooting is ) . basically " rooting " your phone will give you permission to do anything on your phone . you might find it strange but currently , you are not allowed to do many things with your phone even if you own it : ) anyways , getting back to the point . you can do the following things to make life easier for you:- remove some of the pre-installed applications which you do not use:- after rooting , you will be able to remove pre-installed applications . remove all of them which you do not use . you can use titanium backup for this purpose . integrate update of pre-installed apps:- some of these pre-installed applications ( including google applications such as gmail , play store , chrome , etc . ) receive an update at a later point of time . when they get updated , their old version does not get removed . they are still taking up space . after rooting you will be able to integrate the update so that older copies get actually replaced by new versions . you can use same titanium backup for this also . move as many apps as possible to sd card:- after rooting , you will be able to move any application to sd card . again , titanium backup to your help .
so yeah aes 128 , that is a big number right ? one problem , the key used to encrypt the drive is the same as the key you use to unlock your phone , which is tiny . it would take a grand total of 5 minutes to perform an offline brute force against this tiny keyspace . wispercore has a modified android version with more reasonable security measures .
the current encryption scheme is outlined on the android website 's " notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0" page . from that page , the specific algorithm used is noted as such : the actual encryption used for the filesystem for first release is 128 aes with cbc and essiv:sha256 that is the only official documentation i have seen for it at this point , but it is fairly lengthy and informative .
i would assume it is related to battery stats . if they got screwed up then the phone can think it is drained when it is full and tries to charge ( creating the heat ) . a series of full drains and charges should help , especially if the stats are cleared first . you should be able to do this from clockworkmod recovery if you have it .
i do not think it is your charger ( though you should try another just to discount this ) . i think it is a problem with the phone . my sgs2 is incredibly slow to charge , and sometimes even seems to lose a few % while charging if i actually use the phone . it also gets very hot ( i dropped a temp widget on it and the highest record temp so far is 120f ) . try turning radios off but leave the phone on and see if your charge time improves . i would do them one at a time to see which one is actually the problem child . i have not exactly isolated mine , but personally i think it is the hspa+ .
this happens to me as well and i am glad that i have found a thread related to it . yes , the phone stop charging sometimes and then it will make the battery very hot . if you still charge it and somehow reached 100% , your battery will drain really fast . let me share you guys what i did and actually made my battery last longer . when i noticed that the battery dropped from 100% to 95% in 3 minutes without doing anything , i waited until it reach 85% then turned the phone off . i charged it again up to a 100% ( it actually took a long time again to charge it to 100% ) and after that , my battery is performing a lot better . 12hours and it was just down to 75% with browsing , games and stuff , so this is the trick that i do whenever i encounter this issue . : )
try factory reset . my phone had this issue as well . after a factory reset it worked fine . but be sure you back up all the important data first .
just switching the default install location does not free up storage . if you follow up to the insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you will find the explanation : first thing you should check when encountering this problem is how much internal storage is left on your device ( space on sdcards , internal or external , is completely irrelevant to this problem ) . as a general thumb rule , you need at least 25 mb free so regardless where apps are to be installed : google play first needs to download them , and stores them in /data/local before installing them . this is in internal storage , hence it will check there for " sufficient space " . for things to do , again the insufficient-memory tag-wiki is a good starting point , and should be sufficient to solve your issue ( basically , you need to free up some space , e.g. by moving some apps to sd or deleting some you no longer need ) . if that still did not solve the issue , please indicate ( and update your question to note what you tried , what the outcome was , and where you are stuck ) .
i think what you are looking for is a full-blown 3g usb dongle , not just a sim card adapter . see , for example : can i receive/send sms of cell phone number with a tablet using dongle ? a sim card adapter would simply be a device that can read the contents of the sim card and possibly edit it . so it is pretty much like an sd card reader . to send and receive text messages and voice calls , you still need a transmitter , which is what a usb 3g dongle will provide ( if your tablet does not have built-in 3g support ) . however , i am not sure if you can use a 3g dongle to make voice calls , although sms is pretty much a standard feature for such devices .
i have a 10.1 in tablet with a sim card . tablets lack the hardware to make cellular calls - those with cellular sim cards can only use it to access the internet . you might use a service like skype but i am not that familiar with those types of services .
there is nothing malicious here . a developer uploaded an app to the play store that has the same package name as a system app from your phone . the new play store update tweaked the detection of system apps and it linked the apps . this will probably resolved soon . no need to bring the big guns . lookout and other " antivirus " tools do not show anything malicious because they could not tell angry birds apart from a nuclear bomb . they are completely useless against any sophisticated attack .
from android play store , you can use astri-bee ( full version ) : support for epub3 ebooks , e.g. the rtl epub books which is generally not available for reading in most of the epub readers but a basic feature of epub3 ebooks , also javascript within epub ebooks is enabled . also support pdf , txt , html formatted ebooks . support for audio and video content within the epub ebooks , again , this is just a basic feature of epub3 ebooks , but we also extend the support of multimedia to epub2 ebooks using the adobe flash plugin ( requiring that the adobe flash preinstalled on your device ) i have highlighted what concerns your question . ps : appears to be a " young app " . . . only one revision .
from the description in the market , take a look @ himawari - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.green_fld.himawari although the reviews are not altogether too favourable . also , ibis reader has recently introduced the epub3 format into its reader - http://epub3.ibisreader.com/
please check out gyan epub reader . it is a fully compliant epub3 reader with audio and video support . no adobe plugins are required . it renders maths equations , svg animations and has a read-aloud feature .
kobo seems to be your best bet , and gyan looks like it could work too . here 's a couple others , but they are low-rated or in beta , so use at your own risk . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vitalsource.bookshelf https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.easyaccess.epubreader source : http://www.mathjax.org/resources/epub-readers/
skyepub definitely supports epub3 ( audio/video media overlay functions ) see this link enter link description here
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
i found the solution : if you use two different servers for mail and tine20 , you need to use the mail address if you create the exchange connection on the android device . the automatic set up will fail , and in the advanced settings you can enter the name of the tine20 server . if you use the tine20 login on the first screen , the stock mail app will add a reply-to header to the tine20 server . and that is not valid , if you run two servers .
os monitor might prove helpful here . amongst others , it shows you all current connections including their stati , always along with the target ip ( which you can even get whois details on , see screenshots ) and the app holding it . this might at least help you to narrow down possible candidates . os monitor : open connection , connection target details ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) hint : to transfer data , the connection status must be ESTABLISHED .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
there are a number of apps that will either give you a wikipedia search widget on the home screen , or add wikipedia as an option to the built-in search widget 's drop-down selection . have a look at a few of these : https://market.android.com/search?q=wikipedia+search
it means some models have the nfc chip , and some do not . from what i understand , at the moment , only the model released in south korea has the nfc chip . my model ( from the uk ) does not have it . though i have been following sgs2 news , i have not read anything about the possibility of retrofitting a chip later - either you have it or you do not .
the original link is dead . i pulled this short guide from way back machine , copied here : with the first few official pre-alpha builds of cyanogenmod 7 being released , it’s worth noting that a new feature has been included that allows you to change the hostname on your device from the settings menu . if you have a supported device , you can get the nightly builds from the teamdouche mirror system . once you’ve flashed ( i take no responsibility if you break something – make sure to read up on issues/pitfalls/requirements before flashing ) , open the settings menu , then choose applications , then development , and select device hostname at the bottom . this setting persists between reboots and rom upgrades ( unless you wipe ) . warning : i accept no responsibility if you brick your phone while doing this . i ditched my iphone due to problems my local provider was having and got an htc dream instead . i promptly rooted it using the cyanogen mod , but noticed that by default , android reports the hostname as ‘localhost’ . i don’t really like this , so i set about finding an easy way to change it . first off , even rooted , the / partition is mounted read-only when you boot normally , so you need to boot to recovery mode ( home+power ) . in the recovery menu , choose to boot to console . from there , browse to /system/etc/init . d . important : make a backup of ’05userinit’ before continuing ! you can do this by simply running the following command – ‘cp 05userinit /05userinit’ ( without quotes ) . this will create a copy of it in the / directory . if you screw up your editing , you can just rm the messed up version and cp the backup back in . to add the command to set the host name , we’re simply going to echo in the following two lines : echo &gt;&gt; 05userinit echo hostname NEWHOSTNAME &gt;&gt; 05userinit  note that there are two spaces after the first ‘echo’ command . this creates a blank line at the end of the file . the second echo adds the hostname command . this way , whenever your phone boots , the hostname is set . also , be sure to use two greater-than signs ( &gt ; ) , as that appends – if you only use one , it overwrites the contents of the file . make sure the edits are correct by typing ‘tail 05userinit’ – as long as it isn’t blank , and there’s more than just the hostname line , you’re golden . reboot the phone by typing ‘reboot’ at the prompt and hitting ‘enter’ , and you’re done . once you’ve booted back up , open up your terminal emulator of choice and type ‘hostname’ ( by itself , no parameters ) – it should echo out whatever hostname you specified . update ( april 6th , 2010 ) : to change your hostname on cyanogen 5 . x , add the following line to the bottom of /system/etc/init . d/01sysctl — and make sure you make a backup of 01sysctl before editing it ! echo NEWHOSTNAME &gt; /proc/sys/kernel/hostname 
juicedefender allows you to turn your radio on and off and to set triggers for this . tasker will also do this . one thing to note , the "3g " radio is the same radio that you use to make voice calls , at least it is on cdma phones . by controlling the apn you can turn on and off your 3g data and reap gains in battery life without turning off the radio . i am not 100% on this but i believe for phones that are not yet on froyo ( 2.2 ) an app is required to control the apn like apndroid or quicksettings . i am not sure how well these work with the automated trigger apps mentioned above .
what you are talking about is called invideo programming . as a viewer , i do not think there is any way to remove this through the youtube app . the content creator has to disable this themselves . related topics : how to remove invideo programming from a single video ?
you can try to use sony 's own update service . it is very easy to use , and you can chose the android version you wish to install if i am remembering it right .
here is a forum post , the op has a similar problem to the one you have : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2151177 he said that he just flashed his device with the stock firmware and it fixed the problem , so it is worth a try . here is the flash tool : http://androxyde.github.com 4.1 . b . 0.587 firmware ftf file : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=33295129
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
" vanilla " android devices ( like the n1 ) usually mean that you wait less time to get updates for the phone ( as it'll come straight from google ) . this is because it takes additional time for manufacturers to add in their tweaks and uis on top of the newer version of android . the second fastest to vanilla stock would be a custom rom like cyanogenmod which takes the changes that google pushes out into the android source and incorporates them into the mod to get the latest version of android on as many phones as possible .
open google now . go to Settings &gt; voice . change the ' speech output ' option .
i had same problem , but after updating it works well . just update google search in the google play store .
for a simple and free app to schedule changes ring tone/mode based on time of day and day of the week i recommend soundmanager . another free app that does this is profile changer . i have looked at it but have not actually used it . for full featured automation including time based , location based , app based . . . i would go with bryan 's recommendation of tasker .
check out locale ( more expensive , but easier to use ) or tasker ( less expensive , more complicated to use/more configurable ) .
i might not right at this time but you may use another home screen called "Launcher Pro" free version . in the setting there is an option to hide the system bar(Notification bar) . you can try it out if you like the home screen . though i like it better than stock home screen . hope it will some how help you .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
for ics and later : settings lock screen screen security owner info , here is where a note is entered this part is a bit confusing as there is no save etc , so just enter something , and back out , you will not lose what you typed , keep backing out until back on home screen . next time screen lock kicks in or press power button to lock it , a note will appear . but having said that , if the phone is lost , whoever will pick it up will more than likely ignore it !
not true . get xposed and there are a bunch of different tweak modules
the answer is no , you cannot , because rom control is an app that is geared and orientated towards android 4 and in this instance aokp , hence internal api 's are different . back porting it into a non-ics/non-aokp rom may fail due to the dependencies on the aspect of aokp , such as settings , and ics internals are vastly different to non-ics code . if you are a programmer and like to torture yourself with the challenge of it , then maybe its possible to back-port certain aspects and build the rom yourself .
matthew is correct , these controls are specific to the rom . many cyanogenmod roms offer settings like these , but there will be no way to access them without being built into the rom you are using .
try to trigger it manually . root reqired : install betterbatterystats to view ' alarms ' , aka programmed low level device wakeups ( you can find a free . apk on xda here , search for ' attached ' http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1179809 ) . set your clock just before midnight and reset bbs ' logs . if you can trigger it , you should see which app has caused a wakeup in bbs ' log .
you can not just download any rom and remove the asserts from the manifest . that is a sure fire way to brick your device . you need to find a rom that is compatible with your device . the status 7 error is there because you are installing a package that does not match the hardware you are trying to install it on . it is a safety measure . the guide for deleting the asserts from the manifest is only meant to allow flashing the file in an older recovery that does not recognize the asserts in the manifest . when doing this you have to be absolutely sure that you are installing on the proper device . if you delete the asserts and install on an incompatible device , it may fail still or it could flash , rendering your device useless . find a proper rom for your device and install that . do not just pick one unless you want to brick your device .
what shell is running on the phone ? - you can find out with ps i seem to remember having this issue a while ago ( but have not run in to it recently on my current phone ) when logging in to plain sh , executing bash or ash immediately after connecting was a simple workaround
i am not a mac user per say , but here 's a solution reported working : type in terminal : adb shell telnetd &amp; adb forward tcp:9999 tcp:23 telnet localhost 9999  credits to the user alapapa @ xda-developers forum . see the entire thread here .
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
i had the same issue with the endless captcha . there is a solution though . go to https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha on a pc or a web-browser and unlock the captcha for your account . you will then be able to login again with username and password on your device . hope this helps
try unlock the captcha : https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha then , go back to your android phone e retype o password .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
typically yes , you can use a usb hub to connect multiple devices without any issues . whether or not these peripherals perform adequately may depend on the amount of power that they require , but that is common to un-powered usb hubs in any situation . google 's android support pages actually mention usb hubs . e.g. the nexus s support page on keyboards and other devices specifically states : to connect more than one usb device at a time , use a powered usb hub to reduce the drain on your phone’s battery .
when i go to my date and time settings , there is option that says : automatic - use network-provided values . so , basing on this wording ( also in other languages ) , i would say that automatic time is provided from your carrier . there are apps , that can sync your clock with gps satellites or ntp servers .
in the htc dream ( g1 ) the umts radio ( 3g ) is a separate board from the rest of the phone . while this is a desire z and i have not had the opportunity to take one apart , it is probably very similar . the 3g/4g daughterboard ( or if it is connected , antenna ) could have failed , cracked , disconnected or sustained damage in some other way . software will not fix it . you have damaged hardware .
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
enter su first . > su > ls /data make sure your device is rooted .
you could try using the android device manager if your phone is linked to your google account . it can track down your phone but you may not be able to erase the contents due to you need to allow that beforehand .
you are stuck with this . this is the way clockworkmod recovery works . i did a search and the devs on xda say if you dont like it unroot your phone . it is indeed a nuisance since powered off chargin charges faster . though , oh well !
put your phone into airplane mode before going to sleep .
you could separate your lecture audio from music using playlists from the native android music player or with doubletwist . another option might be cloudaround . you can use the player to sync music from various cloud storage providers but it also allows you to hide what you do not want to see or play from your app settings . you could hide all music files and use the player for dedicated lecture-listening .
deadbeef allows you to manage multiple playlists . the playlists are not those in a traditional sense ( where you load pls , cue , etc ) in that you select directories to populate the playlists . if you were to store you files on your phone in such a manner : /sdcard/music/lectures/ . . /sdcard/music/music/ . . you could then create two playlists , loading the respective directories . deadbeef will ask you to install a plugins pack on first launch . these plugins allows you to play mp3s , as well as flacs and cues . android market qr
after installing new rom did you setup the apn for your network ? if the custom rom does not have the settings for your network your mms wont ' work . for sms it needs correct message center number which in most cases is automatically provided by network .
did you uncheck " settings > location and security > use secure credentials " ? edit : or leave the password blank
have you tried disabling the " use secure credentials " option in Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security , under " credentials storage " section ?
besides disabling the " use secure credentials " , if it still asks for the password upon joining a wi-fi network , make it happy by going back to Settings =&gt; Security =&gt; Set password ( under " credential storage" ; applicable to htc desire device ) . it will not bug you anymore after that
you can try keystore unlocker if your phone is rooted and keystore notifier if it is not .
not sure which rom you are looking for - but have you checked out the available roms on xda developers ? also suggest you check out this guide at modaco for how to flash/unbrick your phone .
as far as i am aware , android basically just does not work this way . you can turn off the screen ( "sleep " mode ) and put it into airplane mode for some extra battery saving , but there is no " standby " equivalent like on a laptop . the processor should underclock itself when you do this , too ( how much probably depends on the device ) . and , as lie ryan points out in the comments , for phones this is largely due to the fact that a call could come at any time . i would guess honeycomb 's behavior is essentially a hold-over from that since it is easier than rewriting it . that being said , if you just want a book reader , you might consider something like a nook color . the iconia is really a full-fledged tablet pc ( though running android ) , but something designed specifically for e-reading will probably offer better battery life .
id like to do exactly what your are saying . have my phone synced to my tablet using wifi or bluetooth and use the tablet as my handsfree interface for phone there is this app but its still in its easrly development phase although those that have used it say its not too bad and has plenty of promise https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.funkyandroid.phonelink cheers mark
with android 's gingerbread builds , it was built using the java 1.4 components , ics and later are built using java 1.5+ . nokia uses symbian specific java midlets and jar 's written using java 1.2 or 1.3 me edition . and from the tutorial linky , there is no mention of specifically running nokia 's apps on it . rather , the impression i get , is java agnostic jad/jars/midlets not tied to any platform . in your case , nokia apps are specifically for nokia which i guess is why it failed .
j2me runner netmite has probably fixed their website and since then no corrupted files have come out . i just made a uc browser cloud version from them and it works on jelly bean , however there is problems ; the internet connection is not establishing at all , and the original apk app runner does not open at all . ( there are two apps in one apk . . the app explorer opens with uc web . but the original app does not open ) the error log is specific : permissions denied : Android. intent. broadcast. action. PROXY_CHANGE from pid****uid***** from what i see , android security systems changed to block this intent . i tried converting it to system app , but no use . i think you have to run as root . . not sure how though . update : sorry , it looks like it was my firewall blocking it , and i have fixed the issue . uc web is running fully on my htc a310e ( cyanogenmod ) and it is much better than jbed .
there is a working one called phoneme . it was written for android 2.1-2.2 , so do not expect it to be stable . here 's download link : http://davy.preuveneers.be/phoneme/?q=node/10 also , emulator does not appear to like paths with spaces and to run jar files directly , so you need to make a jad file . sorry for my bad english .
there is a setting " back up local folders " within the auto-backup settings which when checked will upload any images/videos on your device . if you uncheck this setting it should only backup the camera folder . screenshots from google+ v4.3.1.63038142 running on my nexus 5: click image for larger version
cloning a sim card is not what you think it is . apart from the simple contacts information , the only thing stored on it is a code which identifies your phone to your carrier . it is like a user id , which the carrier can use to look up which plan you are on and what phone number you should have . although cloning a sim card is possible , it is not something you want to do as a customer . it is a technique used by crackers to impersonate another user to the phone network , in order to illicitly receive their phone calls . it may be illegal where you live . think of the sim card like a credit card . it belongs to the carrier : they just lend it to you for the purpose of using their service . if your bank sends you a new card , or you change bank , you do not " clone " your old card onto your new one : you just use the new card . and , just like a bank card , if your carrier did not send you the new card as a replacement for the old one , then it refers to a completely different account . if you simply want to move your old phone number to your new phone , you need to contact your ( old ) carrier to do this .
you can add any public calendar in your android device with out any app . how to add country holiday calendar on android phone
on my nexus 7 ( jellybean 4.2 ) , i went to settings then clicked on my google account ( eg somebody@gmail.com ) . under that option it showed the optional calenders i have on my pc version which i could then select . hope this helps .
can you see the calendar if you go to your calendar app and open menu -> more -> settings -> calendars ? check that it is enabled there . you could also try to remove/readd the calendar from the pc and then sync your phone again .
i had a similar problem to yours on my galaxy s . i have about 5 calendars set on google , but the calendar app of the phone only shows 3 of them to be displayed . on the vanilla android calendar there is a way to add more , but samsung removed this option from the menu . fortunatley i have found a not-too-sophisticated workaround for this . from market i have installed a calendar app called jorte . in jorte , you can choose to use the google calendars , and it has a similar setup screen where you can pick which calendars to display . that screen is verify similar to the stock calendar 's setup screen , but has one extra option : add calendar , which helps you to add your other google calendars . after this , you can even uninstall jorte , the calendars you have added will appear in the stock calendar app as well .
cisco offers a rooted anyconnect vpn client , and it turns out they also have an ics anyconnect available in the play store as well . this should help !
have a play with surelock in the play store . it is pretty good at locking the home screen down .
you cannot grant su to any normal file manager . the application has to " request " su . that is where applications like root explorer come in . afaik , astro file manager does not even make use of su . if it does , some one tell me how because i like that file manager , and will use it for my " root " tasks .
i am not sure how you had do that with the built-in file manager , but there are several file managers that will work . i use root explorer , and i have heard many other recommend astro file manager ( which has a free version , i believe ) . they should work if you have the superuser app installed ( i would assume it comes with cm , but it is in the market if not ) .
it seems this bug is fixed in 2.3.3 ota . to upgrade manually check http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/02/24/google-releases-android-2-3-3-update-zip-for-nexus-one-and-nexus-s/
i would try installing a custom launcher , like adw launcher , launcher pro or go launcher , and see if the problem persists .
i have had this problem myself ; here 's a couple of reports : 1 2 if this seems to be your problem , please star the issue ( s ) in google code to vote for this being investigated .
i can not tell you for sure , but the android os supports x509 so i would assume the browser does as well .
when you go in to accounts and sync . it is going to show which account is currently syncing . then from there , you can go in to the account and you will see what type of sync is happening . it will show , for example , that " reader " is syncing . so google reader is the app that is syncing . or it will show " gmail " is syncing . those would be the apps that are syncing . i do not think just any app can trigger a sync for some other app . like reader should not be able to trigger a sync for picasa images . but really , even if they can trigger other apps to sync , it is still the original app that is performing the sync . only the twitter app is going to sync " twitter data and contacts " , and only the gmail app is going to sync your gmail .
there is hope . i coded a proof-of-concept app that does exactly this ( and using it as my everyday keyboard ) . starting from cupcake , the system has a InputMethodService that allows to override keypresses on the fly . this allows applications to change keycodes on the fly without requiring root . the source-code is available here ( for the most curious only )
with desktop os 's keyboard layouts are held in the software of the os , and i can not imagine android is much different . since the only devices that are designed for android and that have a physical keyboard ( that i can think of ) are phones i doubt there is even an option in the android stack to change the keyboard layout since you obviously can not just pull the keyboard off your droid and swap it with another one . there might be some way of intercepting the input from the keyboard before it hits your device and remapping the data , but it would require a specialized app ( if the option does in fact exist in the android stack ) or for you to plug something in between your keyboard and tablet .
if you are rooted , you may be able to modify the keyboard layout files defined here : http://source.android.com/porting/keymaps_keyboard_input.html warning : i have not tried this myself , so i do not know if it will work . modifying system files may brick your android .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
if you use google apps for business and your services were part of the big migration fiasco then you might have found yourself in the same situation i was in . after changing my google account password i somehow had a google apps account with my new password , and an old personal account with the same username , but old password . if you can log into gmail using your old password , but are then prompted to rename your personal account or migrate services then this has probably happened to you . i would already migrated stuff previously , but i had not renamed my old account . i thought it would have died by now . i logged into my old account using current user name and old password . when prompted to rename my old account i did so . the next time my phone tried to log in the username old password combo was no longer hooked up to an old account and it asked me to enter a new password .
i think that cwm is not able to detect sd-ext because it is not mounted as"/sd-ext " but instead as "/data/sd-ext " by link2sd . but i do not know in detail abot android working i cant fix it .
a possible solution is described e.g. in this modaco forum thread . in case of that user , the sd-ext partition got corrupted as it was mounted wrongly by the android system ( he used gparted to create his partitions which , regardless of the filesystem created ( ext2/3/4 , fat32 ) , then were mounted as ext4 ) . so what he basically did : he factory reset the phone , deleted the partitions on sdcard , recreated them on phone ( i.e. . not with the card mounted to any pc , but directly on the phone , using cwms options as far as i understood ) . i did not try that solution myself , as i am not affected by the problem .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
looked at it further . see if these instructions are clearer : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1981107
exchange server/ domain administrator needs to make a change to your active directory account by opening aduc , selecting view , advanced features , double clicking your account 's property , and going to security . from there select exchange servers and click on the advanced button . check the include inheritable permissions from this object 's parent and click ok a couple of times . after that , the phone should start syncing .
there are only two of them . simplecinema ( by developerrevolution ) : it works with both quicktime-variant chapters and nero-variant chapters . the former is more popular . it is a small player that just does one thing . lvoe media : if you are not sign language user , you probably will find its sign-language-optimized interface a bit weird , but i have tested that it can do quicktime variant chapters , nero-variant i did not test against this player . chapters in video files is a good feature , unfortunately most people do not know it exists .
solved : installed i9500xxufnb3 ( via odin )
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
use xperia notes app . this allows you to add texts , draw pictures and record audios as well . it also has a widget . but the app may not be compatible with your device .
messaging > menu ( bottom left button ) > settings > notification settings > uncheck vibrate
when your phone is in hotspot mode , it will only use your mobile data . you will need to remember to switch the hotspot off when you have wifi available . you might be able to script the shutting down of the hotspot with tasker or locale , but i am not sure if the " wifi near " function would work when in hotspot mode ( a good topic for its own question ) . your nexus 7 will tend to connect to the strongest signal available , and then stay connected to that network until it loses the connection . when you turn off the hotspot on your nexus 4 , the tablet should auto-connect to an available wifi network .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
it could be vad . it stands for voice activated dialing and is triggered by the service code *44* . i am not sure why it would do that all by its own without your interaction . an explanation could be that you are using a vad supporting bluetooth headset .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
before you can fix the issue you have to identify the cause . we have a few answers that deal with tracking down storage usage . but usually they target the external storage/sd-card . here we are dealing with the internal storage , which is usually protected from normal user access and hence it is good ( if not required ) to have root . but other then that , the tools mentioned in the question should give you a good idea of how your internal storage is used : izzy 's answer on " something is secretly eating up my acer iconia a500 internal memory and i need help finding it " what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ?
all the above answers will not help you install diskusage there you can monitor the true reason which is system data and to clean that you have to root your phone and then there are a lot of applications that can help one of them is ccleaner
summarizing the answers and comments on a more objective approach . please edit this and add any verified procedure that objectively may help with this annoyance . you could try the obvious things like removing unused apps , cleaning up system cache , etc . if your phone is rooted , link2sd helps a lot by creating symlinks from original app locations to the sd card . android will think the apps are on internal storage , but in fact they are just linked there , real location is the sd card . specific apps , the biggest ones , can be selected for the linking process . you may try removing updates from stock preloaded apps , for only then updating to the latest version directly . these apps seem to take more and more storage while getting updated over time . that was my case with facebook for example , one of the most problematic about storage usage . this workaround should not delete app settings , since app cannot and will not get uninstalled at all .
every time an app gets updated , an old copy of the app is retained somewhere . you can see that in settings &gt; apps &gt; select an app , and you can see uninstall updated option . so whenever i have an updated app , i simply delete the old app and install the new app . i recommend not to use this method which saves data internally . other apps like facebook , whatsapp can be done .
i had a similar issue , and the only thing i could do was format the device . i believe this happens when apps take up storage , and then ' forget ' they have taken it up , and restore the data . a factory reset will erase all the data , and if you are rooted you can backup your apps and not lose much data .
the first step for any of these force close issues is to clear the cache and/or data from the problem app . whether it is the play store or youtube that is the problem is unclear ; you may end up doing both . open Settings Apps scroll down to the app you want and tap to open app info . ( if it is a system app ( without updates ) you may need to swipe left to " all " in order to find it . ) tap the clear cache button . if that does not work , return and tap clear data see also : app x isn&#39 ; t working correctly . how can i fix it ?
enter *#*#4636#*#* in your dialer and select "3g only " mode on the menu that opens .
there is an app for 3g only mode : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobnetic.only3g however your phone should automatically try and go for 3g if there is a 3g connection available , it will never choose 2g over 3g so i do not see why this would be useful . . . there is still a 2g only mode to save battery in settings -> mobile networks
market version 3.3.11 now has a setting called " auto-update apps " . enabling it will effectively set each individual app associated with the account to auto-update , and disabling it will of course do the opposite . this setting is found by simply going into the market 's settings ( Menu Button-&gt;Settings on phones , or use the top-right action bar on honeycomb ) . you can read about the release here . it also has links that could help you sideload the update if it is not automatically available to you .
you could use a program like droidwall to block market 's internet access , this should keep it from installing/uninstalling programs .
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
when in android market select my apps . u will see all the applications installed . select tha one u want to disable automatic updates . u will see a small checkbox at the bottom . uncheck it .
titanium backup ( root only ) has " market tools " . one of these tools is " market auto updates " which presents a list of all your apps with their checkboxes for auto-updates . you can sort the enabled apps to the top , and you can " deselect all " to disable automatic updating for all apps .
if you have titanium backup installed you could try and freeze the program software update .
here 's the trick : use an app manager to force stop the play store , then clear all the data . go to the play store 's settings , then deselect " auto update apps by default "
that calendar app is the default included in aosp . carrier and manufacturer customizations frequently replace the aosp variants in favor of modified versions . this is what is happened with the galaxy sii updates . instead of vanilla android you received touchwiz . if you had like it on your phone , you can install it from the play store or flash a custom rom like cyanogemod or aokp .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
the newest versions of fullhdmi work without root , but my understanding is that the performance is degraded on unrooted devices ( have not compared myself , so i do not know if that is accurate or how bad it is ) .
try to change the channel of your wireless router . maybe it was caused by the congestion of the working channel ( maybe channel 1 ) .
this answer is certainly not eligible for the bounty , but i am afraid the answer is : it is not possible . even though i can not share resources that do tell us that it is not possible , i can share resources you had expect to have the answer , but do not : this google-fu leads mostly to development threads again , with "-developer " added things do not improve much the help center on facebook is utterly useless as well , even with more specific queries the settings for version 1.8.4 of the facebook app do not contain any remotely close option ( there are not too many settings , anyway ) . perhaps someone else can refute this answer ?
alas , it is not possible officially . as the message told you , there are dependancies on the running kernel . this belongs to the core of your phone 's operating system and is only meant to be upgraded by official updates from sony ericsson . your current firmware is however already the latest version sony ericsson provides for the x8 as it has reached end-of-life update-wise . hence , you cannot do anything about it except installing a non-official community mod . for the sake of completeness : such a mod exists , see this for an example . however , it is not an easy path to get it working initially . i would suggest you refrain from installing it if you have concerns to void your warranty and do not want to end up with a broken device .
download barnacle wifi tether this app will load it is own drivers and actually use your phone as a modem . i have used it once before with my x8 android 2.1 also .
i decided to look up some data , and my guess seems to be correct : http://nesl.ee.ucla.edu/fw/documents/reports/2007/poweranalysis.pdf according to the report , bluetooth takes the least amount of energy . however your 3g radio will probably take the most energy ; maintaining a 3g connection without transferring any data is cheap , but once you start sending/receiving data , then it trumps even wi-fi . wifi radios have a high wakeup and connection maintenance energy , but low energy per bit transmission cost and high bandwidth . cellular radios have low connection maintenance energy , but high energy per bit transmission cost and low bandwidth . disclaimer : the study might only apply for the particular model that the device they use .
this is not possible without a third-party application . a quick search on google play shows several apps which should allow you to do what you want .
you can use apps like exif tag editor ( photo ) and pixelgarde to view/edit exif data of your images . both apps has the ability to batch-process the images . if you are looking for a way to automatically add information ( particularly the camera model as in your question ) , you cannot do anything rather than waiting for an update from your device manufacturer . this is because embedding that information is configured the the rom itself .
try haxsync . it is the best . it is working on android 4.2 .
this has some reasons , let 's try to sum them up : android has an open app market model ( there is the more or less curated play store but you can install apps from other locations ( 3rd party markets or self built/downloaded ) ) android may also not need antivirus apps ( most problems come from pirated rogue apps with added value piggybacked ) ios has a strictly curated app store and you are not allowed to bypass it ( unless you do not jailbreak your device but apple so far ignores the existence of jailbroken devices ) apple does not allow antivirus apps into their app store ( they do not grant the necessary privileges to 3rd party apps and ignore the existence of jailbroken devices ) antivirus vendors want to create a market for mobile antivirus solutions apple denies existence/possibility of malware for their platforms as long as it is possible ( for pr reasons ) to sum it up : android is more open than ios and lets antivirus vendors jump in while apple denies them access to their app store .
the entire philosophy of the two competing " app markets " are different . the android market , known as google play , allows any submitted application . apps are not really checked or pre-screened , they are simply submitted , and anyone can download them . any kind of app can be submitted to the play store , even one that hooks into the core operating system . this is a double-edged sword , as a developer can write a malicious app , one that steals your data , disables your phone , and other nasty things . usually , only when enough people complain will google take notice and remove an app . while google does take some measures to protect its users , the protections applied are automated , and apps sometimes do slip through . ( see bouncer . stats show that it has been somewhat successful ) . apps submitted to the ios app store have to go through a strict vetting process . apple hires testing teams . they will manually inspect your app , to make sure it does what it says , without bugs , does not use private or secret functions on the ios device , and so on . apps are run in a sand box and cannot make any major changes to the way the device works . since all apps are pre-screened before they are posted on the app store , there is almost no chance of an application being malicious ( virus , data stealing , etc ) . as for whether or not you actually need an anti-virus app , well , this question may help answer that . personally , i do not think viruses are a massive threat yet , and , although they may be later , i do not think it is worth the potential performance hit . besides , bouncer can help with most malware . i would be more worried about data-stealing apps , especially if the app holding sensitive data is not sufficiently protected . last year , skype was not encrypting its contacts database , and malicious apps were able to simply read the data . this has , since , been patched .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
if the app ' samsung account ' has been disabled , re-enable it by using the following : settings > application manager > use the right-most panel by panning right to the heading ' all ' . scroll up all the way to the ' disabled ' part of the list , which is at the bottom , click ' samsung account ' > enable . update : expanded instructions for clarity : the application manager is initially in the ' downloaded ' panel , and the column header is underlined . to the right is the ' running ' panel , and to the far right is the ' all ' panel . disbled apps are at the bottom of the ' all ' panel . select the app you want to re-enable .
you can try taking it to third-party repair shop . it might work better than samsung as they do not care if you voided your warranty or not .
most phones can not upgrade ( officially ) without a signed firmware package designed to upgrade from the existing version of android that is already on the phone . in those cases , you can not upgrade without rooting and/or unlocking your bootloader and/or flashing a custom recovery , which all void your warranty . some phones may not be as limited ; for example , the original software on the original galaxy s devices allowed unsigned updates to be flashed without needing to unlock the device . theoretically you could try to flash a firmware package from a different region ; it is hard to say how that would affect your warranty ( and besides , that is really off-topic here :p ) . you could also of course flash a custom rom with a newer version of android , which again will void your warranty just like rooting .
i use mixzing music player . i have set it as default player for music and when i click a mp3 file link in browser , it opens the file in mixzing by default and streaming works well . it plays the mp3 file in background when you press the back button . this is an alternate solution . i do not thing it is possible to play the mp3 links in background in android 's default music player .
i have run into the same issue . i usually long-press on the link and choose Save Link to save the mp3 file to my phone , then i just play it in my media app of choice .
install clipper and start copying your urls in clipboard . it creates lifo stack from clipboard and is exclusively local . to revisit urls , bring this lightweight app from status bar . . tap url to copy and paste in address bar . done ! free version of clipper limits user to 20 items in stack . if you do not want to purchase its pro version , you can use andclip . but , you may face problems in keeping lifo structure after copying an url from stack .
i just stumbled upon pocket -formerly read it later . might be worth a try .
another way to more literally do what you are asking is to get a browser that supports tabs ( for example , google chrome for android , dolphin browser , or even the built in one ) and open a new tab for each interesting link . then you will literaly have the stack you are looking for . the cool thing about google chrome is that this stack will be persistant across reboots and accessible across devices . anyways , hope this helps .
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
typically , the phone knows whether it has been docked by the placement of a magnet on a certain area on the back of the phone . you can therefore create your own cheap dock using a magnet and some sort of stand . here is an example with the droid .
nexus ones do not ship with ' s-off ' , they ship with a " locked " bootloader which then must be unlocked . you can actually use fastboot to unlock the bootloader , just run fastboot oem unlock on your pc using adb ( android device bridge ) . modaco has a post here with complete instructions and a multi-platform download of the needed tools .
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
the applypatch command is indeed used for ota patching . as an example , i have the update . zip provided for my vzw sch-i915 tablet . . . in my case , i do not want to allow this ota update to occur , so i wish to patch /system/build . prop to fool the device into thinking it has already been done . within the update . zip file , there is an ' updater-script ' file which details the patches . the one i sought was : apply_patch ( "/system/build . prop " , "-" , db0889f98b62e625283e5273bf35d790532b10bd , 5934 , 7a52fd5ec0d5afcbaf159c330374dfb0c5cbc159 , package_extract_file ( "patch/system/build . prop . p" ) ) ; i extracted the appropriate patch file to my sdcard . then , the syntax to perform this action on a secondary copy of build . prop i had made ( so i could check the output before copying into /system ) is altered thus : /system/bin/applypatch "/mnt/sdcard/build . prop " "-" " db0889f98b62e625283e5273bf35d790532b10bd " "5934" 7a52fd5ec0d5afcbaf159c330374dfb0c5cbc159:/mnt/sdcard/build . prop . p . . . which created the same build . prop file i would have ended up with had i allowed the ota to proceed . i hope this helps .
diff and patch are unix/linux commands used to easily check for differences , send updates to huge files by shipping only the differences , etc . ( see wikipedia ) . they are mostly used in development ( to update source code ) , but can also serve practical purposes in non-development environments . applypatch is one of those patch-tools on android , and used e.g. for minor updates ( ota and the like ) . so it is most likely not intended for the " normal end user " to deal with it directly .
usually it would alert you with a dialog . you may want to reflash your phone .
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
most of popular music players have settings to override default behavior of hands free buttons . check your sony walkman have that settings ?
you could check the playstore for headset control apps . having a philips headset , philips headset works perfectly for me -- and lets me define which player app to launch as soon as the headset is connected , plus gives me a bunch of control options for the headset 's single button ( e . c . click for play/pause or take call , long-press to increase volume , click twice to skip a title or reject a call , and more ) . there are many more similar apps available . quite famous examples include e.g. jays headset control ( which did not work that well with my philips headset -- but that may be caused by the headset itself ) , and headset button controller . simply search the playstore for " headset control " for more options .
might be some interoperability issue with particular hotspot . if it is a dhcp time out you can try assigning a manual ip address to the particular network . or if it is rooted device you can try below command inside adb shell . dhcpcd wlan0 
you can use the autostarts app ( requires root ) to modify which apps can listen in to particular events . in your case , you had remove the media player apps from listening to the event ( s ) triggered by plugging in the audio cable .
i had some problems with music apps autostarting on my droid . see my answer here on how i handled it .
is strange , i also go the same problem . but then , i used titanium backup to move the default launcher from a system app to user app . only after that , i am able to set other launcher as default .
i am having the same issue likewise on nexus 4 and on nexus 7 ( 2012 ) , with android 4.3 and persistent after updating to android 4.4 . as i do not have rooted devices , the only ' solution ' i have seen was deinstalling the nova launcher . nova launcher was the only alternative launcher i have had installed and with only the default launcher left , the dialog is gone . a pity , though , as nova enhances the user experience considerably .
it is still unclear what is causing this to happen and i have found only one other mention of the problem so far . in the end i simply disabled the stock launcher by freezing it using titanium backup and also disabled all other custom launchers . soon as only one launcher is available , the dialog goes away . more of a workaround then a solution , so if anyone has an idea how to continue debugging , then i am open to any suggestion .
i found this thread on xda-developers . if you have jail broken iphone and rooted android phone , you can transfer your progress . basically you have to copy two files , highscores . lua and settings . lua from /private/var/mobile/applications/ ( very long string ) /documents from iphone and replace them on android phone in /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files/ . you also have to fix permission and make sure you have completed at least 1 level in android phone before replacing the two files . if you trust yourself you can also use programs like angry birds unlock all level in android and unlock only up to the level you have completed in iphone . but you will not have exact score and hidden star collections . so though little troublesome the earlier way might be what you want .
no . there is no guarantee that the information is stored in the same format between multiple platforms . but also there is not a way to browse the data files on ios or access the file system . unless you are rooted , i do not think you have access to where the data files are stored on android either . either way , you are sort of stuck . the game data is stored locally on the devices , not on a remote server . they should store it on a server , especially now that the game is available to play on both google+ and facebook as well as the mobile devices .
you can also use anysoftkeyboard , which supports the ₹ symbol now . just long-tap the $ key .
google recently released Google Hindi ime ( input method editor , a techy name for keyboard ) which i now saw with my friend 's nexus 4 . it has the requested rupee symbol :
if you are ready to shell out a few bucks then you can buy swiftkey . it shows the rupee symbol over the key ' x ' . just make sure you set the language of your phone to " english ( india ) " otherwise you will not get the rupee symbol ( link ) . there is also a trial version of swiftkey available for one month .
dd is a block-based copy tool -- it does not care what data it covers . adb backup is rather file-based , which is something completely different . as you have tagged your question backup , you might follow that tag to its tag-wiki , which gives you some insight into available backup methods . you will quickly see the one coming closest to dd being nandroid , which copies entire partitions . though you cannot restrict it in the way you can with dd , you could still take its resulting files , copy them to your linux computer , and use dd to work on them . one tool not mentioned in this tag-wiki is dd itself . you could check with a terminal editor whether it is present on your device -- chances are good : i just checked with one of my extracted nandroid backups , and found dd as a symlink in /system/bin , being a symlink to /system/toolbox . if you cannot find it , but your device is rooted ( which i assume , as otherwise dd would not make much sense ) , you could look for a busybox which brings it along .
just as izzy suggested , i would recommend going to the play store . here is what i found : dns server thats really the only one available through the google play store . i have not downloaded it for myself so i am not vouching for it , but it might be worth a try .
you might need to remove the lock screen widget app from Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security -&gt; Select device administrators screen before trying to uninstall it .
after some discussions on the ( new , and not yet archived ) terminal-ide community email list , i learned that the configuration should be working correctly ! a bit frustrated , i kept trying and then noticed something that i suppose should not have surprise me : i set one computer screen to ' pinging ' the android device , with zero reply for a long time , and forgot about it . then , i later noticed the pings were getting through and there were zillions of them scrolling past . from this , and a bit more investigation , i found that the stability of a wifi connection on my android device is not very stable , especially as compared with my laptop . in short , " be patient , ping the heck out of it while moving the device to find a good signal path , and it should eventually work . "
if you go into /system/media/audio/ui , you can delete/rename LowBattery.ogg to remove the low battery sound . this will work as long as it is using the system low battery sound as an alert . i do not know anything about audio manager , or whether this is even possible , but it may be using its own sound , in which case this would not work . this requires : a rooted device a superuser enabled file browser/terminal emulator /system to be mounted in read/write mode
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
you can install apps on the htc aria using the adb client . you will need to install the android sdk on your pc , and then use adb to install the . apk files . to install the android sdk , follow the steps in the android developer 's guide to setting up your phone for development . if you are on windows , you will need to go to htc to get the device drivers , as google only provides drivers for their devices . for some reason htc does not publicise the adb driver well , but it is included in the htc sync software . you can grab the latest version from htc 's aria downloads page . mac and linux users do not need to install device drivers to use adb . finally , connect your device to your pc , making sure that debugging mode is enabled on the device . you should see an entry in the system tray stating that the device is in debug mode . on your pc , run the following command : adb install yourapp.apk  this will install the app on your phone , and you will be good to go ! note that you will either need to have the android-sdk/platform-tools directory in your path , or run the command from that directory .
you could try the instructions in this xda post . be aware that doing this will disable your ability to send/receive mms messages , and will require a hard reset to fix : go to your " settings " go to " applications " go to " manage applications " go to the " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your apps ) find the applications " customization settings provider " click on " clear data " go back to " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your applications ) find the program " settings " click on " clear data " finished if you go back to " applications " you will now have the option to enable " unknown sources "
i know this is a really old ( and probably no longer relevant ) post , but as i have an htc aria and i shared the same issue , i thought it was worth posting another option . i would suggest checking out a program called superoneclick . with it , i was able to permanently enable my aria to install non-market apps . it will also allow for the installation of the amazon market . all of this without having to root your phone or do anything to void the warranty ( at least to my knowledge ) . it was very easy to use .
check to see if there is a . nomedia file in the folder . it could be what is causing the files to not display . a work around would be to install quickpic for the play store , it allows you to show hidden files on the device .
the first solution that springs to me is to install tasker ( it is paid app , and quite cheap , but it is worth every cent ) . setup task that copies the last picture that was created into your sms folder back to your dcim ( camera folder ) folder . there are probably other solutions as well . if you cannot get the hang of tasker , i will be more specific when i have more time .
with later updates to the system , it seems that the issue has resolved itself .
in this case , tethering means connecting the phone to the computer and using an application on the pc to update the firmware of the device . an example of this is updating with samsung kies or odin .
it is not documented somewhere . but only updates that do not change the permissions are done automatically . if there is a change , the update will have to be done manually . but of course there is no gurantee that this will always work this way , because of bugs or design changes . if you are paranoid , turn the feature off . ( but then , how could you trust android that the permissions that are shown to you are enforced ? )
the simple answer is no . you had have to re-skin that part of the rom and also dig into the code and remove whatever 's doing that , most likely . if it bothers you enough you should just switch roms .
there is currently an application on the google play store called drivedroid that should be able to handle that task . please note that it needs a rooted phone . after you install the app , it is a pretty straightforward process . if you need a helpful guide , this how-to by lifehacker should help .
how to be sure yo have no additional tracking software installed ? you may use 2 methods : method no 1 . step 1 check logged google accounts settings> accounts : be sure to use only your account for all google products/services ( play store , maps , android phone manager - this one can track device ) . to be 100% sure only you are admin of your phone , set up yourself new google account . step 2 in settings> security> device administrators - check programs set as admins > remove all if there are any . ( if find one pin protected use method no 2 with hard / factory reset . ) step 3 remove all additional aps that may be used for tracking settings> apps> downloaded - select and remove all , one by one ( some might be pin protected then go to method no 2 . ) . step 4 in settings> location services disable option acces my location and turn off gps . step 5 disable mobile data transfer step 6 setup and enable pin and password ( settings> security ) , enable screen protection with pin number method no . 2 manually backup your data ( music , pictures ) copy it with file explorer/manager onto sd card . sms can be backed up with sms backup + app , sync contacts with google account ( for security reasons set yourself new fresh one and use it to backup restore your data . ) and now : go to SETTINGS&gt;BACKUP AND RESET choose FACTORY DATA RESET important uncheck AUTOMATIC RESTORE box after hard reset chose your own new google account for google services ( setup yourself new one ) . next setup and enable pin and password ( SETTINGS&gt;SECURITY ) , enable screen protection with pin . additional info . apps that can track your phone : 1 . google device manager 2 . kaspersky mobile security ( this one tricky and hard to erase i use this one with my phone ) 3 . avast mobile security / avast anti theft ( this one sends notice mail or sms when phone leaves designated area , also may be hard to remove , you will need hard reset to get rid of those two ) . anti theft hides itself as update agent in apps . 4 . track my phone 5 . phone locator and many many more - check ' em in google play ( you may find one installed on your phone - remove it ) method no 3 ( 100% works ) buy another cheap smartphone and second simcard . install on this new phone , lets call it decoy , software they have installed on your old phone for tracking you ( you will find it in settings> apps on your galaxy ) , logg em in , put into that second phone you old sim card , redirect all phone calls to you new number which you will use with your factory erased / clean galaxy with new accounts logged in . leave second ( decoy ) phone in a place you are supposed to be . voila ! if you can not find app which they are using to track you down or do not have passwords to log ' em on second phone reverse procces : buy yourself another phone ( almost any teenager can afford to buy simple smartphone ) with new number ( can be pre-paid ) and redirect all calls onto new one from your old sim card and use old phone as decoy . voila again .
dan already pointed out that this is more a social problem . talk with your parents , express how you feel about this . the feeling of being constantly monitored is sure not very pleasant . that said , the only way to make it hard for someone to monitor the location with the help of your android phone is by ensuring that you have a clean initial setup and a locked down system in terms of screen lock and debugging disabled . this comes down to that if your phone was never compromised before and you prevent all unauthorized access to the phone , it is hard to install surveillance software . it has nothing to do with root access or a custom rom . in fact , root may be counterproductive , since you want a tamper proof system . if they use other means of tracking ( e . g . gsm based ones ) , which is unlikely for individuals , then there is nothing to prevent that .
as many other people suggested , it will be good if you solve this by talking to your parents , but technically , i think in all android devices , following option will be there : Settings&gt;Developer Options&gt;Allow mock location  as far as i know ( by searching google ) , it may help you . actually i did not tried it . .
this is an excellent question , covering both technological and social usage of android , so much so , that this answer is totally off the wall from me considering it is not an answer one would expect from me usually on this forum ! : ) so , apologies in advance for readers of this answer in thinking there is going to be a technical outline , or detailed answer , because it is not ! : ) however your statement - i find a bit disturbing coming from a 17 year old is there a way i can route the tracker to a specific location when i want so that i could just tell them i am at that location even when im not that is not right ? mis-trust perhaps on both sides in whatever happened on prior occasion , cause and effect for to trigger that above statement . im 17 and i am getting sick of getting a phone call everytime i leave a friends house . that above is a bit vague as you are not actually implying its your parents that are ringing you ? perhaps , your parents do love you that much , and are worried that something may happen , but that is not to say , they are controlling you and your life . they are looking out for you . my guess , is you are an only child ? as @flow and @dan pointed out - you need to get a handle on this and talk upfront and honest to your parents about this . shoot me down , i will take the hit of down-votes on this answer anyway
if you believe that your parents are tracking you with your android . do this 1:backup your favorite apps . 2:factory reset the phone . 3:encrypt your phone . ( this way nobody else can access your phone ) 4:for extra protection you may add pin so that you can lock down parents from accesing your settings . 5:if you are going a step further you can lock down your phone in kiosk mode with the help of any custom launchers or anything like that . but i think you should probably talk with your parents .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
at least on the samsung galaxy s2 , this can be done as follows : go to settings → language → keyboard → samsung keypad , click the setting button next to the samsung keypad → advanced , make sure " key tap " and " vibrate " are both off .
this is for the the acer android tablet : go to the keyboard and press and hold the key with the microphone icon and the input options menu should pop up , you then have access to android keyboard settings . . . uncheck the typing sound box and there you go . . . simples .
this is for the samsung galaxy mega , go to settings then my device then language and input then look for " keyboards and input methods " . just above " swipe tap " is " samsung keyboard and to the right of it is the setting icon press . press icon then uncheck " keyboard sound "
go to settings > language and keyboard > android keyboard and make sure " sound on keypress " is unchecked .
from your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and Keyboard . from here select the keyboard you are using . in the next page of settings , you should see something like Audio feedback for swype , or Sound on keypress for flext9 . you can modify Vibrate on keypress there too if you wish .
its system volume set to 0 no more typing sound
go to : settings -> sound and display -> system volume and set that down to 0 . . . . . that is it you wont hear another sound while typing
it is quite simple to turn this off . . . i am using osx 10.7.4 and i did this : i went to " system preferences " , than in the line " system " i went to " users and groups " . in the top , there is " password " and something like " login items " . i went to this " login items " and just clicked one time in " kiesviawifiagent " and than in the " - " button under it . now , i can reboot the macbook pro and it will not startup by itself . sorry about my english , but i am form brasil and my osx is all in portuguese . so , i am translating it by myself . hope to be helpfull . . .
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app – which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
this is battery stamina mode . with sony’s power management setting called battery stamina mode , you can extend the standby time of your xperia™ device by more than four times . with battery stamina mode turned on , the background activities of most applications are reduced when you turn off the screen .
websharing : http://www.appbrain.com/app/websharing-file-media-sync/nextapp.websharing.r1
there are a few apps that will give you similar functionality to what you are looking for . i would take a look at this article , it may be able to point you in the right direction . swiftp would probably be your best bet , although i do not know if you could stream music , which it sounds like is what you are trying to accomplish . might just have to copy to his computer via ftp , then open from there . estrong has a samba ( windows file sharing ) client , but i do not believe you can serve files , so that will more than likely not do what you are looking for . and the other one listed there , on air , i am the least familiar with . have not used a mac since the screens came in several shades of green , and never had any experience with using the webdav protocol in windows , but based on the description it looks promising .
i use quickpic and it has a rating of 4.7 .
the only app i have got that is able to run . gif files is fast image viewer free .
why do not you try animated gif player ?
navigating to the folder the gif file ( s ) are in with another browser besides the stock android browser works for me . e.g. : if your gifs are in the downloads folder , open firefox , go to address bar , type in : /storage/emulated/0/Download ( it may auto-complete for you ) . you should get a basic Index of: ... page from which you can click on the name of the gif . tested with firefox 21.0 and chrome 27.0.1453.90 on a nexus 4 . both browsers accepted /storage/emulated/0/Downloads , but chrome gave an access denied error on the shorter path /storage/emulated/0 . i recommend making a bookmark of the page , for easier access in future .
you can view them in firefox by typing in the gif folders destination . file:///mnt/sdcard/(name of gif folder)/ it'll bring up the items in that folder as a list . bookmark the page and store all your gifs in that folder . firefox is the fastest gif player ( that i know of ) .
the android browser will , but the image would have to be online somewhere . there is no way that i have found to open a local file in the browser . i suppose you could create an html file with the image and view it that way , but it seems a lot of hassle for little reward .
a google search shows me a lot of people have this question . . . looks like it is still an issue . although one post here says image viewer ( with animation ) v1.0 from androlib . com helped ( i have not tried it ) .
navigate to the location where the gif files are in astro and open using astro file manager . tried on jelly beans .
the problem could be your proximity sensor , which is located on top of the front of your phone . basically the way it works is if you are on a call and you put your phone to your ear , the screen will go out to avoid your ear messing with the touch screen . if you are under warranty , have it checked on your nearest service center . i had this problem once , told my service center that i think the proximity sensor is the problem , then they fixed it in under 30 minutes . check out this question and install the apps from the top answer and see for yourself : how do i test that proximity sensor on galaxy nexus works as expected
i do not know whether it will work for your device , but the xdas have a tool supposed to work with several lg devices at least . you can find it in here , and it looks like this : you might want to browse through the linked thread at xdas . as far as i remember , there were some people trying it on other devices , and had success . no guarantees , however : )
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
on recent versions of android ( since 4.3 , at least ) you have to set a password as your device unlock method . if you have a pin or pattern unlock configured , it seems that there is no way to access vpns . dumb , but it is what it is . just go to settings > security > screen lock , and choose password .
go to Settings -&gt; Location and security -&gt; Credential storage -&gt; Set password to change it .
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
there is a workaround here that might work for you : vibrate still not working for sms/mms notification
do check the battery settings or profile settings as you might have selected the profile while is restricting the vibration notifications . if still dosen't work it maybe due to some hardware fault ( assuming you have already checked the above settings ) but i would recommend flashing the rom to customer cm7 roms and then check if you still have the same issue . p.s. you could try using the hardware reset method also .
i installed contact sync and exported all my contact data and groups to a single . vcf file , afterwards i mailed it to my mail account and then downloaded it on my new phone and there imported it with the same app which i used for the export . this did the trick for me .
just a few steps : open the contacts app on the wildfire tap the menu button , select to " export " your contacts to sdcard . this will result in a 00001.vcf file on your sdcard . now use any way you like to get the exported file to the optimus : mail/gmail it to your account send it via bluetooth copy to your computer , and then to the new device 's internal sdcard . . . on the optimus , open the contacts app as above , use the export/import feature to import the .vcf file if in step 3 you chose to mail/gmail the .vcf file , you most likely will be able to open it directly from the attachment , which should cause it to be offered for import into your contacts app ( i never tried that variant , so i am not sure about it ) .
the simplest way would be exporting all contacts to google account and then sync it in a new device .
here is my comment as an answer xd there are custom roms like cyanogenmod that allows you to unlock using your trackball , dont know if there on market is and app for that . . . --some minutes ago . . . -- hey there is one at https://market.android.com/details?id=org.liberty.android.anyunlockfeature=search_result called anyunlock , there are other apps like this . . . . --as you discovered xd -- pd : rate with 100 for the effort :p
i actually got this working again ! ! after opening up the case and googling some of the different numbers printed on chips and the circuit board , i found out that this particular type of tablet can have its firmware flashed by putting the right files on the root of a micro sd card . when it boots up it will automatically check for said files and perform an update all by itself . when it finishes it asks you to remove the sd card and then automatically reboots itself . it took me a few tries to get a good firmware with the majority of features working . some were unstable , some would not boot , some would boot but had no touch screen or soft button support , no camera , gyro , wifi etc . i finally found one that seems stable and has most features working , minus the camera . i have a few more left to try and see if i can get the camera working , but other than that it works great !
yeah , that happens to me with my galaxy ace . i had to download samsung kies . i just run kies and then works great as usb storage ( you do not need to use kies , only run it ) .
galaxy s duos was released with the ics onboard and there is no gingerbread available for this model . you should not use a firmware designed for other devices from the galaxy family - this is an easy way to brick you phone . " getting prepared " instruction is irrelevant .
getting prepared the firmware downgrade drill for the samsung galaxy devices is not much complicated as compared to the phones manufactured by other brands . it requires you to boot the device first into download/odin mode , and then into android recovery mode . i hope many of you would be acquainted with both the methods . even if you are not , it doesn’t matter . download the downgrade firmware for your samsung galaxy device and extract it on your computer . a good source to download samsung firmwares is samsung-updates . type your device name in the search box at the sidebar , you would find it hopefully . if you do not get it , let me know ( your device and country ) . to find out the correct firmware you can use csc codes . download and install samsung usb drivers on your computer . skip this step if you already have it . download odin firmware flasher and unzip it ( if you get any error with odin3 1.85 , try the greater version ) : odin3_v1.85 . zip or odin3_v3.04 . zip since the downgrading procedure will delete all data stored on the internal sd card of your galaxy device it will be better to backup your messages , contacts and installed apps . charge your device’s battery to the full make sure that you have turned on usb debugging from Settings =&gt; Developer Options . installing the downgrade firmware installing a firmware version that is lower than the current one is just the same as installing a higher one , but you have to one more thing that you do not usually do . i assume that you have already done as described above , so let’s go ahead . turn off your samsung galaxy device whether it a phone or tablet and boot into download/odin mode . if it is a phone , you can enter the download mode doing this : press and hold the Volume Down+Home buttons together and then long press the Power button till the screen turns up . now press the Volume Up key to enter the download mode . in case you have a galaxy tab device , do this : press and hold the Volume Up+Power buttons together , and then press the Volume Up key when prompted . now go to the odin folder and run the . exe file there . this is the time , you have to connect you device to the computer using a compatible usb cable . when the connection between the device and computer is established , the id:com port at odin will turn to yellow or light blue ( depending on the odin version you are using ) and you’ll see added ! ! text in the message box below . make sure that only f . reset time option is checked on odin . the auto reboot option is checked by default , so please uncheck it . okay , now click on the pda button on odin and select the firmware file in tar . md5 format . now click the start button on odin . this will initiate the firmware installation . wait till it finishes . finally when you get a pass ! ! message on odin , remove the usb cable from your device . now open the back panel of your device and pull out the battery . wait for about 60 seconds and reinsert the battery back to its place . now reboot your phone into android recovery mode . if you have a smartphone , you can do it this way : press and hold the Volume Up+Home buttons together and then hold the power button till the screen turns up and the samsung logo blinks for two times . release the Power button but keep the other two keys pressed till you see a black screen with green android bot and blue text . in case you got a galaxy tab or note 10.1 , press and hold the Volume Down+Power keys together for a few seconds till you see the yellow triangle with android bot followed by a black screen with blue text . in the recovery mode you will have to use the Volume Up/Volume Down keys to scroll up or down , and the Power button to select an option . so , scroll down to wipe data/factory reset option and select yes to confirm your choice . now go to wipe cache partition and confirm the choice . finally , go to the reboot system now option and select it . your device will boot now and it might take a longer time than it does usually . when it completely boots up , it should be on the downgraded firmware you installed . cheers ! please do this at your own risk . more details on this method can be found here .
the l90 lacks an ambient light sensor , so there is no true auto brightness method . xda user gdjindal has a unique tutorial for adding a pseudo-automatic function on the optimus l9 ( it'll most likely work on your phone as well ) : link
assuming you have windows media player , you should be able to do this pretty easily . in windows media player , click on the " playlists " selection . then select " create auto playlist " . click on " click here to add criteria " under any of the music libraries you see there . a list with a scroll bar will appear . at the bottom of the scroll selection , there should be an item called " more . . . " . click " more " . next , a new list will appear , and on it will be an item called " randomize playback order " . click that . then you will be brought back to the previous window . now click " click here to add criteria " again . click " more " again . this time select " limit total size to " . type in the total size you want . say , 4gb or so ? and lastly , save your playlist . at this point you can edit your playlist manually if you want . now that you have a playlist created , save it and then click " sync " to sync it to a portable device . follow the instructions . i usually manually remove the files first using the android file browser . but windows media player should handle that automatically if you do the " auto sync " feature . i am not sure if it just deletes everything first on the android device or whether it just deletes enough to free up space . i think it is probably the former , not the latter . hope that helps .
use a needle or a pair of needle-nose pliers to break the data pins on your adapter , so they will not connect to the device . breaking the data pins does not inhibit the adapter 's ability to supply voltage across the power pins . alternatively , it might be easier to cover them with a small piece of insulating tape ; the easiest way to do it will depend on the shape of the adapter and what tools you have to hand . of the four pins inside a usb plug/socket , the middle two are the ones you want to cut off or cover . be careful not to damage or cover the two outer pins . it should go without saying that you should do this while the adapter is not connected to anything .
do you want to void your warranty ? if not , contact the karbonn customer care and ask for the official flash tool and a copy of the stock rom . reboot your phone in recovery mode and reinstall the android using that tool .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
if you are in the us you can create get a google voice number and place callers into groups . a group can have a customized announcement and do not disturb . gv is free and you can have gv ring multiple phones such as home , office and cellphone . if you install groove you can have it first and ring your gv number and directly or indirectly other phones . if someone sends an sms message to your gv number or your direct . to ( groove ) number it will send you an email message .
there is no lawful way - you can download an apk of the production version on the internet but this is piracy and so unlawful and the beta has expired . you either need to have it preinstalled on your phone ( like with the samsung galaxy s ) or buy it from their site ( which i can not see how to do - it is not on the market , at least not for my htc desire ) . there are many other free swype alternatives on the market but i can not remember them off the top of my head .
check this out : http://www.droid-life.com/2010/03/08/swype-beta-apk-file-for-those-who-missed-it/ there is a download link , and step-by-step instructions for installing the beta .
swype has just released a second beta , but i believe this is only for those who were on the beta before . nevertheless , you can try it here : http://beta.swype.com/ to install swype , you install the " swype installer " which will authenticate you as a valid user and then download and install the actual swype apk . they are keeping tight control over the actual swype apk .
plug your keyboard in , later go to Setting , select the language and input settings and under the Keyboards and Input Methods menu , your usb keyboard had been listed . select and change the language . if not listed , this means you have problem with your android . i could changed that way .
i do not know about your device but on my htc one i have a " do not disturb " function which i can schedule for a particular time . however i think this will block everything ; text messages , emails etc . if thats not what you want then i suggest you try tasker . there is a call divert option in there . edit : if you wanted another option ( albeit a lot more roundabout way of doing it ) you could use gsm codes . you can download schedcall and set it up to dial the appropriate gsm code to set call divert ( **21*destination*11# to divert all voice calls , and ##21*11# to cancel all diverts ) . a full list of gsm codes can be found here .
i had same problem before . user:eldarerathis was correct . it is swipe gesture that suppose to hide menu when you do not need it , but afaik , there is no way to turn it off . so , to get it back you should do gesture starting roughly a bit above browser icon and swipe down ( or up ) . i have fixed that another way - simply installed different launcher . problem did not appear
had this as well with the adw launcher from cyanogenmod . what you need to do is sweep downward in the place where the bar disappeared . you also hide it that way , probably accidentally like i did many times :d i had been thinking why this feature was there but can not think of anything , just to annoy users is my best guess .
i was hoping to be able to programmatically suppress the default " my files " system app from starting when a usb storage device is plugged in , but it looks like it is not possible . however , i did find a workaround . first i installed a new file manager/explorer from the market ( i used es file explorer ) . then i went to android settings -> applications and then selected the my files app from the list and disabled it . now it no longer interferes with my own application that i am developing for my usb storage device . not the ideal solution , but it works for now .
depending on your device ( does it support usb otg ) and your kernel ( does it support usb audio ) you could probably use any usb class compliant usb interface . you also need to use software that can " talk " to the usb audio device . one that worked for me was the shure x2u with one xlr input and a stereo output . i used it to record high quality audio ; it also plays back all my music when plugged in . the device i am using does not have a sim card so i do not know if this also works for phone calls . look at this android enthusiasts post for more info . edit : at the moment it is quite hard to find out if those things work on a specific device . manufacturers do not include the necessary data in their specifications . if your kernel does not support usb audio you can try others but most kernel threads on xda developers do not give information on usb audio so trying yourself is the best option .
no it will not be . the person will simply be shown the message " you have been removed from this group "
go in your lock screen settings and access the lock screen widget settings from there .
there are two options from my point of view : buy a cheap replacement from ebay ( search for ' ba-s410 htc battery ' , the nexus one also has the same battery ) leave it ' charging ' , maybe it revives on its own background : liion batteries need a safety circuit because they must stay within certain charging levels ( not under nor overcharged ) . if that circuit detects undercharge it may just think it is dead and prevent further charging for safety reasons .
how long have you left it charging for ? if it has not been long ( a couple of minutes then your phone is probably fine ) . connect the phone to the mains and leave it plugged in ( do not try to turn it on ) for about 15 or 20 minutes . it should start up then .
removing the battery and putting it back in solves the problem , at least temporarily . a few days later , i found the same problem was happening , and the same solution worked .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
there are stock firmware images available for download here that can be flashed with the sp flash tool . in terms of creating your own rom ( cwm-based or otherwise ) , that is beyond the scope of this site .
running flappy bird with no network results in heaps of these app_process instances running . each uses about 7mb of ram and they do not go away . using " os monitor " i have never seen app_process instances except for this . however , killall app_process rebooted the phone so clearly there are other instances running , probably with changed identities . os monitor sees these , as does ps on my phone so for me , seeing app_process is never good . i would guess something has failed to start or failed to cleanup when exiting .
i had a similar problem before . in my case , the culprit was one or more background services . deleting google goggles solved it for a while , then it came back . this time , i removed trust go . so far , so good . whether or not you have those specific apps , i would say there is a fair possibility that one of them is the problem . i tracked it down by going to settings > developer options and checking the box to overlay the processes on the screen . this is important because the act of using another app to check on what is happening can itself change things . i saw that even though a system process was eating all the cpu , trust go was frequently in the top five . removing it seemed to cure it for me
they are in the directory : */whatsapp/media/whatsapp voice
you still got your sdcard contents you still got synced data on google cloud associated with your google account and other cloud services . everything else is wiped out and cannot be restored all you can do is log in with same google account on your device and it will restore some data from cloud like google contacts , calendar and , maybe , settings for some apps . purchased apps are still available from google play and you do not need to buy them again . install dropbox , google drive and other apps which store their data outside your device . in future , try to keep copy of everything important on other device such as your computer or in cloud . nowadays you can get lots of free storage on many services like dropbox , google drive , box , skydrive etc . you can avoid wiping your device in future but you cannot avoid losing it or breaking it , so backups is very important .
i found the solution for the problem , as i had the same issue . the problem for me was when i recieved calls from people that are linked to twitter . when i removed the twitter-association from the contacts it worked fine .
i get the same thing but only with skype calls - sometimes it just keeps ringing indefinitely . it does not lock the phone though . it seems to be worse when my 3g connection is bad or there is some sort of delay . if it is only happening with certain contacts , try to identify what all those contacts have in common . for example , android tries to show contacts ' facebook statuses etc when they ring - maybe it is having trouble sync'ing some piece of info like that ? try turning off sync for certain contact types ( in settings , account and sync ) .
you need to contact asus directly . google play 's support page says : nexus 7 limited warranty the nexus 7 is manufactured by asustek computer inc . asus provides a limited 12 month warranty for the nexus 7 . please refer to the warranty card in the nexus 7 packaging or review asus ' limited warranty details . if your nexus 7 was purchased from google play , please contact google customer support for service on the asus limited 12 month warranty . if your nexus 7 was not purchased from google play or you are looking for out of warranty repair service , please contact asus directly .
select system settings , then turn off blocking mode ( under the device heading ) . you ( or someone ! ) might have accidentally pressed that button when scrolling down the list . you could go into it first and confirm that the ' set time ' is 19:30 ; if not then the problem is something else .
i finally made it without a /system/-wipe . i reinstalled cm9.1 + gapps , ran it once , and installed cm10 + gapps . now it works fine ! anyway thanks for your help !
aosp keyboard crashing in cm is a known issue . i think you can go for a system wipe . but just go through the precautions you should do . try re-flashing your rom and gapps
thanks to doug plenty for providing the answer to me directly . this is the subject of an apple patent and over which they are suing htc ( amongst others ) who customise android in a way that the stock os does not dare . see for example http://mashable.com/2011/12/19/apple-patent-victory/
xda developers has a guide for this . see guide : using android without a data plan . i cannot verify these instructions but the comments in the xda thread seem positive . below is the section regarding getting apps : the easiest way to find apps is to type the app name and apk into google , but most of the time , this does not work ( and is illegal for paid apps , unless you get it from the dev directly ) . since this does not usually work , you can get apps using a special avd and the android emulator . download/setup the android sdk and download the accessmarket . rar file ( originally found at http://tech-droid.blogspot.com/2009/...-emulator.html ) copy the contents of accessmarket . rar to c:/users// . android/avd/ - you might have to enable " show hidden files " in folder options to see the . android folder edit c:/users// . android/avd/andemu . ini , and change the username in the file to your username start sdksetup . exe , then click virtual devices , launch the device called " andemu " once this is started , download astro file manager from market ( it works in this emulator ! ) - astro will allow you to backup the apks for apps that you download from the market . ( note : for protected/private apps , you can use titanium backup to back them up ) 5.5 . you can download any app from the market , and back it up the apps you backup will be backed up to /sdcard/backups/apps/ you can use one of the following adb commands to pull these files from the emulator : adb pull /sdcard/backups/apps/ /andapps this will download all of your backed up apps to a folder on your root drive called andapps or adb pull /sdcard/backups/apps/ . apk /andapps/ . apk this will copy a single apk of your choosing to /andapps/ after you do this , you need to copy the apk to your sdcard ( either by taking the card out , or using the sd share widget ) , and then you can install it to your phone with astro note : special applications : some applications like to let you download themes and such within the app , without any other source . most of these applications store files on a folder named after the app ( com . something . something ) so you can download the stuff within the app on the emulator , and backup the folder on the emu 's sd card and put it on your phone .
simply , install amazon app store . its the only app store on planet which could compete with official android market . it also provides one paid app for free daily .
you can always use sites like slideme . org , which " mirror " many market apps and allow you to download them without registering your android device . beware of stolen apps , though ( i.e. . paid apps which are available for free ) . you can also use the marketplace app with only a wireless router in range .
afaik the n1 does not require signed firmware , at least not once you unlock the bootloader -- it is a dev phone . unofficial confirmation : i specifically purchased a nexus one because it supports the ability to flash the phone with unsigned firmware .
when you say old phones , i think you meant devices which had ni-cad batteries . that practice of recharging only when the battery was run down is known as the memory effect like richard said , most phones do not use ni-cad anymore but li-ion or li-poly , which do not exhibit that behavior . i keep my devices plugged in as often as possible .
full discharges put a strain on the battery . this topic might be of some help to you ( the first answer specifically ) .
modern phones use li-ion and li-poly batteries . so the battery life is not affected by whether you charge them at 0% or 90% . it only has a long term effect . batteries degrade with every charge cycle . a cycle is usually a recharge from below 50% . so charging while the battery capacity is still relatively high has a long term effect of less degradation . the other frequent pseudoscientific habit that has no roots is a technique many call " formatting " , where you leave your battery plugged in for 16 hours or 3 * 8 hours with discharge in between or any other baseless claim by anyone on any forum or phone shop . if they do not have scientific evidence do not believe them .
it does not appear that there is a native way to do this in ics . however , you could use the folders feature in ics to add multiple contacts to the home screen and group them into a single folder . not exactly what you are looking for , but this seems like it is the best native ( non-3rd party ) solution in ics .
based on my experience with chinese-made mid , we can extract it only if we have the access to it is kernel ( which usually the manufacturer does not release it ) . maybe you can start looking for the solution at tabletrepublic . com forum . find the specific device model and chipset used , and i am sure there will be a lot devs out there willing to help .
try turning the camera 180 degrees . clearly evernote is confused about where the top and bottom are . also , i have found when editing in the gallery then uploading to evernote , if i only rotated the picture the edits do not seem to take . it does work however if i rotate it , then crop it ( i do not really crop anything out , but just go through the motions ) and save it . on those photos , evernote recognizes the edits .
things like this sometimes happen when something gets stuck in cache . to solve that , the easiest approach is : boot into recovery select to " wipe cache " which works for both , stock recovery ( aka "3e" ) and custom recoveries . of course , with a custom recovery you can also " wipe dalvik " – does not hurt , just causes a longer first-boot after that . side effect might even be improved performance , especially when you frequently install/update/uninstall apps , as this wipe forces the entire dalvik cache to be rebuilt cleanly . the important part however is the " normal cache " , where it is more common that " things get stuck " .
the most likely cause is that your pc can not supply enough current over the usb connection to charge your phone while it is awake . smartphones draw a lot of power these days , so their chargers use extensions to the usb standard to supply more power , so they can charge even while the phone is in use . most pcs do not support these extensions , so they can not . the solution is to use the charger to charge your phone . you can buy a y-shaped usb cable which splits the power and data connections , so you can have it plugged into the pc and charger at once if need be . some docking stations also have this ability .
phono is able to replace the carrier 's name with a logo : phono ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge ) take a look at above screenshot . see the t logo in the upper left , on the notification bar ? that is placed by phono . it additionally offers a bunch of widgets to show you network strength and other things , plus some shortcuts ( as shown in the screenshot ) . i used phono successfully on htc stock roms as well as with cyanogenmod . though your seem to have issues with your current beta-rom , those might hopefully be fixed with an update , so phono will work on that , too -- otherwise it might still help you in case you decide to switch roms : )
in case you want to append country code to your contacts or append +91 , here is best way to do and be sure of it done : open the csv , xls , or xlsx file as google spreadsheet edit > find and replace select the option Search using regular expression find ^91 will search all numbers in sheet beginning with 91 . in replace , put +91 similarly , do for all contacts of yours with other country codes
currently , the best app to achieve this ( and more ) completely automatically and for free is twitch ! contacts formatter . i used it and it worked perfectly . it also marks the contacts with invalid phone number for you to decide what to do with it .
i had used an app from the market to correct this as well . google contact formatter . not free unfortunately , but it did the trick just fine .
you can try syncing your phone contacts with gmail , preferably into a group . then use gmail 's web interface to export that group into a google csv format , use a text editor to replace " , 00xxx " with " , +xxx " ( and do any other editing while you are at it ) in the csv file , and reimport into gmail .
there is an android app called right number ( source available ) to do exactly what you want . it reformats all the numbers to a canonical form , and then automatically adds the local prefixes whenever you do a call . disclaimer : i know personally one of the authors of that app .
ok , after a lot of headache ( the replacement sd card i got sent from where i originally purchased turned out to be a 2gb card rebranded to be 16gb ! ) , i think i now understand everything a bit better . this is my understanding of the situation : flashed with insertcoin rom ( and possibly other roms ) the sd card needs to be partitioned in a particular way for the custom rom to work ( ie it requires an ext2/3/4 partition to boot up ) . so inserting a brand new unpartitioned sd card would not work . you will at least need to format the card accordingly . with the correctly formatted card , i would imagine you can then boot up the phone . data on the sd card will obviously be lost , but data on the phone should be ok . note : when i put in the new sd card , i wiped all caches , phone memory etc and re-flashed the rom , so i lost everything . though having played around with it a bit more , i do think it would have been possible if i just partitioned the sd card and booted the phone up . ( not tried , just an educated guess , and if it is true , it will hopefully mean you lose less data in the unfortunate event that your sd card retires ) stock non-flashed phone my guess is that you will be able to insert a new card and things should work . data on the card will obviously be lost .
there is no reason you can not use the original card .
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
if your launcher includes an " activity browser " ( as e.g. nova launcher and apex launcher do ) , this is easy to achieve : just long-press on an empty place of your homescreen , select to add an activity . activity selector in apex launcher ( click image for full size variant ) each app that provides activities ( that is , basically , a screen to interact with the user ) , should be listed here together with all the activities ( screens ) it offers . scroll the list until you find the app you want to add to your homescreen , then open the list containing its activities ( in the screenshot , the arrows on the left border indicate whether the list is opened ( up-arrow ) or closed ( down-arrow ) ) . if there is only one activity shown ( screenshot-example : locmgrpt ) , that is probably the one you need . simply tap it , and the icon should appear on your homescreen . if , on the other hand , multiple entries are shown ( as for locmgrpd in the screenshot ) , you might need to try until you find the correct one . often , the activity name helps you sorting out unlikely candidates . if you have found your target , you will have a corresponding shortcut on your homescreen . other than a simple " app start icon " , this is a " shortcut " , i.e. you could even jump directly to a " sub-screen " of the app . and there are even more uses for your findings : having the activity name , you could have that activity launched automatically using e.g. tasker , or call it from the command-line using a terminal app or adb . if your launcher does not support adding activities this way ( just apps , widgets , and shortcuts ) , take a look at activity launcher to substitute for this feature . additional highlight : it even allows you to chose an icon of your choice .
it turns out that on the galaxy note 3 that the voice recorder app is hidden away inside a folder called , simply , " samsung " . there is no visual distinction between a folder and between an app , so i had no reason to suspect that there was anything of value or interest to be had by clicking the icon named samsung .
you can make this happen by going in poweramp settings-> headset/bluetooth an uncheck pause on headset disconnect and resume on wired headset and that should be it
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
i have had this issue and there are 3 ways to try to get around this . you will need a custom recovery to attempt 1 . or you can use odin alternatively for 2 . below . the superSU binaries are often ( but not always ) installed via recovery and the app itself gives this option . when superSU asks you to update the binaries , rather than select ' normal ' select ' recovery ' and see if it can install that way . flash superSU.zip directly in your recovery or Odin . here is the link to chainfire 's latest version . i have tried this myself and it fixed the issue for me on a number of devices . install an alternative super user app from the market . ( this can be messy , and you need to ensure superSU is completely removed )
on a pretty much vanilla build on my evo , i can get to it by going into Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;(Menu Button)-&gt;Advanced . it is listed as " keep wifi on during sleep " . just be sure to tap on the left half of the " wifi " menu item , since the right half is simply the toggle .
after ignoring the message for a while , i now see that there is an option to postpone the update :
i called at and t , and this is a mandatory update . other than rooting , there is no way to avoid the message . you can avoid the download by not going onto wifi . if you install the update , you need to re-enter wifi passwords every time you reconnect to a wifi network . horrible ! i am avoiding this thing even if have to keep hitting the home key when the message pops up .
you need an intermediate wifi ap to which both android and your laptop connect . the integrated wifi hotspot functionality will not work as it does only forward the internet connection and hides the rest ( it adds a new 192.168.42/24 subnet and does nat internally ) . technically speaking , of course , there is a way to do it . but it requires root and you would need to setup the network by hand ( iptables , ip tools required ) and make sure that the app does bind to the wifi hotspot standard gateway ip 192.168.42.129 and that there are no firewall rules to block it .
most likely the files in question are on the sdcard , try deleting any suspicious-looking files on there ( do not forget about hidden files beginning with a . )
you should experiment with rebooting via the various key combinations / battery pulls / usb plugged-in-ness below first . sometimes the phone can be jolted out of the bad mode it is in by doing that . if the firmware was partially written though , you will have to do odin as ryan suggests . i basically agree with ryan 's answer , but i would use at least odin 1.5 . here 's odin 1.7 , it includes the 512 pit file . for the gt-i9000 ( international galaxy s ) , get firmware from this xda thread . you probably want the newest for your region ( excluding gingerbread , since it has not been officially released ) . i also recommend checking re-partition in odin . this will wipe 100% of your data , however . i think the easiest way to get into download mode is through key combinations . for the i9000 , just hold power + voldown + home until the phone reboots , then let go of power only ; after a second you will get to a yellow triangle with an android in it . for the vibrant , remove the battery , plug into usb , hold voldown + volup , and insert the battery .
i had the same problem ( except i did not use kies , i had the problem after the first ota update ) here are the steps i did to get my device back in a usable state : keep in mind , this will revert your phone to a rather old ( android 2.1 ) version of touchwiz . you may want to see if there are newer odin files available . you will probably need different files anyhow , as the ones i have below are for the galaxy s vibrant . also , i take no responsibility if this does not work for you , or your phone explodes in the process . these are the steps i took , and they worked for me . good luck . download odin3 1.0 download 512 pit download jfd tar note that all 3 of those are from the same thread . it also would not hurt for your to read that post too . open odin , plug in your phone , then put it into download mode . to expand on this because a lot of people were asking " how to put in download mode " . the easiest way i found to actually do it , if you can can connect via adb is to do the following : # reboot download if you can not get that to work , try how i mention below ( phone off , battery out , hold vol+ and vol- ) , or try searching these forums for " vibrant download mode " you will find other things that " work " for people load the pit file in appropriate area . load the . tar file in the pda area . do not check ' re-partition ' . click start , let it finish . at this point odin failed on me . and i got the " mobile- ! -pc " image . now , pull your battery and unplug usb i also took out the sim and sdcard at this point . bring the phone to download mode again plug the usb back in ( the phone should be off ) hold down vol+ and vol- put battery back in press power re-run odin as mentioned above do not give up if this does not work . if you get the device to boot , even if it is to the " error screen " , there is a possibility of recovering .
for the camera in jelly bean it is a little easier : open the camera app tap the " circle " in the lower right to open the menu choose settings make sure the toggle for " store location " is set to off i understand the camera for jelly bean 4.3 is a little different ( it presents the options as an arc instead of a circle ) but the steps should be the same .
this video seems to cover it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luv31pkozcgfeature=player_embedded to recap : open camera app open menu tap " tags " uncheck auto-location tag done .
32gb lexar microsdhc class 10 card . with sd tools benchmark i get 23.7 mb/s read and 9.1 mb/s write performance on cyanogenmod 7.1-rc1 . on stock 2.2 rom it had considerably lower values with read even less than write . the benchmark is run just after reboot to prevent caching mechanisms inflating the real values .
htc desire hd and htc inspire 4g supports sd cards up to 32gb capacity . but 64gb is not supported . i have checked it by myself . so you can buy 32gb card and be sure that it will work .
i have a 8gb class 10 microsdhc in my desire .
16gb microsdhc here with no problems .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
in general , you can assume that " sd " refers to " sdhc " . it is the standard . if your phone supported sdxc , it would definitely be advertised .
the htc desire supports only microsd and microsdhc up to 32gb . sdxc is still relatively new and at present no handsets support it .
i also have a samsung galaxy s . if i open contacts and hit the " menu " button , one of the options i have is " import from sd card " ( also , " export to sd card" ) -- that should backup your contacts . i installed funambol sync to sync my contacts to my laptop -- that is another good option if you do not like google having your data . if you turn on usb debugging ( settings > applications > development ) you can connect your phone to your computer with a usb cable and copy the export file to your computer so you know you have got it backed up .
there is an application ( backup and restore ) that comes with android phones to back up all your contacts , messages , call logs , etc . use that and backup all your contacts . its going to place the file in sdcard . you can even store that in your computer . so later you can use the same file to import the contacts . i do not know why root come into picture . .
the samsung galaxy s comes with sim toolkit which allows you to move contacts from the sim to your google account . once done then your contacts are automatically backed up .
for a quick backup of your contacts to your sd card , you can use the export functionality of the contacts app . this is on a htc desire s ( running 2.3 ) - i would imagine that this is common functionality though : open the people application press the menu button select import/export choose export to sd card choose which account you want to export - in this case you are probably wanting the phone contacts , but you could choose sim instead . copy the created backup folder to your computer , the internet , etc .
did you try it over the build-in android &lt ; -> google account synchronization ? that keeps your contacts always synched up and moreover you have them available also online within gmail . from there you can even export them in different kind of formats as an additional backup if you like . more details , perhaps . . . : in contacts-> menu-> more-> contacts storage ( translated from my non-english-speaking phone . . . ) , you can select google . that will store any new contacts you add there , but as far as i know does not handle pre-existing contacts on your phone . what i did to sync up these old contacts was contacts-> menu-> import/export , and exported the contacts to a file on the sd card . i then used the gmail app on the phone to send this . vcf file to myself as an attachment ( menu in the gmail application to attach a file ) and used gmail from my pc to import the contact list from that message , merge any duplicates etc . etc .
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
actually , on jelly bean ( 4.1.1 ) , it is Gmail &gt; Settings &gt; **username@gmail.com** &gt; Notifications .
just upgraded to 4.3 and for me this setting was in the " hangouts " app .
launch the google play store app and hit menu then settings . . then go to google admob ads and uncheck .
try appmgriii , its free , as there is no default option available .
the other way of doing this is more simpler , the blog which was where i learnt this from . adb shell pm getInstallLocation , the value returned is 0 is default . 0 is auto , will by default android os will install it as it sees best . 1 is internal , apps will get installed to the internal filesystem . 2 is external , apps will get installed to the external filesystem , by way of sd card . now , to change that to external location adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 , the changes will persist across reboots and any apps will get installed to the sdcard by default . beware : i am unaware if this will work in the newer later versions of jellybean . as the latest i have is cm 10.1 android 4.2 so the mileage may vary . amendment : as per @izzy 's comment below , the newer jellybean version and probably will remain for later android versions from that point onwards the commands used above are , adb shell pm get-install-location and adb shell pm set-install-location respectively in place of the older commands as highlighted above . reference found here
you have to root your device : http://www.idroidspace.com/root-samsung-galaxy-mega-5-8-and-install-cwm-touch-recovery/ then install the app in the sd memory and then ( finally ) you can unroot your device so to do not lose the warranty or the o.s. update
by default all the apps are forward compatible ( moving apps from a previous version say 4.0 to 4.4.4 in this case ) because there are only new api additions to the existing ones . as mentioned by @dan in rare cases you may find the app not compatible with the latest version only because an api is removed possibly due to some issues . still if the app is not compatible an update is released by the developer 's in order to make sure the app compatibility stays even with the future versions of android . note :- android applications are not necessarily backward compatible ( moving back from v4.4.2 ( kit-kat ) to 4.1 ( jelly bean ) or even 2.3 ( ginger bread ) ) due to lack of supporting api 's in the present which lack in the previous versions . so you can go ahead with your restoration provided there is a backup ready for any unwanted issue .
generally this should not be a problem . the only problem with restoring between different android versions is when you backup and restore the system apps ' data from a different version . if you only restore the apps you installed and their data , you will be ok in most cases . a few apps might have different versions of the app for different android versions , so those apps might not work properly because you have restored the data from a different version of the app . this is unusual , though , so you will probably find that all your apps work just fine .
does the rest of the internet work ? or is it just the netflix service ? in any case , contact your vpn service provider for advise . as long as the vpn connection is not terminated ( as you say it isn’t ) any problem is likely to be much easier debugged on the service providers side . you have noticed a pattern , and that should be debuggable for them .
factory-resetting only wipes the user data . if you want to go back to the original rom and unroot to fix your phone , you need to find the original rom that your phone came with , and follow the procedure to flash it to your phone .
clock is the standard application for alarms . in android , pretty much every feature is an application , and one application can be replaced by the other .
easy method ( requires root ) yes , there is an app for exactly that and much more called ' gravitybox ' ( it is an xposed module ) . for information on how to install it , view a similar post here alternatively ( does not require root ) if you are lucky your phone app should have a " blacklist " to which you can add numbers and prevent calls and/or messages ( notifications ) from them . normally found in the settings of your default phone app . . . if you do not have it , then you could even try a 3rd party phone app that will replace your default phone app that will do the trick ( there is a large variety that are more beautiful , simplistic , up-front and have features including black-listing options . . . ) . using a 3rd party phone app will leave all your contacts intact , but you may loose your speed dial settings .
try quiet balance app here is the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.melkote.quietbalancehl=en
the cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware supports netfilter . you can follow the instructions from cyanogenmod 's full update guide for the sgh-959/samsung vibrant to install cm7/9/10 ( downloads for the vibrantmtd are here ) .
i also hit this issue . i even went as far as downloading the ics source code . it would seem that the music app on the nexus is " google music " , whereas the old music player is " android music " . the old one is actually included in the source code , but it is not installed as part of the standard image . i actually compiled the old one , and installed it , and when i created playlists there , they were visible to other apps . i suspect that because " google music " can do much more - cloud storage , music store etc . this means that it stores playlists differently . for example , an external app would not know what to do with a playlist which included content which needed to be streamed from google music ( and probably would not be able to access the service . i think google are changing the strategy in the apis . they now want you to use music controls to play the music in its default player . this makes some sense , but makes it very difficult to support apps which work in &lt ; 3.0 and > 3.0 , and will probably become more complicated as more people manually download google music .
have you looked on the market ? there seem to be a few dvorak keyboards available . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.reyn.truedvorakfeature=search_result https://market.android.com/details?id=net.xenionsh.android.dvorakfeature=search_result you should probably shop around and try as many as you can find . if you do not know how to switch to an alternate keyboard you have installed , look here : http://www.simplemobilereview.com/change-your-android-soft-keyboard-system/ if you are looking to change whatever keyboard you use now to the dvorak layout , that may be harder . it would depend on which keyboard you are using .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
the application saymyname dessert does this quite well .
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
i have got the same problem since some weeks ago ; it is the same , the wifi remains connected even when the screen is off . . . one friend solved it removing the outlook app but i am not using it . ( i am suspecting the simpsons game . )
the second image , which shows the battery go down to 0% shows that wifi is what used all the battery . it seems that the battery stats do not show its " progress " to 0% , maybe because the device was in " stand by " mode , but still connected to wifi . wifi is a big drain on your battery even when the device is not used . there are applications that will still use the data connected ( wifi or mobile ) even when the screen is off .
no . i have made my current city offline . but , when i do local search with third-party apps , the map is displayed after consuming internet connection . its task of third-party apps to cache fetched map data for future use .
if you are using the dolphin browser ( which you should be using anyways ) , there is an add-on called mypdf ( available in google play ) . check it out .
try with another browser , like the android stock browser or firefox for android .
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
if your recovery mode is also password protected , you are out of luck with gui interface from device . go to download mode and flash the rom . this is the only solution if you do not have password .
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
you can " wipe user data " from recovery mode , though that also means that you get to spend a few hours setting up your phone again .
the problem has been reported and seems like it might be solved with some release in the mean while , an alternative would be : label contacts rather than put them in folder
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
make sure you have supersu installed from playstore . you mentioned root checker said not proper root access , means it did not ask access to check . i highly recommend supersu instead of superuser etc .
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
i did not test that , but you did not quote the command – so su -c just got the command pm to execute , while everything behind that got passed as additional parameters to adb shell . and shell does not know anything about " disable " . adb shell su -c "pm disable com.google.android.gsf/.update.SystemUpdateService$Receiver"  should fix that – and pass the complete command ( -c stands for " execute command" ) to su as one parameter .
this is the highest rated app i found appbrain : http://www.appbrain.com/app/pubtran-london/cz.fhejl.pubtran.london here 's the search i used : http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=tflsort=highest-rated
the one that used to be called transport for london is now called london underground and now has pay and ad supported versions . http://www.appbrain.com/app/london-underground-free/com.visualit.tubelondoncity
installing external keyboard helper pro seemed to fix the keyboard shortcuts in chrome . ( i have no idea why it helps ; this was completely unexpected . i was just installing it to get rid of the onscreen keyboard . )
we created an app that allows you draw + chat with multiple users in real-time . it is also a social network so can add friends , upload stuff , view a newsfeed etc . market : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.che.squibble.client website : https://www.squibblebox.com let us know what you think !
to the date , no the best you can get is to share your whiteboard through wi-fi . go to goolge play store and search for whiteboard apps . you will find a plenty of great apps . hope this helps .
new versions of the market are rolled-out by google automatically ( and there is a slight chance that you never see the new market , but i do not think that this is true for the desire s ) . so the best thing is to wait . if you really can not wait you could try this market . apk , but i am not sure if it is the latest . make sure that you have " unknown sources " enabled . source
ahh , i should have known , ssh is the solution . therefore install an ssh server e.g. sshdroid then you should usually have sftp and ssh to your phone . as command line tools like sed echo and basename are available even renaming is really easy :d . the really great thing is you even do not need a wifi around , you can make your own with wifi thetering and sshdroid will still work , though you have to disable the presence of a network in its options first . you do not need to root the phone .
you can use adb ( android sdk ) to open a shell from the device on your computer . you can connect over wifi or via a usb cable ( wifi is a little more complicated then using the usb ) . root is not required . once set up you open a command window and do adb shell then you have a shell from your device .
right now my htc evo does not have this issue . however i have noticed from time to time that the typing something in the virtual keyboard can be slower than usual . usually though this is due to an app being installed or i am switching around in several apps really fast and the lag does not last more than the first one or two key selections . if you have not already i recommend calibrating your virtual keyboard ( it may help it may not : ) ) in " settings " go to " language and keyboard " then select the input keyboard you are using ( i have three different ones on mine you will most likely have less ) . my guess is that yours will be called " touch input " . from there select " text input " and scroll to find " calibration tool " . quick summary : to calibrate your htc virtual keyboard - " settings " > " language and keyboard " > " touch input " > " text input " > " calibration tool " there may be slight differences due to the fact that the device i am using is different but since they are both from htc it should be close . hope this helps
reading the very first line on google play for shark reader application for reading pcap files . which implies the op needs some tool to generate pcap files . . also , reading this also on google play for shark for root traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions . bolded sentence is my emphasis , so it seems a bit confusing and mis-leading . from the description on the play store , it is saying that using wireshark is a pre-requisite for shark reader to work . . but cannot find the actual app called the same . there is one available for desktop pc 's to allow sniffing of ethernet traffic , but for android , remains to be seen . also , for what its worth , sniffing traffic on 3g is questionable as that is dependent on if the radio base-band allows promiscuous mode , that is a given in order to be able to sniff traffic , even though its unlikely , due to proprietary nature of radio firmware . . ) wifi on the other hand , is extremely dependent of the capability of sniffing also , not all of them have the capability to go into promiscuous mode , again mileage will vary depending on the wifi chipset/driver and kernel regardless if rooted .
you could try wifinspect [ root ] or packetshark . both have buildin package analyse features . as far as i know , package sniffing is only possible for wifi .
i had this happen to me once . i think it had something to do with wifi being turned on while flight mode was on , but i do not know why . i fixed it by : turning off wifi turning on flight mode rebooting turning off flight mode rebooting turning on wifi
well color me dumb . i would recently installed an app called " autopilot " . it is supposed to put the device in airplane mode when there is no cellular signal . i work in the middle of an office building so it happens a lot . it burns through battery while it tries to establish a signal . the settings led me to believe that it would not touch wi-fi unless i turned a specific setting on . i did not , because i did not want to mess with that . however , after i uninstalled the app , the behavior has stopped . i should have checked that first . let that be a lesson : just because you do not think it is that new app you installed giving you grief , it just might be after all .
open up jorte and go to the " tasks and memos " section . click on the " task list " button , and there should be a " create " button that lets you create a new list . to view other lists , go back to the " task list " button and check/uncheck the lists you wish to show/hide . i do not know if there is a limit to the number of lists you are able to have in jorte ; i would imagine the number is a technical one that is much higher than an average user would ever need .
the max amount of task lists appears to be 3 , at least for me anyways !
there is a widget that allows you to combine widgets into a 1x1 square , called widgetfolder . unfortunately , it is not as sleek as even the standard folders , as clicking on it does not slide out a pop-up with the contained widgets ( or files , apps , contacts etc ) , but opens up a separate screen where you can open , arrange and add widgets ( or other folder items ) . opening up that screen takes a good one or two seconds , which can become quite frustrating in the long run . it also crashes to force close every now and then , especially when you are arranging or deleting icons from it . but so far it is the only one i have found . sadly , it is definitely not good enough for me to stop looking .
this might be a late answer , but lightning launcher is free , and allows you to put any widget inside a folder . you can even put more than one widget in a single folder if you like . the downside to this launcher is that when you restart your phone , the widgets do not reload , but it could just be my phone .
after much experimenting , it is apparent that you cannot put a widget inside a folder . folders will only hold shortcuts . i have a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 . admittedly , there may be a rom out there that lets this happen , and perhaps even a customized version from some carrier/manufacturer that allows it . but without significant modification , this just can not be done .
the answer lies in the kernel source for that htc wildfire - look in arch/arm/mach-msm/acpuclock.c to see the table of the accepted frequencies . since the wildfire is based on msm-7x25 chipset here 's the excerpt of the frequencies table hardcoded , assuming its a gsm handset : first column , indicates that the frequency can be scaled , if it is a 1 in there , that chipset frequency can be scaled up or down , think of ramping up the cpu when there is a processor-intensive app running and that is done by the kernel dynamically within the confines of a safe threshold without burning down the chipset - please note : this is only for the kernel to use , further on in the answer , that shows the overclocking table , that is " end-user " responsibility - not the kernel ! ! ! ! ! ! second column , the normal frequency in khz as dictated by the what i think is called the a11 clock ( somewhere within the bowels of the chipset itself ) third column , not exactly sure but is specifically related to chipset itself fourth column , the selector used for the normal frequency setting fifth column , the divisor used for normal frequency setting sixth column , the overclocking frequency in khz seventh column , the overclocking frequency selector eighth column , the divisor used for overclocking frequency setting ninth column , not sure either what that signifies there is actually in fact , 12 fields used , the remaining fields are filled in at kernel boot-up , perhaps adding guards and ensuring that the conserved values are not explicitly over-ridden , a " gate-keeper " if you like , read on . . . further on in the source , there is usually a conservative over-clocking frequencies ( the common msm-7x 01 / 25 / 27 ) chipsets supports it ) , again same layout as the " conservative values " as highlighted above , notice every single one of the frequencies can be scaled up/ramped down for each overclock frequency that is how setcpu can adjust those values as it has a 1 in there in the first column depending on the table lookups , and depending on the chipset , only the max is specified , and is re-inforced by the kernel ( in the remainder of the fields of the record that the kernel reads from and process it - as mentioned above ! ) i eventually created a setcpu . txt file which i put in the root of the sd-card . the thing is when i had a frequency of 800mhz setcpu still read it but the max frequency it could obviously touch was 768mhz . that is why you can never override the maximum as dictated , as in the op 's case , to prevent thermal damage to the chipset and clock frequency ! random reboots , random freezes , battery overheating quicker than normal ( normal as in within the regulated cpu clock frequency threshold ) are all symptoms of a overclocked chipset . this is a big give-away clue when someone asks about random reboots but does not say that it is probably overclocked !
there are quite a few options already : chroot to a full fledged linux ( search for debian chroot android , it is got quite a few hits ) there are also native ports of debian or ubuntu for some phone/tablet models . shell access is already there : terminal emulator if you install an aftermarket firmware such as cyanogenmod you will get root access , busybox , bash , an ssh client/server amongst other things here 's the sl4a project ( scripting layer for android ) , it adds python , lua , perl and other interpreted languages to android you can build qt applications ( yes , even those using qtgui ) using necessitas -- a port of most parts of the qt desktop framework to android . applications as complex as quassel ( an irc client/server ) can be built with very minimal source changes . in theory this would allow you to build much of kde4 , though some parts ( e . g . the plasma workspace ) may be too heavily tied to xorg/glx . most c/c++ programs from gnu/linux that do not require a graphical interface can be compiled to run on android using the android ndk other things , you aware of . feel free to add it here
titanium backup does not require internet access , you can firewall it off if you like or just turn off your connection while you use it . the internet permission is used for downloading busybox if you do not have an appropriate version , but again there is no reason or need to trust it to do what it says , you do not have to let it access the internet . it does not back up to the cloud and saves the backups on the sd card . also , keep in mind that full backup apps require root . a root application does not need to request permissions in order to use those functions ; the root user can do anything , that is the point . you should take the fact that they do request the permissions as a good sign . they are letting you know exactly what the app does . edit : without root , you can use lifesaver 2 for sms . there are some options here for backing up contacts .
apndroid does not work on cdma phones . this appears to be the case with most such apps . internet scheduler and greenpower claim to work on them if you have gingerbread , though . there are some other solutions you can try in this google groups thread .
john as @thunsaker states this a htc sense mod and unfortunately cannot be changed . you could look at rooting your phone and putting a vanilla rom of android on or the fully customisable cynogen mod 7 , that way you can take back the control htc stole ; - ) . a place to start would be http://www.android.modaco.com
rather than modify your rom and switch over to cyanogenmod , why not simply use an alternative sms app like handcent sms or gosms . both have customizable options for sent message notifications , including vibrate pattern options .
you need to download and install android central sideload wonder machine to your computer and connect your device to the computer . this link will surely help you out . just follow every step carefully and you will get rid of that issue . hope that helps .
there are a number of programs . you are described the functionality of an ftp or smb service . one of the best is servers ultimate . you might also take a look at airdroid . type this in the file explorer window of your os to see a gui resolution : ftp://192.168.1.150:2121  ( the ip address should be replace for the one that servers ultimate pro gives you . ) you will end up with a regular file browser window where you can drag and drop items between your computer and your android . this is a view of your drag/drop ( copy option ) in linux : this is a view of your drag/drop ( copy option ) in windows : the android is on the left of the two pictures . the pc is on the right of the two images . when you drag and drop , you can drag and drop ( transfer ) full subfolders between the android and the pc , or of course individual files . enable write access for the user : ensure you have setup a user for your ftp server and enabled write access for this user . you can check this by clicking ( from servers ultimate pro ) : click on servers then click the ftp server you setup click edit click general click users click the specific user put check mark in allo write access
get adb running on your computer ( see e.g. : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) enable wireless adb on your android device on a command line : adb push &lt;local_folder&gt; &lt;remote_folder&gt; to get the files from your computer to the android device – or adb pull &lt;remote_folder&gt; &lt;local_folder&gt; for the other direction
i actually managed to temporarily solve this : add ok to your personal dictionary and be done with it .
one way to do that is using tasker together with the secure settings addon . but this requires your device to be rooted since , um , ics at least ( android no longer permits apps to switch gps as it did with e.g. froyo and before ) . you could configure a condition for " boot completed " , with a task to disable gps . so it would be disabled at startup , and not touched from then on . you might even want to go a step further , and let tasker automatically switch gps back on as soon as you start selected apps ( useful for e.g. maps ) -- so you would not even need to remember turning it back on when needed . tasker and the secure settings addon ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) apart from that , once you have got used to setting up profiles with tasker , you will find many more things you can automate with it . sure , the app has its price ( worth every cent of it ) , and takes a little time to get used to . to first try it out , you will find a free trial on the homepage , working for 7 days . if that seems to short , here 's what the dev himself recommends : take care to export your configuration before the 7 days are up . then , at the end of the test period , uninstall tasker , re-install it , and import the saved backup -- you are ready for another 7 days then : )
as you do not give any example , we need to guess . i doubt it is for " stopping themselves " for the call dialog like amit suggests ( as a background " live wallpaper " , they do not need to do that specially for call dialogs : either they generally need it for any dialog , or not at all ) . i rather suspect some ad module behind this ( see my answer here for details ) . for ad modules , the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE are quite usual : the former to retrieve the advertisement material , and the latter to access your imei for identification ( good cop : to know which ads you have already seen so they are not repeated too often ; bad cop : to get imei , imsi , your phone number , phone numbers you have been in contact with -- so a profile can be built ) . note that the developer of the app ( or live wallpaper in your case ) has no control at all what those ad modules do . all he can do is to take care to chose a " good one " , and avoid the " more malicious " ad modules .
i think , you will have to reset you phone to do so . if you do not want to lose your application data then try app backup manager apps . these apps back-up application 's apk file to sdcard .
go to settings-> accounts-> add account-> and add another google account with the new email . then go into the play store and there will be your email with a drop down arrow . tap it and select the new email .
photo saving location is up to the individual apps . stock android camera app , for example , always writes to sd card 's DCIM\Camera folder . other photo taking apps may have a different default location , but you should be able to change that in those apps ' settings . various photo managing apps will try to scan your entire sd card for images , and may pull in folders that belong to various other apps , not necessarily camera/camcorder . such apps usually have setting to specify which folders to include or exclude during such scans .
requirements : have a sdcard with a second partition that is ext2/ext3/ext4/ . . . formatted . be sure /data/sdext2 exists be sure that mount-scripts are in place ( menu-> more-> recreate mount scripts in link2sd ) if unsure , do as root via adb : df | grep sdext2 should show you a mounted ext2/ext3/ . . . mmcblk0p2 partition
for cm7 , you have to choose ext3 ( for cm10.1 and 10.2 , none of them works for me ) .
in my case , i had formatted the partition of interest in ext2 and used on a cm 10.2 build . i rolled back to cm 7.2 and selected the default ext2 but it would not work . after rebooting and having the same problem , i selected the ext4 file system and voila !
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
action-> event-> phone-> received text *type:sms sender : phone balance content : balance new task-> variables-> variable set * name : %smsbalance to : %smsrb +-> alert-> popup * title : balance text : [ see in variables ] . . . voila
looks like the cause of you problem might be : your sd card is corrupted or with some problem your version of android is very outdated and might have bugs try to use another sd card , if you get the same problems then i highly recommend you to flash a custom rom like cyanogenmod 7 for example . here you can get some tutorials about how to make it update xperia x8 with official firmwares or custom firmwares
i solved my problem by going to Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage and unmounted then remounting the card .
i faced the same issue at least couple of times , but now its stable . i also have android 2.1 update 1 version on my phone . i strongly recommend you back up all your data ( call logs , messages , bookmarks , contacts and market apps ) to a pc . after backing up your data try the following : reset the settings ( settings -> privacy -> settings reset ) . it is going to restart the phone . let it restart the phone . if step 1 does not help then do factory reset ( settings -> factory data reset ) . it is going to remove all the data from your phone . if still no help then use sony ericsson update service to flash the stock ( original ) rom into your mobile . please format , remove and reinsert the sd card into your mobile . you can try nathan 's solution , but your phone 's hardware should support the latest android versions ( > = android 2.2 ) otherwise there are custom roms . as far as i know your phone 's hardware will not support higher versions of android . it allows you to flash the custom rom but you will be able to use very minimal features of that android .
this could be a hardware issue . if the sd card is continually failing / un-mounting like this , try another sd card , and try the first sd card in another device . if the first card fails in the second device , it is the card . ( cards are cheaper to replace , so hope it is this . ) if the second card fails in the xperia x8 , it is probably hardware related . i would not root and mod to attempt to solve this problem as it is more likely to be hardware/warranty related .
you can try viber . you only need to put your phone number . personally i do not like it because of the ui and their notification mechanism but its a matter of personal flavor .
check out " need to write " in the market ! i just wrote this app so i am shamelessly advertising it everywhere . i was facing the same problems , so i made it to have no file size limit other than your sdcard size . ntw lets you display and edit files small chunks of the file at a time .
try ak notepad . i am not sure what the upper limit is , but i know i was able to create a 30kb file in there no problem .
so i went digging in the cyanogen source code . it appears that settings work as follows : the brightness is determined from ambient light sensor based on spline ( can be changed in " adjust" ) . brightness adjustment - makes overall auto-brightness result darker or lighter by affecting gamma value . centering the slider means " no change " . adjust to sunrise and sunset - also affects gamma value , but based on time of day and time of sunrise and sunset . adjustment sensitivity - there is a delay in screen brightness changes due to ambient light changes . this settings affects the delay to make it faster / slower .
it is much slower than siri with the same connection speeds . it is also less accurate .
today netflix released an offical app ! currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3
this is a droid running cm 6.1.2 . there does not seem to be any appreciable difference between the headset and headphones other than the wired vs . wireless indicator .
you can see the details of this at the android developer documentation , but an app can definitely tell if a wired device plugged into the audio jack has a microphone or not . i will tell you that this information is not always accurate or consistent across devices though , as i have experienced with my own app hearing saver . sometimes different phones send different codes for this particular bit of information , so if you are experiencing difficulties with certain apps not recognizing your headset , i would get into contact with the developer of that app .
if you format your sd card with the ext2 file system you can create a symlink from Camera to 100ANDRO . if you do this , any app that tries to read or write to Camera will be redirected to 100ANDRO . to do this , you will need a pc running linux , osx or another unix . as i do not have one available , i unfortunately cannot give you any exact instructions . note that you will not be able to mount your phone in msc mode on windows if you do this . also , i am not 100% sure that gingerbread does support ext-formatted sd cards .
use an app like gallery excluder . alternatively you could do it manually . in the folder that you want to exclude create an empty file and name it . nomedia than you need to delete the media scanner database . go to : Settings -&gt; Apllications -&gt; All -&gt; Media Storage -&gt; Clear Data  now reboot your phone . it might take a while for your pictures to appear again but these instagram folders will not be there . instagram unfortunately does not have an option to choose a folder for saving pictures . if the above does not work or if you want a really cool gallery app try quickpic .
when your phone is not turned on it can not have a adb service running ( disregarding the possible technical difficulties it would also be a security issue . ) try the following instead : 1 . take out your battery and connect the phone to a charger 2 . your phone should now turn on . 3 . insert your battery . it worked on my current and on my previous phones ( zte blade and huawei u8220 ) but it may vary by model and manufacturer .
i see this blog post explaining how to configure apn settings to browse through a proxy . at first , i could not believe that the apn mentioned ( as telkila ) in the post will be available in my emulator . but to my surprise i find a apn is available though with a different name ( as t-mobile us ) . since i do not have a proxy server environment , i could not check and confirm this . however the comment in the blog seems to confirm it .
very badly , there is not a way to do this . emulators are just like androids - no way to add a proxy , unless you use an external app , and you must be rooted to do so .
battery temperature guard free is another cool app to monitor your android 's battery temperature . this will warn you if it gets too high . this app was very useful during my summer vacation in south france :- )
you can use tempmonitor available from google play store : system temperature reading in your status bar updating at your choice interval . tempmonitor is the oldest cpu temperature monitoring app on the android market . this app is built to do one thing : temperature , and it does it well . some features that you might like : the temperature can be displayed on the status bar or in the app screen . you can also select what you want to see : choose from celsius or fahrenheit . choose what temperature to display ( battery , cpu ) . choose the update interval .
simple hack : cover it with a small strip of black sticker . or , cover the nightstand with a handkerchief . complex hack : find if the usb port driver allows you to turn the light off ; i think that is quite unlikely , as it may be hardwired to the hardware itself .
a google engineer said ( on google+ , i think ) that nexus phones are designed to not charge the battery to 100 % , as it is stressful for the battery . even when a phone shows 100% and charged , the circuitry actually charges and discharges the battery , always keeping it under 100% ( and above 92% , i think ) . i tried to find the source , but google search has not turned anything up yet . will add it here if i find it later . so when your device does not show 100% , do not panic . that is by design .
you might want to visit the update page for neo v for closer information on how to update . it not only tells you what has changed , but also provides you with the required downloads . the link is to the uk version . i could not find any link for argentina , and the brazil page does not even list the neo v . so you might want to check around for yourself -- at least that is somewhere to start with .
you can add more reminders for one single event . if you want something more " loud " you should edit the notification sound to something like a longer notifications sound so that it will vibrate for all the sound duration .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
the error message says that the update is for a device with the codename pandigitalplnt1 , not the planet 7 . you need to find one for your exact device model .
turns out this was caused by twilight , which had an option that can fix the install issue . with " auto-pause in specified apps " ticket , and " apk installer ( button fix ) " , the problem goes away .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
if you are using a different band of wireless-n , your wi-fi may not be detected by your phone , but can be detected by your laptop . i.e. i have a dual band d-link wireless router at home . all my laptops can detect both 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands , but my phone , ipod and nook only " see " the 2.4ghz band . check your router 's band to verify it matches what your phone can see ( usually 2.4ghz only ) . another thing to check in the router is security measures : you ( or whoever set up the router ) may have limited access or visibility , based on mac addresses , or a manual access page . update : the original question was changed after i posted my reply - which was right at the time . should i delete it completely , or just leave it here to collect negative replies ?
it sounds like you are trying to broadcast a wireless signal using your laptop so that your mobile devices can connect to it . if you set this up via the standard windows 7 networking tools it would have created an ad-hoc network , and android does not support ad-hoc connections out-of-the-box . you can , however , use a " softap " ( that is - software access point ) to broadcast a signal as an ap instead of in ad-hoc mode . connectify works great for me , and i would recommend giving it a try . a list of their supported wireless cards can be found here . additionally , you can try to " enable " ad-hoc networking on the nexus one using the steps described in this forum thread . these steps will require that you have rooted your device , however .
no . such list could never be exhaustive as all the developers who got booted would need to collaborate to it . most warez markets do not exclusively deal with banned apps either , they usually host free and paid apps available in play store as well . for the record the term " apps that google does not like " is quite misleading . it is usually carriers or another external force that ask for removal of apps .
if you are using wi-fi you can use a remote file transfer tool like websharinglite . you can start the app , browse it in any web browser with the ip and port and upload your . apk or explore your files .
to install . apks from sources other than the android market , you have to enable the " unknown sources " feature in the " settings/applications " menu . otherwise , you will not be able to use any third party apps . for example , nothing from the amazon app store can be installed without this setting . also , dolphin mini browser is great , lightweight , and allows direct installation of downloaded . apks .
also , if your cord is broken and you are looking for a way to transfer files effectively ( including . apks ) , try wifi file explorer . there is a free version , but the paid one lets you push files to your phone , and i found it to be perfect for transferring . apks without a cord .
absolutely . the gmail app will not allow downloading of attachments ( images and the like are only " previewed" ) but you could use a third-party email app or the gmail the website to get around that . be aware that unless you have something like download crutch installed , android may not let you download apks through the default browser . you can just use firefox or another browser instead .
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
i believe it is necessary to install the android sdk first on the samsung galaxy tab3 . thank you , frank .
i have the galaxy s3 and when i plug mine in it automatically connects as an installer , so if i want it to connect as a media device i manually have to change it to that . for your situation you might have to do the reverse . if you are keeping the " connect as a media device " and " connect as a camera device " box check all the time in developer options then what you can try is plugging it in without those boxes being checked , then see if it will default back to connecting as an installer when you next connect it . it also depends on what phone you have and since i do not know if you have the same phone as me or not i can not really give a super detailed answer specific to your phone .
i believe the solution is the same as in my answer here : try different button combinations to get into download mode , then try the update . if the update does not work in download mode try again from the phone 's normal booted-up state .
this problem usually occurs when , for whatever reason , your phone is set to only use wifi to make calls in the call preferences menu . on android , with jelly bean upgrade , some apps will alter this setting apparently . here 's the fix . enjoy ! from home screen , access apps/settings/more settings/wifi calling ( press the part to the right of the on/off button to open another menu ) / connection preferences . choose either " wifi preferred " or " cellular network preferred " . make sure the phone does not have " never use cellular network " selected , or every time you shut down your wifi or go out of range of it , you will be listed as in airplane mode in the on/off menu , but not in the apps/settings/ . . menus , because your cellular transceiver is disabled by that setting . note : these instructions and menu layouts are specific to my samsung galaxy s2 with android 4.1 . xxx jelly bean , but can easily be adjusted to other phones . hope this helps , and my best to all !
is it a known bug ? yes , it is . and it seems that it is not fixed yet . here are some advises from me : try to change sim card and see what happens . backup all your applications ( data ) and do a hard reset . backup all your applications ( data ) and flash unofficial ( custom ) firmware . also try newer version of android ( 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x ) .
i found the only solution without deleting the system cache and losing everything was to change to a different sim card . there must be some parameter that gets corrupted in android that is associated with the sim card . by changing the sim must use a different set of parameters that are not corrupted . i tried putting back the original sim card and the problem returned . i also tried putting my original sim card in another android and it also worked ok .
i had the exact same problem since yesterday , this post was the solution http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
link2sd only moves the app itself to your device 's sdcard . app data still go to internal storage ( /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . for every app you install , the android system automatically creates this directory – and i do not know of any app that does not put at least a few files here . for details , please take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki . it not only explains the different app2sd approaches taken ( including link2sd ) , but in " extended methods " also holds hints for a possible solution to your problem ( s2e ) .
quick settings has a separate " notification volume " which for me controls all of my apps notifications ( although i have fb and twitter notification off at the source ) . another app i use is quick profiles for fast switching between preset profiles . this app also can control the " notification volume " . i have a specific profile set for when i sleep that turns off all notifications . another thing you could do is turn off autosync at night which is a toggle on the stock power widget . that way you had still get calls and texts but it would update any of your email or apps . for the record , quick settings can control the following volume levels : ringer volume notification volume media volume alarm volume voice call volume system volume as well as the master volume .
1 ) app notifications use the ringer volume for how loud the notification is played . 2 ) you could use an application like locale or tasker to automatically silence your ringer volume during the night . then you could create exceptions if you need for certain people to be able to call you during the night .
System Settings -> Accounts &amp; sync -> select your google account -> make use of the checkboxes . sync settings ( click for larger image )
i normally do this by using the wifi tethering option built into android - and it works perfectly . as of this moment , the only way you may be able to do it via usb is using adb , but i have tried using multiple apps and have never got it to work .
to access localhost of pc through usb tethering on android , do the following:- assign a static ip to the pc or find the internal ip of the pc . make sure usb tethering is active . using stock browser , disable proxies and type in the static ip ( internal ip ) of the pc .
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
making an app " impossible to remove " is , of course , impossible to accomplish . nothing is impossible to remove . for other features you are looking for , i would recommend looking into airdroid or cerberus .
flashtool has been updated and is hovering near the 1.0 milestone , dated 5th june 2013 , presumably its updated . that aside , the .ftf image is either corrupted or the incorrect SIN header was accidentally linked in , intending for another xperia device .
a xda thread speaks about rooting micromax a87 ninja which seems to be quite easy and broken into following easy steps : preparation of computer which includes downloading jdk , sdk , adb driver and one click tool to root . connect the phone and run the root tool . i am skipping on rest of the details as the xda thread enumerates its details .
try currentwidget . it is a widget that you can configure to show not only the current but also the temperature and voltage . if that does not work , you could also look at android tuner free . look for the battery manager tab .
i am not sure if this would work , but worth a try . some mobile phones and some cell phone service providers require the use of apn . contact your cell phone service provider for the apn .
mybe this can help you : http://androidtrix.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/tasker-spotify-plug-load-and-play/ greetings
maybe . . . wavecontrol says it can control spotify and has tasker integration . i am not a spotify user , though , and it is much too late to check it out right now .
do not ask me how , but this worked for me : installed spotify , iheart and poweramp . disabled bt control for poweramp . disabled google play music . google now still works normally . using the action box extension , i stop all music by playing a 1 second mp3 of silence in poweramp . tasker 's play and next actions work fine with spotify or iheart . i have not figured how the phone decides which one to start . but i do not care :- ) hth
yes it is possible , but using tasker 's built in media control next will not work . for the action you need to use script --> run shell , and as the command enter " input keyevent 87" without quotes . this is the android api : https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html#keycode_media_next
itunes and windows media player encode album art into the song file 's metadata . googly play music uses an ' old hat ' method for adding album art . linux or winamp users know about this . in your album directory drop the image of the album in the directory and rename as " albumart . png " or " albumart.jpg " . ( note the capitalization ) . google play music should pick it up , if not the artwork may not have fully synced . try resetting your droid and it should re-sync . : )
though it is in no way a classical bookmark manager , you could combine a few things : wikimind note is an editor with wiki-syntax support . so you can embed links and even structures easily ( pictures as well ) 1 . it stores all the data files on your sdcard , so they are easily accessible with other tools . this fact ( files on sdcard ) you can put to use with foldersync . as the screenshot 2 shows , foldersync supports a lot of cloud services : box , dropbox , google drive , ubuntu one . . . it can also sync with local resources at home ( e . g . samba/windows shares ) , or any ftp server , just to name a few examples . this way you can easily use your notes on multiple devices . for usage on your desktop computer , there would be wikimind desktop and ( even better ) zimwiki . further readings : s . w . black : writing tools for phone ( android ) and desktop ( windows )
firefox can do this without any add-ons . it is called firefox sync and all you need is firefox on your pc and firefox on your smartphone , then follow these steps to set it up : introduction how do i set up firefox sync ? how do i add a device to firefox sync ? you can put your bookmarks in the Unsorted Bookmarks folder if you do not want to see them in your bookmarks toolbar . you can use tags there , too .
you could set each one of your contacts individual ringtones to be a sound file that is just someone saying their name . it would be pretty tedious , and it would not work for numbers that are not in your contacts , but at least it is something . see this thread on how to set custom . mp3 files as ringtones .
sanity is another neat app for this . alternatively , it is straight forward to configure a tasker profile to ' say ' an alert including the caller 's name .
i believe it uses some kind of push messaging that does not trigger when you send the message . i believe that after you type a message the desktop gtalk , the ones sent from the phone show up too . am i right ?
the new google hangouts ( that replaces the talk app on android and is available as a chrome extension ) appears to resolve this issue . you can move freely between the android app and the desktop and continue the conversation , with the full chat history visible . hangouts is not quite a separate application on the desktop , as it is installed as a chrome extension , but it uses the chrome api and runs as a background app ( when chrome is not running ) and appears as an icon in the system tray ( optional ) . i have only just started using it and reviews are mixed , but it seems pretty good so far . incidentally , you do need to be using " hangouts " on all devices . i first updated the android talk app ( the " talk " app is replaced with " hangouts" ) . whilst this communicated ok with a remote user on gtalk , i still had the issue of the local gtalk desktop client not being updated .
i do not know about rooting your device , but i can help with getting your device to be recognised by your computer . exact instructions will depend on what os you are running , but basically you need to find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to type this on the command line to get it to work after you do this : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now running this should show you your device adb devices 
as far as i know this was a new addition to the app recently , so it is surprising that it does not work for you . i just tried emailing myself a .epub file and it worked just fine , i had a download button to the right of the paperclip icon and attachment name . i know that the browser on many devices will not let you download any files that do not have a handler registered for their extension ; perhaps this is related . you can solve that issue via an app that registers for all files , such as download crutch ; perhaps it will solve your attachment issues as well . i would reboot after installing it . i have download crutch installed and have had no problems with it .
didnt find download crutch but another appp download all files did the job pretty well . have fun navneet
this is almost certainly a codec problem , there are two ends you could come at this from , either the tablet or the computer . what video playing apps are you using on your tablet just the built in one , or have you installed any additional apps ? if you have not tried installing any other video playing apps on your tablet , then try one or two of these . you will find that they should support a lot more video formats than your built-in player : mx player moboplayer vlc do you need to use minidlna on your computer , or can you use something with transcoding support that can convert the videos into formats that your tablet can play " on the fly " ? alternatively , there are dlna compatible servers that you can install on your pc that will transcode your videos to compatible formats as they stream them , i have used plex media server ( which as well as being dlna compliant , also has an android client to make the experience even easier and more pleasant than using dlna ) and i know people who use ps3media server for this too ( despite the name it is not tied to ps3 's these days ) .
likely the wpa_supplicant file is corrupted . if you are rooted , you might be able to use an app like titanium backup to wipe the data for it . if you are not rooted , i am not sure what all you can wipe . you can try and wipe the settings database ( settings -> apps -> all -> settings -> wipe data , which might include the file , but i do not know for sure ( this will obviously erase all your android settings ) . . but you should be able to fix it by performing a factory reset/data wipe ( settings -> backup and reset -> factory data reset ) . google should remember your apps and automatically install them once you type your password back in , and all your sdcard content should stay untouched .
for #1 , it appears that google changed the api for the gmail app , and frederico has disabled that functionality as a result . for #2 , go to the settings in the gmail app and select the account you are using , then uncheck " email notifications " .
according to the specs , the eee transformer has usb ports . android 3.1 added usb host support . the problem ( s ) with what you want to do is that there is no support for dvd navigation ( and probably the udf and cd9660 filesystems , as well ) in android . you had be better off ripping the dvds onto your computer and using a usb hard drive ( or the transformer 's internal storage ) to play them on the tablet .
can not say for the tablet itself , but the eee station comes with usb ports , and samsung introduced recently ( apr 2012 ) the world 's thinnest optical drive designed for tablets . samsung introduces world’s thinnest optical drive for tablets the se-2188bb supports android honeycomb version 3.1 or later and can handle a variety of media at high speeds including 24x cd-rom , 24x cd-rw , 8x dvd±r recording , 5x dvd-ram recording , 6x dvd+r dual layer recording , 6x dvd-r dual layer recording , 8x dvd+rw recording and 6x dvd-rw recording it is safe to assume that this is the type of solution you were after .
try my voice reminder . its a free app . do not know if it supports ics .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
are you familiar with adb tools from the android sdk ? what you will need is logging from your device as a starting point . the easy way there are tools available ( apk 's ) that can be installed from the google play store to read out the logcat . the 2 first hits on google play look useful : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jtb.alogcat https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nolanlawson.logcat however this logcat is usually cleared on each reboot so that might not be your best option . the better way more information will be retrieved using command line tools like adb from the google android sdk . a quick step by step guide download android sdk from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ( if you are not planning to develop go for the " download for other platforms " > " sdk tools only " option on that page ) follow the installation instructions ( download , extract ) have your android device connected to your computer using an usb cable ( check if drivers are needed for your environment ) navigate to the platform-tools folder and execute the adb command with the following arguments : adb bugreport > bugreport . txt that should create a bugreport.txt file within you current directory . post that information here ( check for personal information first though ) . for more information about the adb tools check http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html
have you purchased a map direct from us on our os mapfinder app ? if so , there is advice in the faqs on syncing downloaded maps between devices that are using a linked google play account : https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/shop/mapfinder/mapfinder-android-faq.html if you have purchased an ordnance survey map from one of our partners rather than direct from us , you will need to check with them on how their apps and services work though .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
as a general rule , i do not trust any " freeware " or " shareware " site that has not specifically been recommended to me by someone i know and trust , and because these sites are not my thing i can not either recommend or condemn this specific example . i can answer part of your question , though , and say an emphatic yes , unscrupulous people can inject malware into apks . installing an apk from an unknown source is generally a very bad idea . the permissions you mention , though , are actually the same that the legit facebook for android app asks over in the play store ( see the " permissions " tab ) . permissions alone are a bad judge of an apk 's potential for harm . in this case , personally , i would say the risk of an unknown source far outweighs the app 's permission requests .
if you really want to downgrade an apk , the best way is to get it from another device that you trust using one of the methods in where are the . apk files stored on my android device ? then you can put that apk on your device .
as best as i can tell on grepcode , functionality relating to walled gardens ( captive portals ) was added to WifiWatchdogStateMachine.java in 4.0.1 . i can not find it listed in the android api reference to confirm exactly when it was added , but that would seem to match with your nexus 10 having the feature but not your htc desire .
try gremote , it is good for presentation , but difficult to configure
the clock do not have a specific name , although if i do need to mention them specifically , since the top bar is usually called the notification bar or status bar , i would probably call them notification bar clock or status bar clock .
unfortunately , it does not appear that straight honeycomb ( xoom , samsung 10.1 , etc ) devices have the ability to take a screenshot without some help . if you have the sdk downloaded you are able to plugin your device and take screenshots using your computer . however , that sounds really inconvenient . instructions can be found here under " debugging tips " http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/debugging/index.html there was also an independent app released on xda for honeycomb devices called screenshot er . one caveat , it does require root . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/take-screenshots-of-your-honeycomb-device-with-screenshot-er/ market link at https://market.android.com/details?id=fahrbot.apps.screenfeature=search_result
partially stolen from this answer ( and here 's third party confirmation ) : hold the back button and tap the home button ( or , if that does not work , tap both at the same time ) . this is part of samsung 's touchwiz interface , it does not work on other devices . on most other devices , the only way to take a screenshot without rooting is to use the android sdk . you would connect your phone to your pc via usb , run ddms , select your phone , and hit ctrl + s .
this means the sd card has not been fully checked and mounted , and the app you are trying to run is on the sd . that is why you see the icon , but can not run it for awhile .
try disabling security checks in security preferences goto settings-> more -> security -> uncheck verify apps and check unknown sources
here 's what i wound up doing - i reset the router to defaults , and i was able to get conected - i gradually restored everything back to the way i had it ( ssid , security etc ) , and never lost connectivity , so i am not sure what , if anything is different .
have you tried using a third party app to get the contacts to pc ? here is an example https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.snappea , but there are more , pick one . install it using adb and then access your phone from pc . hope it helps .
there might be insufficient working memory . . ( memory is being used by other application that you are not using . . ) . to fix it go to setting> applications> manage applications , click on the runnning tab . now force close applications or games that are running but not needed . and dont forget to force close the games/apps that has this issues . i hope this helps .
using a root explorer application , navigate to /system/etc and delete anything that is named hosts including any backups , then restart the device . you may also need to clear the facebook app data as well .
go to the applications menu in settings -- at least that what i think it is called on gingerbread , on on ics it is just apps -- select the facebook app and clear the cache as well as the data . then go to the /Android folder on your sd card and delete anything starting with com.facebook . finally , reboot your phone . if your problem was related to the facebook app it should now be fixed .
there is a 2x2 picture widget . drag it to your home screen . here 's what it would look like :
you can do this with my free app showr . with showr , you can choose a picture from another app ( such as the gallery or dropbox ) , you can take it directly with any camera app , or you can have it download from the internet and update by your schedule . showr lets you resize the widget to any size . you can also set what happens when you click on the photo widget : you might want to view the photo in the gallery , or start some other app , or launch a website . and because i am active on this site , you know it is going to be easy to get help if you need it .
certainly android is developed by google , so he make a stipulation into it that the android users had to have google account to make it work . so just make it one ; )
so i figured this out . somewhere along the line , google moved the offline music/cache to /data/data/com.google.android.music/ .
my understanding is that you will need to unlock your bootloader in order to flash , and unlocking your bootloader will indeed wipe everything .
flashing a customrom ( usually any rom different to the one you are currently running ) requires you to do a complete wipe ( well , at least it is strongly recommended for stability reasons ) -- so the answer is probably : yes . data on an external sd card usually is not affected -- but as far as i remember , the gn has no such thing . you might wish to consult the following q and as for more information : how can i keep settings after flashing a rom ? do i need to revert to stock firmware and/or wipe data before installing a custom rom ? manually upgrade galaxy nexus 4.0.4 ( yakjuxw ) to 4.1 edit : just to be more clear : data on ( external|internal ) sd-card ( the nexus uses an internal emmc instead of the external sd , if i am correct ) -- that is the place where you store your photos , videos , music files , etc . -- are not affected by the wipe . just all " internal memory " -- i.e. the apps you installed , and all settings plus app data -- will be erased .
if you are downloading the .apk files from unknown/untrusted sources , there is no easy way to judge . most anti-whatever solutions ( anti-virus , anti-malware , etc . ) are just ruling by " database entries " ( i.e. . they have a database of known malware , and check whether the package name matches ) , or only check requested permissions ( and not whether e.g. a sms app only sends the smss you wish ) . i have never heard about a " real " heuristics scanner analyzing an app 's behaviour . though it might theoretically be possible a " scanner " also verifies a kind of checksum ( as the mentioned md5 ) , this could only work against a " trusted base " like e.g. playstore . for apps not available there it would fail then ( nothing to compare ) . and even for apps available there , it would need to check against the very same version . such a solution is hardly practical . so while my arguments might differ , my bottom line is almost the same as geff 's : only install from trusted sources . while nothing is 100% secure , this imposes the smallest risks possible . the highest risk is with pirated stuff , as that is very likely to have " bad things " injected .
google introduced an option verify apps ( disallow or warn before installation of apps that may cause harm ) for side-loaded apps when unknown sources is enabled ( both settings available in settings -> security -> device-administration ) . you can also use an online virus scanner like virus total to check your downloaded . apk file . but this is the same with every scanner service : they are not 100% sure and probably only detect already known malicious apps . custom tailored malware will probably remain undetected . also very new malicious apps will probably slip through until after some time they will be detected .
i use lookout security , it scans every app you install and you can also scan apks
you can upload the package to a mobile sandbox to see what it is doing . the sandboxes will execute the binary and you can see the execution resutls . this will also work for some formerly unknown malware as it does not have to be in some av-database before . examples for sandboxes are mobilesandbox , copperdroid , sanddroid , tracedroid , joe sabdox mobile , forsafe and others . as always , there is no 100% security , but then again , there is no complete security when downloading from play store , either . . . virustotal that has been mentioned above recently started to run some samples in a sandbox as well and is of course always a good bet as it tests against a magnitude of already known malware . a similar service as virustotal but specifically for android is andrototal .
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
hacking the play app is probably no feasible option . and as matthew read suggests , as a system app , it can do what it wants . the only other options i can think off is using an alternative android app market . you can find some here : http://www.howtogeek.com/106175/the-top-5-alternatives-to-the-android-market/
i found a solution to the initial problem . it seems that this is a common bug and in the software since at least anroid 4.2 . there is an application in the play store that does nothing but reacting to the bluetooth button and starting the voice recognition : voice command when i push the button , i have to select what app to start , i chose " voice command " after that i am asked again and chose " google now " and then it starts directly in the voice recognition mode . i do not know yet if it gets the commands over bluetooth or over the built in mic but it stops the music and starts the recognition . this works at least with my phone ( nexus 5 , 32gb android 4.4.2 all settings to german and my car radio ( jvc . . . ) )
i found out via xprivacy itself : i run the tuner app and after i saw in the privacy settings for the app , that it tried to access " medien ( audio , fotos , videos ) " -> " startrecording " ( one minute ago ) i allowed that and now it works ; )
just disconnect your network , and try again . its a network gateway error id .
according to the list of status codes at wikipedia , a 504 error means the following : 504 gateway timeout the server was acting as a gateway or proxy and did not receive a timely response from the upstream server . in other words : the culprit should neither be ( on ) your device , nor ( at ) google play -- but in between . a thread on the nook forum describes the very same problem , and one of the conclusions there is : generally , that means a gateway error and i would suspect the problem being on the router end rather than the nook side . sometimes a router reset will cure it . which corresponds to my conclusion . so if you are using mobile data , it might help to switch data off and on again ( or better : switch to airplane mode and back ) , in the hope you will get a connection into a different segment of your provider 's network ( and thus a different gateway on that end ) . funnily , the very same issue comes to a very different conclusion on yahoo answers : here the user had not enough space on his device , so after removing some other app it suddenly worked . i suspect this was a co-incidence ( when he tried again after having freed up space , the gateway was " fixed" ) -- but it cannot hurt to check for that . several more sulutions might pop up with the time . to me it proved helpful to search google for '"google play " " error 504"' .
setting the phone into airplane mode and back did the trick for me . so it most likely was indeed the gateway issue . tip though . dont just turn it on then off . wait about 60 seconds before you turn airplane mode off again . if you just toggle it , it picks up the same gateway .
try resetting the play store app . you will not lose your apps following these steps . nothing important will be lost . steps to follow on a motorola xoom go to the app drawer ( menu ) tap settings tap applications tap the " all " tab scroll through and look for play store tap play store ( not play store services ! ) tap " clear data " you will then get a warning , click " ok " that is it , go through your problem again and see if it fixed . bear in mind you will have to re-accept the terms and conditions for the play store app , when this comes up , simply click " accept "
if you do not want to muck about wirelessly , why not just take the sd card out of your phone and insert it into your pc ? you can then fiddle with files to your heart 's content .
install astro file manager with astro bluetooth module . go to networks page of astro file manager ( using toolbar ) and tap bluetooth icon . on next screen , turn on bluetooth and check OBEX FTP Server . after pairing , use bluetooth software on pc to browse file system of device ( almost all software work as obex ftp client ) . you can copy an entire folder from device to pc . done !
open bluetooth settings , go to shared folder tab , check box for ' allow remote devices to change content of shared folder ' . enjoy ridiculously fast file sharing .
i wrote an app called soundabout . the pro version has a phone call audio setting called " wired headphone " and " wired headset ( with mic ) " . if you use the " wired headphones " setting , it will keep the phone 's built in mic while routing phone call audio to the car speaker .
it is in the app folder google . shame on you samsung for not making the difference between folders and apps obvious . well the folders look like this :
a usb connector has two pins for 5v and two for the data signal . seems like the first are still connected while the latter are not . have you tried another cable and restarted your pc ? it is also possible that the phone 's socket is damaged or has connectiviy problems . it is soldered onto the phone 's logic board . did you once drop it with the cable inserted ?
try voicebutton . you can download it here dowload voicebutton
the only way to achieve this is to port over the old keyboard from an older device . this might break stuff , and probably is not the safest bet . you could install multiling keyboard and have a voice button on your numpad . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klye.ime.latinhl=en
if you are running asop keyboard , and are on the num pad , you can press and hold the space bar to get the text imput method select . there you can choose google voice typing . esentially keyboard -> num key -> long press on space bar -> google voice input
internal memory is tricky as you need to be able to read the smasung galaxy internal memory , here 's a guide you i found for you : samsung galaxy data recovery
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
no , you do not . the updates are received from the servers of the provider/manufacturer . this adress is saved in the rom . so you just need an internet connection via 3g or wifi .
it should be under your system settings ( the settings " app" ) , in the " date and time " subsection ( which is near the bottom ) . uncheck the " automatic time zone " option and then select the correct one manually :
no , you cannot restore your text messages even if you know the phone number . if you did not backup your phone with gmail , you can not get the backup because the text message are stored in phone 's memory or sim , not the sd . so , i think it is possible to get them back .
yes , its possible , from your desktop pc , go to play store , and install androidlost remotely to your handset . at this point , a caveat emptor is needed : provided you have 3g data switched on , it will remotely install on to the handset and also there is sufficient battery power read the starting page by visiting the main androidlost . send the text " androidlost register " ( without the quotes ) to your number of the handset that is stolen . there is a box in the upper right hand corner of the page , click on sign in , using your google account , if doing this for the first time , you will be prompted for androidlost to have permission to access your google account , as they are both tied into it together . the message will appear - " waiting for phone to be registered . " , please be patient . wait for a while , sign out and sign back in , eventually , from there , you can remotely control the handset via that same website and fingers crossed it will have a happy ending . good luck : )
just installed viber on my samsung galaxy s4 ( android 4.2.2 ) , and i can find an exit menu via More Options &gt; Exit .
usually , when the apk states " package invalid " , that means , either the package is corrupted or the application at the most , targets the version above the currently running android on your handset , up to the latest and greatest version of android , in other words , the minimum version of android was probably raised above it . for example : an application that targets android 4 , ice cream sandwich , if the minimum version is gingerbread ( android 2.3.7 ) , and the maximum version is jellybean ( android 4.1 ) , it is compatible from gingerbread , honeycomb , ice cream sandwich and jellybean . if that was attempted to be installed on either eclair ( android 2.1 ) or froyo ( android 2.2 ) as in the case of the op 's question , you will get that message . tl:dr ; the application is incompatible with the currently running version of android .
i do not know much about the android debug bridge , but i guess hard reset ( simple ) can do the trick for you . i have a solution with me right now , actually i had some sort of issues on my gs2 , so i bookmarked the forum where i had found the solution , here it have a look:- http://howmobile.net/samsung/2150-how-hard-reset-samsung-galaxy-s2.html it worked like a charm for me and i hope will do the same for you and other who are looking for a galaxy s2 hard reset procedure . thanx
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
being that you get a t-mobile graphic then i would say yes you have a branded desire . having said that my father has a branded o2 desire and he has already received the froyo update ( today - monday ) . i too have an o2 branded desire , but i have not received froyo yet which i suspect is because i am on a business plan with o2 , whereas my father has a personal plan .
i think all that matters is which phone you have and which carrier you are on . updates are always pushed out by the carriers to their subscribers . so , vodaphone will send out the update to all desire 's on their network , including yours , and you will be good to go . if there is an issue when the time comes , then a quick call to your carrier should sort it out .
once a manufacturer abandons supporting the device , your only choice is rooting it , unlocking its bootloader ( if possible ) and installing custom roms . google only releases the android source code into aosp ( android open source project , ) and has no say whether or not the manufacturer or carrier will update a given device . the only exception is the nexus line of phones that are supported by google directly . as it stands , aosp cannot be built for any non-google device without major work . even though manufacturers and carriers are required to provide the source code , it is true only for the part of the os . they do not have to ( and rarely do ) provide sources for the proprietary drivers , which are necessary to build a completely working android version for a given device . the community developers usually use the drivers from older os versions , which greatly limits the upgrade potential . the drivers sometimes are reverse-engineered which gives a greater flexibility to developers . there also is an issue of locked down bootloaders on most new android phones and tablets , which limits the extent of the changes a custom rom can bring . most manufacturers and carriers lock bootloaders to prevent people from " bricking " their devices . there are ways to unlock/bypass such locks for many devices though . bottom line is that if you are looking for a device that will be supported the longest - your best choice is a nexus line . otherwise , i suggest looking at various online forums ( xda-developers or rootzwiki , for example ) to see if there is enough interest in your device from community developers to produce custom roms for it .
+1 to installing a custom rom . got my desire hd in january , was fed up with the bloatware so rooted and installed cyanogenmod around may time . while the manufacturer skins like sense are nice and all , custom roms allow a lot more customisation , andi guarantee i will be on ics before htc release an update ( if they even do )
as uri herrera commented , you will need to root your phone to be able to install custom firmware , and then install a community aftermarket firmware , like cyanogenmod . most likely the open source community will keep updating the firmware ( rom ) even after oem has lost interest . how to root : you can refer to a nice guide by lifehacker - most likely it can be easily done by connecting the device with usb , and using a windows program called superoneclick . how to install custom firmware : the easiest way is most likely to use the android program called rom manager . it is available from android market . the premium version will even notify when your custom rom gets updates , so it is easy to keep up to date .
the simple answer is yes there are usually multiple versions of each custom rom . if not the rom may be only usable on some devices . usually for each device model ( or group of very similar devices ) there is one custom rom version . the reason are the different hardware each device is equipped with . like in your desktop computer each component needs a suitable driver for being used . this starts with the display which sometimes even changes from model revision to revision and ends with wlan chip used . as space and memory are significant on a smartphone a custom rom only contains the drivers needed . another reason for having different custom roms are the different cell phone standards . you have devices built for gsm/umts and some are designed to work with cdma . the telephony stack has to be either the one or the other - again a reason for different roms .
rom here would mean firmware , which would be the android os in the device . and like robert has said , with varying hardware specifications across the devices , the rom needs to be modified to include the respective hardware drivers so that every functionality of the phone works fine . also not every phone may be supported by custom rom developers . forums like xda-developers . com may have more information about the rom 's available for your phone .
since it does not look like a feature that android natively supports , you can try contact remover ; it lets you to mark the contacts you want to delete .
if your phone is easily disassembled , you might want to try powering off your phone , removing the sd card , replacing the sd card , and powering your phone on again . sometimes the simplest things can fix tough problems for you . if your phone still does not recognize the card , you might want to try plugging your sd card into your pc using a converter or card reader ( microsd cards are usually sold with one that converts your microsd to a standard sd ) . run a software like recuva ( or any other data recovery tool ) , and see if you can recover files from your card . if you can , download them to your computer . then format your card to fat32 , reload the files onto your card , and plug it back into your phone . best of luck to you .
this is probably because the icon pack you installed does not have an icon for those apps . icon packs only include app icons for certain apps and clearly the one you have installed does not cover many common apps . if you download another icon pack you may find that includes more icons for the apps you have installed . another option would be to contact the developer of the icon pack you have installed and request that they include an icon for the extra apps . if the icon pack does include an icon for the app but for whatever reason it does not change , you can do this manually . long press on the app icon in the menu that appears , click on ' edit ' click on the icon in the popup you should then be able to see all available icons , from which you can select the one you wish to use for that app . this will change the icon everywhere within the launcher ( i.e. . app drawer and home screens ) .
if you have " avoid poor connections " enabled in your xperia 's wifi settings , try turning it off : Settings &gt; WiFi &gt; Advanced &gt; Avoid poor connections 
the following are steps to follow in order to discover the app which might bug you . these below steps will also help you to find any application installed on your device is a bugging app or not . 1 . download the permission checker application from the play store . 2 . download any keyboard application which ever is reputed based on the ratings and which suits your needs . ( do not forget to read the privacy policy as most of the users never read is the big and important privacy policy , do not install any app with many one word reviews as these are normally suspicious ) 3 . later open the permission checker app and check what kind of permissions is the app requiring . in the app you will also get a brief 1-2 line description for the type of permission used by the application . if you see any irrelevant permission to the app or you find it suspicious then you can un-install it . last but not the least if you still do not understand the description given by the permission checker app then you can google the permission in your local language which shall give you the complete description . you can not completely avoid the privacy of your app as it also depends on the type of internet connection you are connected and the level of security it has ( i.e. . the wpa2-psk is the most preferred connection in terms of wireless but wep will still do the bit ) , if the device itself is bugged then your are possibly being eaves dropped .
the new way playstore lists permissions on install and update make it difficult at best to see what an app requests permissions for . while before that change , one saw at least those ( but still did not know what the app would do with them ) , now even that possibility is gone for good – except if you want to go to the website all the time to check manually . the rant aside : as thanh already pointed out , a keyboard app by definition has access to everything you type ( or would be useless otherwise ) , so there is pretty much no way from this approach . the only thing you could check for is one that does not request any network permissions . no absolute safety though , as it could use other means of transporting data from your device – so a little risk is always left . on my site there is a possibility to search for apps by permission , but the app list there is far from being complete ( my database has just a little more than 10.000 hand-selected apps recorded ) . a search for keyboard apps without the internet permission a.o. turned up multiling – an app which thanh already recommended to you , and which has support for vietnamese , and its sister-app multiling o keyboard requesting even less permissions ( just the basic ones a keyboard app must have : read and write the user dictionary , plus one harmless : vibrate ) . but be welcome to check for yourself !
you can not . a keyboard , by nature , is required to know everything you type , including your account credentials . your best bet is to select keyboard coming from top developers . my favorite ? multiling keyboard , supports multiple languages ( including vietnamese ) , highly customizable , the only keyboard i know of that does not require internet permission ( so the keyboard can not send what you are typing on the fly ) . some other popular keyboard that support vietnamese includes swiftkey ( free ) , swype ( paid ) . as for vietnamese products , laban is fine ( comes from vinagame i think ) , gotiengviet also was used by hundreds of thousands users without any incident .
well , according to kik officials they do not have logout feature . but you can force a logout by resetting the app but the downside is this is going to wipe your conversation history . so , rest i would leave it to you to decide wether to remain logged in and keep draining the battery or force a logout by resetting the app .
if it uses push notifications , it does not drain your battery . that is the whole point of push : the app does not need to be running at all . instead , the app is started by android ( specifically , by the google cloud messaging service ) when a message arrives .
this answer shows that you can capture touch input from the raw device ( `/dev/input/event2' ) to a file , and then play it back whenever you like . you could then automate an event to play back the captured touch input each time you want to scroll .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
the " clear data " option is available on froyo ( 2.2 ) without rooting your phone . it does not show what data is there , however .
the only way you can clear that cache would probably be to delete system files which would only be possible if you were rooted . there might be a market app to help with that , not sure . try googling something like " android app clear cache " . also keep in mind few apps were written for 1.5 . i would try upgrading to android 1.6 at least and then see if you have more options . 1.6 is more stable and gives more options too . plus the upgrade will likely clear out cache and give you a fresh start . also if you root your device there would be more opportunities for storing apps and such on sd card which would help with your internal storage issues . check out xda forums to see if rooting your device is possible .
here are the instructions for android 2.2 , not sure if it will work for 1.6 , but you may want to give this a try . home screen menu --> settings applications " all " select " facebook " " clear cache " . if you want to delete all data , choose " clear data " these instructions work for all apps , not just facebook .
so far i believe the only way to clear your cache is a hard reboot .
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
i use an app called airdroid . you install it on your phone , and then also install a chrome extension ( there may be other versions for the computer , the chrome extension is the most universal for me ) . this app lets me see the screen of my phone , receive messages , and operate apps . i do not know the full reliability of it because i still use my phone by itself most of the time since i can , but you can look into it and see all that it really has to offer . i think it could really help you out .
if you have got a separate device running the same ( or higher ) version of android , there would be an option alongside sid 's answer . you would not need the full sdk , just adb itself ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . then you could use adb backup -f myname.ab -apk &lt;com.app.name&gt; to backup your app and its data ( replace &lt;com.app.name&gt; by the app 's package name , to be found e.g. in its url on the google play page , following the id= ) , and adb restore myname.ab to install it on the other device . however , some conditions must be met : your xperia z must at least run android 4.0 usb debugging must already be turned on on your xperia z ( from your description , it sounds like that could be the case : been through the folders on it using the laptop ) the second device also must run android 4.0+ -- best the same as or a higher version than the source device that provided , and followed above steps , you then could start the app on the second device and access its data . edit : from ott 's comment below i just notice i have missed an important point : the entire procedure only works if you have used adb backup before , and set up a desktop password for it ( e . g . holo backup works this way ) . so this will probably be no solution for you in your current situation -- but you might wish to be prepared this way for ( hopefully never happening ) future cases .
since your screen is smashed and touch screen capability is gone , you may not be able to use apps like airdroid , as varnerbeast14 has suggested . instead you can use a service like droid@screen . follow the steps below to view your screen . install java jre ( or jdk ) , version 6 or later install android sdk run its sdk manager and install the platform tools set the environment variable android_home to point to the installation directory of the android sdk install usb drivers for your own android device , by getting it from the vendor’s support web page download and install the latest version of droid@screen configure your device to allow usb debugging ( settings-> developer options -> usb debugging ) plug in the usb cable between your device and pc launch droid@screen
the xperia z supports usb otg so you can use a computer mouse to access the screen by connecting it to the phone with a ' male micro usb to female usb otg ' cable . no setup required just connect it up and use the mouse to enter your passcode and do anything else you need to . once unlocked you can connect it to your pc to copy everything across or use the mouse to access an app .
very simple solution is available . i also faced same problem . i uninstalled virtually everything but no help . i could not even get sms . finally got a very simple solution . here are the steps open keypad type *#9900# dial choose " copy to sd " from sysdump menue ( make sure sd has enough space , upgrade or delete music or any . . . ) you will get " copy success " now u can install software
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with “low on space” messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? “insufficient storage” when trying to install new app
it is usually safe to restore non-system apps and their data across different android versions with titanium backup . i would not try to restore a honeycomb-specific app on a previous os version though , as the app itself may be incompatible due to radical changes between 3 . x and earlier os versions . restoring system apps and data is very unsafe . you can introduce instabilities to your device , due to changes in the way system data is handled between major os versions of android . if you are using titanium , i assume your device is rooted , since otherwise you would not be able to backup app data . if you also have a custom recovery installed ( e . g . clockworkmod ) i would highly recommend doing a full backup of the device , in case something goes wrong .
you can not re size widget in android gingerbread . i do not have sii and can not say but many widget comes in different sizes like 1x1 , 1x4 etc . try scrolling to see if there is other sized picture frame .
in galaxy s2 ( gingerbread 2.3.3 ) you can resize the picture frame widget this way : first drag the picture frame to the left top the picure selection pops up , select pictures that you want and klick ok ( save ) press the picture frame until the phone vibrates and release fast . the display will now show a grid on the screen . hold the right bottom " slider " and resize the frame as you like it finished ! ! :d i have standard launcher as delivered so this should do the trick for most of you : )
as roxan says the built-in picture widget in android 2.3 is not resizable . as an alternative , you should be able to find many alternative picture and photo widgets from a quick search in the play store , from a quick look many of those offer a range of sizes . alternatively you could use an alternate android launcher that allows you to resize widgets , but this will also change a lot of other things about how your home screen works . if you want to go down that route , i believe that launcher pro and adw launcher ( amongst others ) allow you to resize widgets .
mobile firefox includes support for firefox sync , which not only keeps your bookmarks in sync between your mobile device and your desktop firefox ( es ) , but also supports opening tabs you currently have open in your desktop browsers . i know this is not exactly what you were asking for ( del . icio . us/gmarks sync ) , but it works perfectly and makes any other bookmark syncing site obsolete for me .
there is an add-on for dolphin browser hd which can sync with google bookmarks : bookmarks to sd . gomarks for google bookmarks is also in play store . do try xmarks too if you need cloud bookmark sync ( not limited to delicious , gmarks ) . it has an android app as well as dolphin add-on too . but , its not free on android .
if your phone supports it , you could upgrade to ics . the stock browser and ( presumably ) chrome beta support syncing to google .
this happens to me too . but only when leaving the screen on with full brightness , having a wifi hotspot , using location services , and playing a game at the same time . basically , you are using more power than your charger can provide .
either the battery is damaged or it is a software issue . you should first try to reboot the phone . if it does not fix it , try a factory reset .
this sounds like the behavior if you have blacklist mode enabled . double check the ( subtle ) whitelist/blacklist default button ( the text above the apps listing ) .
you can do this with your native camera app . but you have to have jb 4.2 ( not 4.1 . x ) . go to the camera . tap on the camera icon and pick the item that looks like a small globe with a panorama stretched over it . that is the photo sphere mode . take a picture as usual . keep your camera steady . you should see a message to align your camera with the blue dot . tilt your camera up , down , left , or right slowly to match the center of the screen with the blue dot for the next area . the picture will snap automatically when you get there . keep going for as long as you wish to take as many images as possible and make your complete photo sphere . note : this may look a little weird if you try to take pictures of people , since they tend to move between shots . landscapes and interior shots are your best bets .
check this forum . it is dedicated to the development for custom rooted roms on gt-i55 series . there are roms for i5508 , i5500 , i5503 . maybe slight modification may port it to i5510 . you should ask the dev team for some assistance .
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
i think your hboot needs to be upgraded , and it sounds like perhaps you did not run the ruu to do so . the htcdev site notes that phones with an asterisk ( * ) next to them in the list must run an ruu before unlocking because the bootloader on the device did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities . so first you need to make sure your firmware is up to date ( which it sounds like it is ) , and then you also need to download and run the ruu : before beginning the unlock bootloader process your product requires that you update the rom to the version listed in the table below first , then download the ruu next to it to enable the unlocking capability . the ruu 's filename itself also seems to confirm this . it is listed as PC4910000_Buzz_Froyo_hboot_1.02.0000_R3.exe , indicating ( to me , anyway ) that you need hboot v1.02.0000 in order to perform the unlock .
i suggest the screen on app . i use it when i do not want the screen to dim or turn off , because i want to be able to instantly pause the playback on my audiobook without having to first hit the power button , then swiping the screen . when you want it to revert to a more power-saving mode , you can turn the app off again from the notification bar . it is not customizable to allow it to dim after a specified time , but it will keep it from dimming at all . better than nothing !
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
android applications have three kinds of components . in general , users do not need to know about them : they are a way for app authors to program particular behaviours into their apps . but if you are watching your apps ' behaviour closely such as with a task manager , or if you are automating things with an app like tasker , it is helpful to understand how they fit together within the system . an activity is the most familiar type of component : it is a window you can see : either full-screen or dialog-sized . an activity only runs while it is displayed on the screen . once you leave the activity , android will keep that app in memory ready to be started again , but the activity will not run , meaning it will not use battery or network . an app starts an activity using an intent . the intent can specify explicitly which activity to start , or it can specify an action to perform ( such as opening a particular file ) . if more than one activity can " handle " the intent , you see the dialog asking you to choose one . a service is another application component . once another component ( maybe an activity , or another service ) has started a service , it runs in the background until it stops itself . this means that a service could be keeping your phone awake ( using a wake lock ) , running down the battery , or using lots of network data , without anything showing on the screen . apps can use services to do long-running processes in the background , such as downloading files from a server , or checking for email , or checking your location . although services do not show up or interact with you directly , they still show up in the " running apps " list . from the settings app , choose apps or applications manager , and then running . you can stop a service that way , but it is not usually necessary . because services are not directly visible , android considers them less important than activities , so they will be the first to be killed when your phone needs more memory . broadcast receivers are the third kind of component . like services , they only exist in the background and do not interact with you directly . but unlike services , they can not stay running or perform long tasks : they exist to respond to events . and unlike activities and services , more than one broadcast receiver can be started in one go . a component broadcasts an intent , possibly to one app , but more often without specifying a particular app . in this case , the intent usually represents an event that is happened , such as the battery running low . the system finds all the broadcast receivers that have registered an interest ( using an intent filter ) , and runs each in turn . each broadcast receiver can react straight away , for example by creating a notification , or it can start a service or an activity to take further action . as soon as the broadcast receiver has handled the event , it is stopped and will not run again until another similar event is broadcast . an example of all three components working together is when you download an app from google play . first , the google play activity provides the visual interface for you to choose the content to download . the list of apps might be one activity ; clicking the " install " button starts another activity to show the confirmation or payment dialog . when you confirm , the dialog activity starts a service . the service will continue to download the content even when the activity has finished and is no longer running . but perhaps the phone loses internet connection while the new app is downloading . if this happens , google play 's download service will register a broadcast receiver , with an intent filter to say that it is interested in network connectivity changes , and then the service will stop itself . when the phone connects to the internet , the system broadcasts an event . android will start the broadcast receiver the google play service registered , along with any other broadcast receiver waiting for that event . in this case , the broadcast receiver will start the download service again . the service will create notifications as the download proceeds , and when it finishes , it will send its own broadcast to inform other apps that the new package has been installed , and will then stop itself . in turn , this will start broadcast receivers from other apps , to update the list of apps in the launcher , etc . in summary:- an activity represents a window on the screen ; a service performs a possibly long-running background task ; a broadcast receiver runs for a short time , to handle an event . all three are started using intents , but using a different mechanism . the launching app has to state explicitly which type of component to start ( by calling a different method in each case ) . when an app starts an activity using an intent , it only starts one activity ( possibly showing the " complete action using . . . " dialog to let you choose which ) , and the same goes for services , but broadcasting an intent may start several broadcast receivers , possibly from different apps . as a user , you interact with activities directly ; you do not interact with services , but they can slow down the phone and consume resources ; you do not interact with broadcast receivers , and because they are short-lived you do not need to worry about managing them .
i would suggest to start your phone in recovery mode ( download and install quickboot from market ) . if your phone restart in recovery mode you just need to find the last version of cyanogen working on your phone , install it and live happily . if you do not feel like it just do a wipe all from your recovery menu ( that is a complete " format " of your phone ) and install from scratch latest sony firmware from their website . as you start in one path or another and face different problems just come here with new and more accurate questions so we can give accurate answers : ) you will get a brand new phone : do not give up !
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
i would recommend going back to the sony official firmware . this thread has step-by-step instructions for reverting xperia x10 handsets to stock rom . you might want to search the thread to confirm that the process is the same for your x10i model before starting . keep in mind that flashing to the stock firmware will erase all of your settings and installed apps , so back up the important bits .
just change the extension from .nbf to .zip . for detailed step-by-step instructions , read this . go to settings , sync and backup in old nokia symbian phone . click on create backup and store the backup in memory card . connect the old phone to your pc through normal ' mass storage ' mode and open the backup folder from memory card . copy the .nbf file from memory card to your pc . the trick lies in this step when you fool nokia around . .nbf stands for nokia backup file . just change the extension from .nbf to .zip and extract using winrar/peazip . here you see a list of .vcf files in the extracted folder . connect your android phone to pc and transfer these files to sd card or internal memory . use this free " import contacts " app from google play and transfer contacts .
according to the manual for your tablet , there should be a " reset " button . try holding it while powering on the tablet and see if it boots into special mode ( recovery ) that lets you perform a reset .
the following link may help you . http://www.howtogeek.com/130611/how-to-factory-reset-your-android-phone-or-tablet-when-it-wont-boot/
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i use an app called hitchernet-beta to move files across wifi direct between devices . it is fast and stable , great for pushing video files and other big files . in jelly bean the permissions issues of other versions are solved so two way transfer is possible . i am working with these guys to build wifi direct into a game app i am building . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kharybdis.hitchernet
i am budius , the developer of the wifi shoot ! and i must say that j4velin 's explanation is really spot on and pretty sad . i started developing it just because i saw this cool technology and no one was using it but it only proved to be a big headache . even during development ( i was using a transformer tf300 and a galaxy nexus ) it took me much more time than it should had and i had lots and lots of problems simply because the technology is broken on the driver level . example of that is that asus removed support for wifi direct on their jelly-bean built of the transformer ( and that was reason for one of my 1-star rating , it stopped work on the user transformer ) if my app was completely free i probably was going to the same approach of j4velin and simply pull the plug on it , but now i feel i can not just cancel it for the users that paid for it . i started checking some options to allow it to operate over normal wifi too and only use wifi-direct if the user specifically request for it , but it is a personal project and i simply do not have free time now . really hope the manufacturers get their act together , but i would not put my hopes up . anyone who always uses bluetooth everyday ( a technology that was originally developed in 1994 ) know that sometimes you have to reboot your mobile just to have it connect to a headset .
i released an app last week that i hope will solve your problems . wifi direct friends https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cobaltstar.wififriends most significantly , it can transfer files in both directions once the two devices are connected , which i think seems to be your main big issue . so even though you may have to guess which device to press connect on ( blame the device manufacturers ) , you will know that once they are connected you can send and receive no problem . make sure you are not connected to any other wifi networks , or else things will get slow and unreliable . i also added auto restart of the wifi when there are problems or hangups in the initial connection process , so hopefully there will not be much guesswork or troubleshooting . you have hit the nail on the head with regards to finding problems about how wifi direct is implemented across these devices . we are dealing with the most trivial use case of the technology here and the internet is full of tales of woe . direct just does not seem ready for prime time in any big feature that needs to be depended on .
have you tried superbeam ? should work between android devices , will not work with pc though .
after some digging , i found a solution that worked for me . i hope this helps you too : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2271909page=9 in windows device manager , find tate-pvt-08 in on the list . right click , and select update driver select browse computer for driver software select choose from a list of device drivers installed on my computer find kindle on the list accept adb composite interface
there are different standards for headset plugs , and sony has started using the ctia layout for it is smartphones since 2012 . i could not find the official documentation on the differences , but it is pretty well explained here ( in german , but the pictures speak for themselves ) . the gist is , on regular headsets the order of the pins is ground-mic-right-left , but on ctia it is mic-ground-right-left . to get regular headsets working , you will have to use an adapter , but if i am understanding this correctly , headphones ( that is , without a microphone ) should work normally .
you can try nokia 's headphones . i think they will work with them .
you can go in settings , running applications and close the ones that you do not need . the application that the system needs you will not be able to close . or you can just uninstall the undesired ones as well . and reformat your question so it makes more sense and it is understandable .
this was my first cell phone with android sistem ( samsung galaxy ace android 2.3 ) , i just have for 4 days , so some questions arose , like this one but is pretty simple to solve , and i hope that can help another people . to solve the problem is going to settings , turn off some applications that i/you dont need , if you like me dont need 3g always working as the gps or wifi , just turn them off , but pay attention if you run out of battery the app 's will turn on when you turn on your cell phone .
you can do this by clicking on the arrow on the extreme right of the items you want to save cick export and save it to a selected place on your sdcard
for the 2nd point , you can copy or move the downloaded dropbox files in another folder before uninstalling the application . take your favorite file manager and do it .
you could use the stock messaging service by adding numbers seperated by a comma into the recipient box . but in my opinion there is a better option . you can download groupme which let 's you message multiple people at a time . you can choose whether to use sms or your data connection to send the message .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
in 4.2.1 ( maybe in 4.2.0 ) there was an option added to the mms application to support multiple recipients . while you may have been able to see them all the way that william stated , i have never seen that option . in 4.2.1 you click on the menu and select " group participants " . this shows everyone that is included in the conversation . when you reply to a group now , it sends the messages to all participants , not just the person that sent you the message . i know this does not relate directly to your question as you are not asking about 4.2 , but i do not know of a way that this can be done in anything pre-4.2 . this feature was discussed a bit because it was the first time android supported this feature . while you could always " start " a group conversation in any version of android , you could not " participate " in a group conversation with anyone other than the original sender .
see goo . im . they have a collection of google apps as installable . zip files . there is an explanation for which packages belongs to what android version on top . however there is currently only one separate package for facelock .
the facelock . apk may not be compatible or rather , clearly , missing some dependency with the motorola 's version of the framework . it could well be modified to exclude the facelock application as well . to each and their own , each manufacturer are free to modify , add , subtract from the google android source to suit themselves . it might help to obtain the logcat using the application alogcat ( found on google play store ) and run that in the background and capture the output from the logcat whilst running facelock to see what is the underlying reason for the point of failure .
i use google voice and only give out that number for calls and texts . it has a very nice " do not disturb " feature .
mr . number is an app that lets you set profiles based on volume profile ( silent , vibrate , etc . ) that allows you to block all call/texts for a given profile . when you are done , simply switch off that profile ! also , as richard mentioned , airplane mode + gps activated would be a wonderfully simple solution : )
there are several ways to accomplish this : airplane mode : you say that it does not allow gps , but it does . you need to enable gps when you are in airplane mode . disable radio : in dialer enter *#*#4636#*#* select phone info and pick turn off radio . take out your sim card . this one is only applicable if you have a gsm device . you can enable call forwarding in Phone settings -&gt; Call forwarding . if your only problem is that calls interrupt music than you can try using a music player allows you to set how audio focus changes are handled . one example is poweramp .
on my nexus s with miui rom i use firewall : turn it on , select the " reject all calls " behaviour , and i am set . . .
zygote is not really bound up with dalvik , it is just an init process . zygote is the method android uses to start apps . rather than having to start each new process from scratch , loading the whole system and the android framework afresh each time you want to start an app , it does that process once , and then stops at that point , before zygote has done anything app-specific . then , when you want to start an app , the zygote process forks , and the child process continues where it left off , loading the app itself into the vm . although this method was originally designed for dalvik , there is no reason art should not behave exactly the same way . it does not have to jit-compile apps while they are running , but it still has a lot of app-independent java stuff to load ( i.e. . the whole android framework ) , so it makes sense to use the same fork-when-loaded method to start new processes . it is natural on such a large project that there would be other left-overs from dalvik that are still useful in a post-dalvik world , so you should not be surprised that there is other code that was originally written to be part of or to work with dalvik , that is still around for art to use .
you can get the amazon appstore from here and install it directly , and install the kindle app from there instead of from the play store .
in tweetdeck , each column has separate notification and update settings . tap the menu key , then column settings . switch notify off , and set your desired update interval , or move the slider all the way to the right to select " manual " .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
i found a post on xda that suggests you have to hold home + power till the device starts and shows the samsung symbol , then let go . holding it till " samsung " appears is very important ! this worked for my galaxy ace gt5830 .
sorry to say this , but if it will not go into download mode then your only hope would be to take into a service centre to get it repaired . they would most likely charge you if you are rooted or have a custom rom installed . apologies for the bad news !
plug it into your computer and see if by some offshoot chance you have adb available . if so , run a adb -d reboot-bootloader to reboot into download mode . if that is unavailable , you are sol and will have to have samsung repair it . honestly , if it is hard bricked , you are better off buying a new phone . . .
i finally found out why ! :d when the phone boots - at least if i use go launcher - if the sd card is not completely mounted apps " get lost " . i have completely solved the problem activating my phone card pin code . i turn on the phone , wait on the pin code screen without entering it for a minute and then i enter the pin : everything is perfect . i think the problem can be also solved killing and restarting the launcher but i did not test .
have you moved them to or from the sd card ? my app icons disappear from my home screen when they are moved .
i sometimes have this problem with my lg optimus v . i used to re-install the app ( s ) , now i just reboot the phone again--works 9 times out of 10 ( and with those odds , the a second reboot handles that 10th time ) .
use an alternative browser like flashfox . its selling point is the fact that it plays flash . source : installed flashfox , opened a random channel on micromusic .net, there were sounds !
i am assuming you mean www.micromusic.net? it seems that the site uses flash to play the music , which is not supported on android at all . you had have to get the developers of the site to provide other options for listening to the stream .
there is no way to know for sure unless you view logcat . use adb which comes with android sdk and execute the command logcat . i usually do the following steps to find out what causes an application to crash : enable usb debugging ( settings -> developer options -> usb debugging ) plug in usb cable to your phone and connect it to your machine . run adb logcat run the application and try to make it crash while viewing the logcat .
i installed a skype 2.6.0.95 apk ( which is an earlier version ) and it works now .
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
the problem fixed itself when i removed all google accounts and added a new device ( a new nexus 7 ! ) to my account .
error rpc:s-5:aec-0 is known issue and many are facing the same issue as you . check : google play error [ rpc:s-5:aec-0 ]
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
i have a galaxy s4 and use connectbot to connect to my ssh server and setup a port forward via the client to port 8080 . then setup firefox to use the socks proxy by just going to about:config and entering the following : hope this helps !
as pointed out by al 's comment above , it is not a question of which browser does support it , but rather of how to enable it . and as sachin 's comment suggests , available solutions depend on whether your device is rooted ( more and better possibilities ) or not . non-rooted devices as long as it is for the browser only , there are multiple easy solutions . so does e.g. http proxy settings give you access to the hidden http proxy settings the android system itself has available . for more than browsers , asproxy might be a choice -- but it is not for free . it even provides a by-pass for e.g. local networks -- so you can decide which addresses are routed via proxy , and which can be accessed directly . rooted devices first-choice obviously is proxydroid : highly rated , it offers a hell of features : support http / https / socks4 / socks5 proxy support basic / ntlm / ntlmv2 authentication methods individual proxy for only one or several apps multiple profiles support bind configuration to wifi 's ssid / mobile network ( 2g / 3g ) widgets for quickly switching on/off proxy low battery and memory consumption ( written in c and compiled as native binary ) bypass custom ip address dns proxy for guys behind the firewall that disallows to resolve external addresses pac file support ( only basic support , thanks to rhino ) and , another big plus : this app is open source and free !
further to my comment , i had a look into the underlying android code . i have a possible answer , but with no less than four major caveats and obstacles : i have not tried it , because i do not have any suitable usb devices to hand . you need a new permission the permission requires that you are a system app the code requires access to something not in the public api forget about this if deploying ordinary after-market apps ! the first prerequisite is that you have the MANAGE_USB permission . that is described here . however in turn the prerequisites for that are that you sign with the system key , and you install your app into /system/app . anyway , if you are ok with that , here 's some code : mDevice is the device from before . uid is your own app 's uid and you can look that up . an example of how to do that is the first answer here . all good ? no . ServiceManager is android.os.ServiceManager and thus is not a public api . that , in this example , is your way to getting your hands on the IUsbManager service ( there may be other routes ) . now , getting around that is beyond the scope of my answer ; in the old days you could use reflection , but i do not know if you still can . after all of those shenanigans , it looks like you do not need to request permission any more , and if you do , it will return immediately with no dialog .
this question and answer is basically a duplicate of stackexchange-url see the above link for an example program and more in depth discussion . as far as i know , there are two ways to get the usb permission box popup : request permission explicitly from your application using usbmanager . requestpermission ( . . . ) register an intent-filter on your accessory and let the system ask for permission when the device is attached in the case of 1 i have found that the checkbox on the popup to remember the permission has no effect . for me , i removed all code related to permissions from my software and simply put the intent-filter in my manifest . when the usb device is plugged in , if it has not already been granted permission then the usb permission box will popup . if the user clicks ok without checking the remember box , then the box will popup again the next time the device is connected . however if the user checks the box and presses ok then the box should never display again ( unless the software is uninstalled and then reinstalled ) . i am not sure if there is a bug somewhere related to your device showing up as /dev/bus/usb/001 and then 002 etc - let me know if you are using the intent-filter , as without that the remember checkbox will do nothing . i do not know of any way that you can avoid the permission popup altogether . i suspect there is no way to do it without digging into the android code like you said .
check your internal memory . it will not be increased but the apps will take less load on internal memory . and there will be better stability .
ddlj1 and builds starting from dd are the roms basically made for indian based samsung models . these are official update pushed by samsung called ota updates . for more info on samsung 's builds you ca refer http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/1/
yes , you can plug a usb stick to your samsung galaxy s2 , provided that you have an samsung micro usb to usb adapter . for better results , connect your usb stick to the adapter , before connecting it to your phone . see the official samsung galaxy sii accessories for further information . note : usually within the phone box , samsung sends a micro usb to usb cable . the samsung micro usb to usb adapter can also be found at amazon : different in aspect from the one on the website .
i believe you are still want to use the google play store to grab some apps , are you ? if you disable talk , the play store will not working properly ( no auto updating , can not download any app . . . ) , so i recommend you use the method below : hit : setting > application > manage application . navigate and click on google apps . then click on “clear data” button . press " ok " on the pop-up dialog . then find gmail and talk under manage application , click " clear data " as well . after you have done the above , please head to " account and sync settings " and press your account , then press menu > sync now then it should pop up for you to re-enter the password .
even if you do have gps enabled it is only used when you are using an application that is actually requiring gps location services . so the best way to get your apps to use gps location is turning on gps by default .
if you do not want to pay for tasker or locale , you can use automateit , which is free and has the same idea , though it offers much fewer triggers and actions , it does allow you to enable or disable the gps when you start or end an app .
take a look at tasker . it pretty much allows you to automate and set rules for everything on your phone based on times of the day , what apps you are using , your location . . . you can set a profile to automatically turn your gps on or off based on almost any condition you can imagine .
i published a github entry for the gpstoggler quite some time ago . to enable/disable gps you need root . period . http://github.com/sms2000/gpstoggler some antivirus and automatic system backup applications conflict with the gpstoggler . i am investigating this problem .
you can use the " auto-enable gps for maps " application , which switches both wifi and gps on when you launch maps , navigation , local or latitude , and restores them to their old state ( e . g . switched off ) when you quit these apps .
switching to 2g when there is no need to use 3g networks is also increasing the battery life .
the biggest thing i have seen is to dim the backlight as much as possible ( while remaining comfortable for your eyes ) , as well as lowering screen time-out length . another big killer is to stay connected to wifi or 3g with a very weak signal . if it is at the point of losing connection and reconnecting repeatedly , it will eat through the battery very quickly .
in general , i believe reducing use of vibration helps save battery life on a phone . so for the incredible , i even disabled the feature of vibrating when entering keystrokes . here are some good tips from wikihow .
find any other app you can and install it . once installed exit the marketplace . then go back and try installing the angry birds app again . this usually fixes most marketplace issues . if it still does not work go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> find the marketplace app and click on it . then click clear data . make sure it cleared cache too , if not clear cache . then reboot . then run the marketplace and try again . these tips should help .
probably the most detailed error message you had be able to get would be the logcat logs . you can use a terminal emulator on the phone and just type in ' logcat ' shortly after the installation , you can use a market app called alogcat , or you can use the android sdk from the computer , open a command prompt and navigate to the tools directory of the sdk and run : adb shell  and then logcat  another thing you can check would be to ensure you do not have another version installed . sometimes if you download an . apk file and install it using a file manager , then try to download a different version ( or even the same version ) of the app via the market , it will fail with that error as well .
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
i have not tried this myself , but it should be possible with tasker and ( optionally ) the secure settings addon – provided there is some automated way to let the device know you are in " driving mode " . this could either be the car 's bluetooth ( if any ) , or some nfc tag you place in your car to toggle that state ( the latter could be used to toggle a custom variable or the " state" ) . with those pre-conditions met , setup your profile ( s ) corresponding to your " identifier " . with bluetooth : condition : bluetooth device connected task : turn off keyguard ( will revert to the previous state , i.e. re-enable keyguard , as soon as the condition is no longer met , i.e. your device no longer connected to the car ) . with nfc , slightly different , your task should toggle keyguard – so it turns it of on first read of the tag , and turns it back on when reading the tag again . with keyguard turned off , there is no pattern or pin lock anymore , and the device should react as if you had unlocked it . you can toggle keyguard with tasker itself ; however , the secure settings addon gives you additional control . check out what fits you best ; above " pseudo-profile " should get you started : )
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
what you need is a software which acts as an upnp control point on your new phone , and a media renderer with push on the old phone . a control point is capable of exactly what you need : browse media server ( your desktop ) in the same way as you do with your old phone currently , but it does not play itself , instead it tells the renderer " hey , start streaming that url " . then it just observes the renderer and can control the playback ( if renderer supports being controlled ) . that " being controlled " part is called " media push": instead of browsing the server from renderer directly , the controller tells the renderer what to do . finding a control point for android should be easy ( i will not present any suggestions , just google " android upnp control point" ) . there is a solid chance that imediashare is a control point already . but i am afraid that renderer with push for android is hard to find . it essentialy means that the phone must sit on the network with opened server socket , doing nothing , waiting for commands . and that is perhaps problematic with android . i already answered one question here on a similar matter and the asker did not report any conclusion . you are welcome to pioneer the search for such android app :- )
yes . there are many applications available in google play store . the most powerful automation app is tasker , which i use and recommend to others . you can also try battery saver applications like juice defender , and deep sleep battery saver . in tasker , define the context as Display off with task Disable net . then you are done ! if you are in need of more tasker profiles , go here .
you can see the advantages from the developer 's home page . superuser elite is the premium version of superuser . it unlocks several premium features within superuser , including : pin protection – secure your superuser prompt with a pin number so that nobody but you can grant superuser rights to apps access timeout – allow an app to maintain superuser rights for a set amount of time , so that you can allow certain apps access without having to remember them or press allow multiple times ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) . advanced log management – set the log to only store a certain number of entries before deleting the oldest entry . you also gain the ability to set certain apps to not log at all . advanced notification management – set which apps send notifications and which apps don’t toast notification placement – if you choose to use toast notifications instead of status bar notifications , you gain the ability to set where the notification will appear ; top , bottom , or center of the screen , or the default location
i deleted all the apps that could not be found . then you can just install them again , like onik suggested . apps that you purchased are linked to your account , so the market keeps track of them , even after deleting them . purchases that you delete will be organized in the not installed section of your my apps list .
i was just suffering from the same issue with an exchange 2010 server . the problem was server-side not client-side . upon investigating the event log for the exchange role , i noticed the following error entry : exchange activesync verfügt nicht über ausreichende berechtigungen zum erstellen des containers " cn=oliver salzburg , ou= . . . " unter dem active directory-benutzer " active directory operation failed on server . something . de . this error is not retriable . additional information : zugriff verweigert . active directory response : 00000005: secerr : dsid-031521d0 , problem 4003 ( insuff_access_rights ) , data 0 " . stellen sie sicher , dass der benutzer über geerbte berechtigungen verfügt , die ' domain\exchange servers ' erteilt wurden , um für objekte vom typ " msexchangeactivesyncdevices " die befehle ' inhalte auflisten ' , ' untergeordnetes objekt erstellen ' und ' untergeordnetes objekt löschen ' auszuführen , und dass der benutzer über keine verweigerten berechtigungen verfügt , die diese vorgänge blockieren . details:%3 english version exchange activesync does not have sufficient permissions to create the " cn= , ou= , dc=thenet , dc=gen , dc=nz " container under active directory user " active directory operation failed on . thenet . gen . nz . this error is not retriable . additional information : access is denied . active directory response : 00000005: secerr : dsid-031521d0 , problem 4003 ( insuff_access_rights ) , data 0 " . make sure the user has inherited permission granted to domain\exchange servers to allow list , create child , delete child of object type " msexchangeactivesyncdevices " and does not have any deny permissions that block such operations . it boils down to a permissions issue for the exchange server . it is not allowed to change the activesync settings in the active directory . to resolve this , follow these steps : open active directory users and computers . click view and then check advanced features . navigate to the user that is causing the issue ( the location is noted in the event log entry ) and open the properties for the user . go to the security tab and click advanced . check the checkbox include inheritable permissions and click ok .
it is understandable that your battery life will decrease when you run 4.4 on an older device like the s2 . but that is strange . try identifying the process like the other users suggested . i would also suggest greenify , an app that can put processes and apps into automatic hibernation , decreasing their cpu toll .
interesting ! never seen a phone that did not list ' screen ' as biggest drain . i would try uninstalling apps until it is fixed , my theory being that some cheesy app ( spyware ? ) keeps calling home . start with the running apps list--anything running that should not be ? got gps turned off ? how much free storage do you have on the phone ? if the phone 's memory is nearly full it will overwork itself , in my experience , perhaps defragging . if none of that fixes it to your satisfaction then i would wipe the phone clean and start over . let us know what you find out !
that is very interesting . have you looked for the " unknown " app in your application manager ? that may shed some light on the subject , if it can or can not be found anywhere in there . other than that , look at some recently downloaded apps , see if they have any weird numbers in the app manager . a very puzzling problem indeed .
if you are rooted , i would recommend downloading better battery stats ( or wakelock detector ) from the google play store , and finding the name of the ' mad ' processes . if you are not rooted , i recommend you root as other apps can not access battery stats as of android os version 4.4 .
/proc is not a real filesystem , so the ' files ' in it can not be changed by normal means . rather , it gives file-like access to the system state . the only way to change what it reports is to actually change the system : in this case , that means flashing your device with an engineering rom instead of a production rom .
i found out that it is possible to just run vncserver on the client - and it " just works " .
xperia™ function tester app i would suggest trying this official application to find out the information you needed .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
yes , it is possible with the current beta build of chrome . it works exactly the same way it does on the desktop .
if you are using the google play music app ( which is the stock music player in many phones , and is available for phones running android 2.2 up if not ) to play your music then this google support article " copy music files directly from your computer " says : if your music files have accompanying artwork in.jpeg format , rename the art file albumart.jpg and include it in the same folder as your music files .
a bit of a hack , inconvenient and i am not even sure if it would work : download juice defender , set it to always keep data disabled and later check how much battery it claims to have saved you . as for the wifi , on my phone ( xperia neo v , 2.3 . ? ) , it is a separate entry on the battery usage panel . maybe you used it so little that it is not even displayed ( probably &lt ; 0.5% ) ?
it is either restored when you first configure your android account on the device and accept the cloud backup , or not at all . there is no way to trigger it manually except for factory-resetting and re-configuring the account ( sometimes it even requires to use a different sim to trigger a complete restore , as one user reported ; i just cannot find the reference at the moment ) . you will find a lot of details in the answers to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? .
i heard that it is a hardware ability in phones which should provide electricity for usb devices to run . also most of the sony phones support it but few samsungs devices . i have a galaxy young . by the way , i now see this page . the new developer claims the young is an o.t. g device . . . i hope so .
there is no way to enable usb otg on samsung galaxy y duos . thats all i know so far .
install rescan media , and see if that helps . rescan media is a simple app will rescan your mobile phone for new files that usually happens on a system re-boot . it only calls the android media scanner .
because long pressing the power button on all most any android device ( if not all ) will reboot the device . it is meant to be the restart button in case on a device something goes wrong , you have the option to hard reset the device . to correctly shut down a device you have to tap the power button and select the option to power of , or if you are in cwm select " power off device " , or i think you can shut it down using adb to .
i do not own a galaxy sii . however according to this thread it seems the problem lies in the usb port as when it is replaced the issue has been resolved .
with mine , clearing dust out of the usb port with a pin and then plugging a charger in and out a few times fixed the issue . so it is not necessarily a bug in the software . perhaps android os 4.0 . x has a new feature to detect and report voltage problems when charging , while previous versions did not ( and any software " fix " will just disable this feature ) .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose “wipe cache partition” from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n . º 3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq — update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . it’s not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your device’s model number in settings » about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it won’t receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
i went to sprint yesterday because all of a sudden i am having this frustrating problem . i was told that it is a software issue and nothing more . an email from the higher-ups directed techs not to switch out phones because the problem is going to persist ( until samsung fixes the software ) .
is it face unlock you are asking about ? if so , there is a handy guide here . it requires your phone to be rooted and have clockworkmod recovery installed . here are the installation instructions from the link : installation instructions before you proceed with setting up face unlock on your galaxy s2 , make sure that your phone : is rooted , has clockworkmod recovery installed , and is running android 4.0.3 ice cream sandwich firmware build xxkp8 . if your phone meets those requirements , you can follow these steps : 1 . download the face unlock update file to your computer and then copy the downloaded zip file to your sd card . get the file here . 2 . turn off your mobile phone and reboot it into recovery mode . you can do this by pressing the volume up and ok buttons . press both buttons at the same time and then press the power button . 3 . if you are already in recovery mode , proceed by selecting “wipe data/factory reset” and “wipe cache partition” . 4 . reboot your device by selecting “reboot system now” from the recovery menu . 5 . reboot your device again into recovery mode . 6 . from the menu , select “install zip from sd card” , then ” choose zip from sd card” , and then choose the face unlock zip file which is on your phone . after you have selected the file , installation will start . 7 . after installation , your device will again display the recovery mode screen . select “reboot system now” to reboot the phone . take note that this time , restarting your device will take much longer . on the other hand , you can also opt to update this package from clockworkmod recovery .
has your friend modified the linkify app that implements the app associations ? typically both the linkify app that actually performs the association and the settings app where you set them are signed by the system signing key . if the linkify app was replaced with a modified version not signed by the system signing key , which is possible if you unlock and root your device , i imagine it would have trouble accessing the settings .
as your device is stock , something likely became corrupted in the file system and a factory reset is about your only option . you will lose all your data , unless your phone will still communicate with a computer . if so , you may be able to use kies to back up your data from the phone first . to factory reset : enter recovery power off the device . press and hold the volume up key and the home button while powering up the phone . hold these keys until the android recovery screen appears . use your volume keys to navigate to wipe cache partition . press the power button to choose this option . this will not destroy your data and may allow it to boot normally . select reboot system with the volume keys and press power . it will reboot and hopefully work . if it does not , follow the next step . enter recovery mode as described above . select " wipe data/factory reset " with the volume keys and press power to select it . this will delete all data from your device . be sure you backed up anything important . now reboot the system and it should be back to stock with everything working again . if you used kies to backup your data , now you can restore it .
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
on my spica ( samdroid froyo mod ) , there are two stock voice caller , the android 's stock " voice dialer " ( com.android.voicedialer ) : on the stock android voice dialer , when you start the voice dialer app and then speak " call " , this shows up : the stock voice dialer can be cancelled by pressing the highlighted " cancel " button . the voice dialer does not automatically call the contact , it waits for you to tap on the contact 's name to start the call . the other voice caller is using google-branded " voice search " ( com.google.android.voicesearch ) : when you tap on the voice search button on the google search widget and then speak " call " this screen shows up : the google-branded voice search automatically dial after a short delay the spoken contact , and you can tap " cancel " before the spinning highlighting is out to cancel the call without leaving missed calls . i am not sure which voice dialer you are using , can you clarify ?
at least honeycomb allows user to encrypt all data ( see article on http://www.netbooklive.com/android-honeycomb-can-encrypt-all-your-data-7497/ ) . you can export all your contacts from the application ( tap in contacts app on menu , then import/export and choose export to sd card )
i presume that cpu_hotplug means hotplug cpu governor is enabled in your system . hotplug cpu governor can make cpu core online or offline based on total system load . so , it might be possible that your other two cores are offline at the moment . you can check the exact cpu cores by , $ cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/present this will display total cores on your system . or you can do " ls /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*" then see cpu0 , cpu1 , . . . directories . those are your different cores . if you can not find 4 cores ( 0,1,2,3 ) in that directory , than there is some problem with your system . you can change the cpu governor to some other for example , ondemand to utilize all four cores . but it may use more battery . i hope this helps . [ update ] also , if you are referring to set the default kernel command line from configuration then it is available at , symbol : cmdline [ = ] type : string prompt : default kernel command string defined at arch/arm/kconfig:1766 location : -> boot options in kernel menuconfig window . generally in android , kernel commandline is part of boot image and not this default one , but you can still try that out . if bootloader is passing the kernel command line string than this configuration will be ignored . good luck .
you can try sony pccompanion this will install the driver for your device . or flashtool after installing you will find the driver in the path you installed flashtool . mostly C:\Flashtool\Drivers note : enable debugging mode in xperia and connect in msc mode .
the bravia engine would need to be included in the new rom you are installing . it is a software screen enhancement . http://allenramos.blogspot.ie/2013/05/enhance-your-android-phones-display-w.html?m=1 the sony mobile bravia engine 3 is a video enhancement program for sony phones . it uses filters and algorithms to create a clearer and more contrasted picture and an overall smoother experience . alternatively there are often flashable zip file mods for the bravia engine for different devices .
first , this often just a simple problem . little balls of lint and debris can gather inside the headphone jack . this can cause the plug not to seat fully into the jack . this will prevent the system from recognizing that headphones were connected . i have to clean mine out every few months . i just use on of the little plastic dental picks to pull the lint out . also , since this is not an official miui rom , it could be a problem with the port . try contacting the rom maintainer through the forum where you obtained the rom .
some badly developed apps can cause device wakes . try uninstalling or freezing suspicious apps . check the logs to see what is causing this .
you will need the android sdk and your phone 's appropriate drivers so you can use fastboot adb and pull the files manually . here 's how to get into fastboot mode : pull battery and reinsert hold vol down , press and release pwr button ( continue holding vol down ) you should see a menu with the following options : fastboot , recovery , clear storage , and simlock ; select fastboot . here is a fantastically detailed guide for how to recover files ( post #22 ) : http://www.galaxyforums.net/forum/galaxy-s2-help/6232-screen-cracked-need-recover-very-important-data-3.html to address the custom recovery question : if the op is running 4.2 , he/she is most likely running a custom rom and therefore a recovery , as the latest official build from samsung for this device was 4.1.2 ( at least on the sprint and at and t versions ) . hope this helps !
i am pretty sure by factory resetting all your apps are lost . what you can do is login your account in play store and click my apps , and redownload all your lost stuff again . i am not sure though if plugging in an sd card will solve your issue with downloading apps , but when my phone with ics did not have an sd card even though it has an internal storage , it would not let me capture photos . my bet is , yes you need to plugin an sd card . try borrowing one first and see if that solves your problem , then buy one . i think you should definitely buy one though , for your media like music , photos and videos . one more thing , if you do not want to lose apps , i suggest you download appmonster . it saves your applications as apk files in your external storage . what does this mean ? you can backup all your apps , revert to older versions of applications , and even save app memory . just uninstall the apps you do not need and install them whenever you need them . all this , without having to go to the play store .
buying a new sd card will not solve the problem . in android phones , all applications are installed in internal memory . some apps/games which ask for big data to be downloaded from the net also save the data in internal memory . so , if you insert external memory card in your device , then still you face same problem . to solve this , first you need a external sd card ; at least 8gb more would be better . then , you need to configure your device so that it forcibly installs all data on external sd card . for more information , read this .
yes , it is different . just like google search google play search uses different settings for every person , just like rat2000 said .
it is not the same . for countries . google search is not the same for you and a friend or your neighbor . google keeps data for every person that uses that services and determines what he might like or might not like . at a country level based on all the search that you made and the citizens it decides what you or another citizen might like . basically it is all very connected and there are very powerful algorithms that determine what a user might need based on the location he is , the nationalyti , the previous searches , his friend searches , everything matters more or less .
i had the same problem a while back . make sure USB Debugging is disabled in the developer options menu .
open a terminal in ubuntu ( ctrl+alt+t ) and type this commands : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  then , launch software updater ( previously known as update manager ) and install the available updates . afther you pdate everything restart pc . if you want to revert back before making any changes : sudo ppa-purge ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp  next time , i think you should ask this is askubuntu . com since it is more of a linux specific problem then android .
have you tried connecting the phone using the usb mass storage option on the device ? i usually do that with my s2 to work .
one of my pcs was having this same problem while my other laptop was without any problem , i have notice that the problem would disappear after i re-install the samsung mobile driver back . i am not sure why this was a problem . i think that the problem is with windows , since another pc could detect it without any issues .
it seems that all that i needed to do was reboot my pc . once i rebooted my pc had no problems installing the mtp driver for the device .
a solution is to use number saver which automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it .
sure can . assuming you have already copied the phone number you are looking to dial , just long press on the area of the dialer where the number appears and choose " paste " . ( tested on a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 )
my solution to your other question at save a number during a phone call could also be a shortcut to this problem : paste the number in a note application that supports phone hyperlinks and click on it .
we can use the standard copy paste mechanism . type any digit , say 0 . long tap on it to select . now the copy paste options should appear . on my samsung s duos 2 , just long tap too works , but i have to choose the exact area where the numbers appear .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
i had this same problem and this fixed it go to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) /lib " and delete . install/update the apk app . if this does not work try going to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) " and delete all the folder ( but you must begin by their sub-folder then the folder itself , because you cant delete the folder of this app-path directly without deleting their sub-folder first the reason for this is that for android 4.2 , + google create a new lib folder for the apps in "/data called /data/app-lib/" and there is a symlink from "/data/data/app-path/lib " to this folder which is the most culpable of this error . i came by this knowledge here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2443267 like i said it worked for me . .
the built-in gallery app does not show photos in a tree structure : it just has albums . when you copy files in directly , it normally just puts each folder of photos in an album with that photo 's name . when another app adds photos to the gallery , it can specify what album ( s ) to put it in , according to what the app knows about the picture . if you want to browse photos by their folder structure , do not use the built-in gallery app . there are a lot of third-party photo viewing apps on google play , so pick one you like and use that instead .
you have mistakenly activated " talkback " , a google service for blind/visually impaired users . to deactivate : open " settings " -> under " system " open " accessibility " -> open " talkback " -> slide the slider in the upper right corner to " off "
i had this while using " go launcher ex notifications " seems it was running two notifications at the same time , made a conflict , so i uninstalled and it seems fine . htc desire .
i do not have a legend , nor htc , but some googling turned these out : http://androidforums.com/htc-droid-eris/59163-process-com-htc-bg-has-stopped-unexpectedly-please-try-again-wtf.html http://www.incredibleforum.com/forum/htc-incredible-help/224-error-message-com-htc-bg.html apparently it is related to facebook sync .
i have also experienced this problem with an exchange account . my solution was to remove the account completely and re-add it .
there is an opensource application sipdroid , which theoretically could be modified to do proxying . but , judging from the poor general android sip experience , i would think it would be very unreliable solution . easier way to workaround greedy cell providers seems to set up an ip pbx on the home computer , or get a free account at freepbxes . org and get a cheap sip-connected phone number to eventually route your calls thru while using your " travel " device 's sip connection to terminate calls .
go to : settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks . make sure the " data roaming " checkbox is unchecked . that will keep you from roaming accidentally , since you will have to enable it . if you want to enable it and use roaming lightly , there are some apps in the market that will track your data usage for you . however , in my experience roaming abroad has been so expensive that even roaming for a few minutes of data is not worth it . i usually either try to find a public hotspot or get a prepaid sim card with data .
make sure to use wifi whenever possible . no data is consumed when you are connected via the wifi antenna .
it is a very simple tool , but i like apndroid to totally disable data while leaving basic phone functionality intact . it has a nice toggle widget . there are also settings that can help with this . on my nexus one , there are settings here : settings -> wireless and network settings -> mobile networks your mileage may vary depending on your model . you can play with those settings to disable roaming or data .
i realize this is a commercial plug , but i am merely a happy customer , not part of the business . . . anyway , i rented a sim card from http://iphonetrip.com , and got data while travelling in mexico ( i live in the us ) . it worked well !
it seems like you are making this problem for yourself . as designed , apps can ask android to notify them when a network connection appears or disappears . some apps might want to be notified when they are running in the foreground , but some apps might need to be notified whether they were already running or not . this is necessary for the correct functioning of the app . it would not normally cause any lag , because background services always run at a lower priority than the foreground app . when an app finishes running normally , android caches it in ram , so that next time it starts ( whether it is a foreground activity or a background service ) , it can start immediately , using less battery . but if you routinely force-stop apps , or use a " task killer " or the " background process limit " option in the developer settings to stop them , then next time the same app starts , android has to spend time and energy loading it from storage again , causing lag . so my recommendation for how to stop your phone lagging when you connect to wi-fi is that you should let android do its own job of managing processes , and stop trying to micromanage it . leave that force-stop button for cases where a buggy app has gone out of control . for more information on why task killers slow your phone down , see the answers to how can i stop applications and services from running ?
install widgetlocker lockscreen . it allows to add homescreen widgets on lockscreen . update : htc widgets can not be added to widgetlocker , but third-party general widgets can be . so , install beautiful widgets app , first . it has exact htc flip-clock alternative .
most rooting techniques require you to connect the phone to a pc via usb in order to unlock the bootloader , so you will not be able to root the phone this way without a working usb port . some phones have security vulnerabilities which allow you to root the phone from an app ( such as framaroot ) , but this only applies to specific phones and specific firmware versions which have such a bug . it is certainly possible for a port to only charge and not transfer data . in a usb port , there are two data pins , a +5v power pin , and ground . if either of the two data pins are broken or not connected properly , you can still transfer power over the power connection , but no data can be transferred . most likely these pins were not soldered correctly when your new usb port was added .
this answer on stack overflow suggests that it could be a permissions issue , the user that is attempting to start the adb server cannot access the file . could you try moving the sdk to a folder that is not within your users area and see if you can start it then ?
i ended up flashing custom kernel from here ( for "#1.8 . android version 4.1.2 , jelly bean . " ) : http://androidforums.com/galaxy-s2-international-all-things-root/482994-rooting-galaxy-s2-dummies-guide.html then i was able to attempt installation of cyanogenmod 11 , snapshot m7 , which did not work ( but that is another story ) . just leaving this note here if anyone comes from google search with the same problem . the corner stone was that i expected my phone to enter recovery mode with [ home ] + [ volume down ] + [ power ] combo , i.e. that cwm recovery overrides download mode . in reality , these two modes are independent of each other . to enter recovery mode , use [ home ] + [ volume up ] + [ power ] . you do not need cwm to enter recovery mode , but the default feature set is limited , so yes , better get cwm . regarding cyanogenmod 11 installation , according to another question here on android . stackexchange , it requires cwm v6.0.4.5 to run . problem is that officially cwm does not support my samsung galaxy s2 i9100m ( and even the version i am supposed to download for a generic/international s2 off their website is like v5.8 . x . x ) , so i would need to find a custom built cwm . cwm completely replaces the default recovery mode . tried latest philz touch , but it did not work . actually it did not work so badly , that i had to flash original image from samsung (sammobile.com). go in recovery , clear data ( factory reset ) , clear cache . make sure the os starts ( goes into init/setup mode - after factory reset ) . flash custom kernel siyah-s2-v6.0b5 . tar , do cwm restore , to bring phone back to shape . for reference , in my attempt to install cyanogenmod 11 i soft bricked my phone 9-10 times already , with a total of 1 full working day spent on this campaign ( 8 hours ) .
it is entirely up to the drive and enclosure . the usb mass storage protocol does not have disk-specific instructions , e.g. for spinning up and down drives . the only thing you can do from the android side is make sure the files are not in use : e.g. by adding a .nomedia file as you already found .
i think this is really an issue with some driver/software or less expectingly hardware . both me and my wife have the sony tipo and at her phone ( blue edition ) is reporting a wrong amount of free space ( 177mb free , 1,2 gb used ) were my phone ( white edition ) is reporting a more accurate amount of free space ( 1,1 gb free , 0,9 used ) . beside the color of both phones is different there is no difference in sw versions . the only difference in usage i can imagine is that she is rebooting her phone quite often ( daily ) and i am only chaging phone volume in the night . maybe there is a problem with bad memory blocks on the sdcard , although i do not want to root her phone and do not know whether it is possible to see it another way .
the internal storage is also used to store system apps , and the data from system apps . it is possible that most of the space is going to system apps , and sony is quite bad for including loads of bloatware .
not a solution , but look at the difference between an apps memory usage when its on the internal memory , then on the phone memory . i have an app taking up 1.39 mb on the internal , move it to phone and suddenly it is 33 mb . why it hides all this memory i do not know .
devices with internal sd cards / memory ( for instance , my galaxy s3 has 16gb ) , are split into many partitions . 4gb goes for os/bootloader/recovery/system/etc 12gb is partitioned into /dev/mmcblk0p15 and mounted on /data /data contains 4 main folders : /data/app /data/data /data/dalvik-cache /data/media /sdcard ( aka your user-available storage ) is not a real partition , its actually a ' symlink ' of sorts to /data/media so the settings-> storage ( and a lot of apps , eg ; es file manager ) , will report 12gb as your " total " partition size for /sdcard , even though your " sdcard " actually has 12gb - app - data - cache = 10.5gb ( in my case ) space available to it . you need to be rooted , and use an app called " diskusage " from google play . . it will show you where your used space is going . hope that helps !
try this . . . hook your android device on any pc . . . plug it in and turn on usb storage . . . and then right click on the device and then choose properties and then choose tools tab . . . run error checking and then let check both automatically fix system errors and scan and attempt to recover bad sectors . . . after this go to the root of your memory there would be a hidden folder named found . 000 . . . delete that and youll be problem free . . .
your phone keeps the thumbnails of all the photos that go through your phone . connect it to your computer and delete all the contents of the folder called " . thumbnail " in the internal storage . you should find that folder inside the dcim folder .
i hate when that happens . it happened to me more times than i could count while i was traveling through western maryland ( and it is even worse when the phone mysteriously switches from 4g to 1x and refuses to go back to 4g or even 3g ) . . . anyway , there are three things you can try . the first , obvious one is to relocate the phone to somewhere that you get a better signal . this may not help much at all if you are in a fringe coverage area and in a residence , but it is definitely something you should attempt . next , to force the phone to reconnect to the network , just toggle airplane mode on and off . ( btw , do not bother with any of those so-called " network signal booster " apps . all they do is toggle airplane mode on and off , hiding the notification bar so you can not see what it is doing . ) this is probably your best bet . in my experience this will get your high speed connection back most of the time , but you still are not guaranteed to keep it long enough to finish your download . your phone also has a secret menu which can be accessed by entering *#*#4636#*#* into the dialer . in this menu you can view various statistics about the mobile data connection , as well as change which network types the device will try to connect to . ( the exact types vary by device and firmware revision , and i do not have a droid 3 on hand , so you will just have to look and see for yourself . ) in my experience , though , this did not help much ; the phone would just give me no data service instead of 1x , or refuse to connect to 3g/4g , or to any network at all . also , be careful in this menu ; if you change a setting and do not know what to change it back to , you could completely kill your ability to connect to the network , requiring a factory reset .
you can not do that since it has been coded in program level you can not change the prefix dsc in all photos . you need to have the code for the apk and change the prefix string and build an apk then only you can do that cheers . . . . . .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
if you are asking if you can do remote desktop on a phone and also have the phone output to a tv , the answer 's yes . i use remote desktop enterprise on my device ( samsung galaxy s vibrant ) , and my device supports some sort of output from the usb port to hdmi as well as wireless dlna .
i have installed rockplayer from the android market on my nexus one , limited testing for avi , divx and mkv formats has been successful . have yet to check wmv 's .
the only one i am aware of is yxflash , and i was not too impressed by it - the video was quite choppy . i am looking forward to the upcoming android version of coreplayer , though , because i was able to play smooth divx videos with its predecessor tcpmp on my tungsten t5 with a fraction of the power my nexus one had . edit : i just saw that there is a new media player out for android called rockplayer that will play divx and wmv . i have not had a chance to test it though .
i have done it with both arcmedia and moboplayer to view these . wmvs play fine with this . an alternative is do send it to your gmail and watch it from the gmail app or to upload it to picasa and view it in the gallery or through the browser . in both cases the video is converted in transit to something the video player understands .
check this xda post . it has an apk for a 4.2 aosp browser . note : install at your own risk .
first of all , if you are not using knox you do not need to worry about the triangle status . second , to use triangleaway you have to be rooted , with supersu . if the google play version does not work , try the latest beta v1.99r3 which should fix many seandroid related issues . in fact it is highly recommended that you get rooted , so that you can remove both knox , ota updates , and the triangle , before you will receive the next ota update which may completely lock down your device . if you have never flashed your phone , and it is showing the triangle , you have either received a refurbished device or you have been cheated by the seller . the triangle is an indication that a otp ( one time programmable ) fuse has been blown in the past , due to flashing .
you can remove the account that it " defaults " to and try to re-add the account . i think there is some type of bug in the newer version of the market because i have the same issue from time to time . it is not the " default " account , and i have like 8 accounts on the device ( all google accounts ) but it always wants to use this one . i found that it " fixes " , but usually only temporarily , if i go in to the application settings and clear the data for the market app .
you will need to flash an other package after you install cwm . the galaxy siii has checks in its start up scripts that if the recovery has been modified it will replace it with the stock recovery . you can try this root package and flash it after you flash cwm . besides installing su and superuser , this removes the scripts that does the recovery check . the actual scripts that are responsible are : /system/etc/install-recovery . sh /system/etc/recovery-from-boot . p the package , that i linked , will install root , busybox , and it renames these files so they do not execute . when the device boots , these scripts run and check the recovery , if you modify it , it replaces it with stock . the only way around it is to stop these scripts from running .
android does not directly expose usb device-mode to applications , but apps can transfer data indirectly via ip when using tethering . this sometimes requires an additional custom ' proxy-like ' software/driver on the host to unwrap the data . for example to interpret ipmidi as midi on linux , multimidicast/qmidinet is needed . host-mode however , has been exposed since 3.1 ( in android . hardware . usb ) . hopefully google will eventually support device-mode ( sigh ) . see these issues in project android ( and star them if they interest you ! ) : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=10176 https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=30198
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
android devices as usb hosts has been a point of interest for all the developers . until the android 's honeycomb os ( os 3.0 ) , there have been no signs of possibility . the latest honeycomb api ( os 3.1 ) , however , seems to provide possibilities to support android devices being used as usb hosts . an api has been included for the same . therefore , though as of now very few android devices support the usb host capability , it will be possible in all the upcoming devices .
you cannot track your building 's movements with the gps . its accuracy is not better than ~10m . if your house does move that much , you will not need any hardware to detect it .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
you could also give locus map free a try . this app can import gpx fine as well , and you can use the track as " route " to be navigated on . from the app 's description : voice navigation and guiding full support for online voice navigation voice and notification guiding on single waypoint ( by compass or on the map ) and along path side-effect of locus : you can also import complete kmz files ( zipped kml ) , including images and descriptions . i use that for creating my own travel guide when going on vacation , with my personal pois and stuff researched on the web . another plus : it can work completely offline . map material can be downloaded right from within the app using different sources . as for navigation , you need to calculate the route in advance ( but importing tracks does the same ; ) . from there on , no network connection is required anymore . tested this multiple times , works great .
i have found a very promising app to solve this problem . osmand . i have been looking for a wa to import a gpx of a trail system to know where i am while dirtbiking . so far i have been able to import a gpx showing a pre-recorded map of the trail . i was also able to download the entire state road/trail map easily from the app for offline use . osmand has many other features i have not explored yet .
cuesheet paired with http://ridewithgps.com works well . on the website , you can easily plan/modify a travelling route that will then be imported in cuesheet . the route can be very complicated with many twists and turns . english turn by turn instructions are created at the same time . also , you can insert your own instructions in the list if you want . after saving the route on the website , you run the cuesheet on your phone/tablet . after you sign into your ridewithgps account using the app , you will see a list of routes you have planned on the website . pick one and it will download to your android device with its turn by turn instructions . in the app you are also given the option to download the map so there is no need of internet connection to use the guiding . it is not perfect since it can give many false off course warnings , but it is by far the best combination of flexible route planning and voice guiding i have found . it costs 4 usd for the version with voice guiding .
yes , the tech specs on htc 's site states that its platform is android 2.2 ( froyo ) .
there is a much cleaner solution to this , which will work if you have email notifications in the status bar , and can turn internet access on from the status bar widgets . i found it in this xda-developers thread ; many thanks to aps786 for getting me out of a fix . problem already solved but just for others visiting this thread , there is a way to get rid of the issue ( which worked for me ) . when there was crash in adw launcher , statusbar still works . this is to key to get back to original theme ( as you can not access settings directly to set default theme ) opened status bar , start internet . from another device ( or desktop machine ) , send a mail to yourself with google play link for the new theme you just installed your status bar will now have new mail notification ( assume its activated ) now access your mail app and open the link from the mail now you have browser app opened with google play page you will have uninsatll option for that theme . just do it . now as new theme is uninstalled , your default theme will come in picture and everything will be normal . i hope this will help others fall in similar situation after installing new theme . i suspect you could also do this using sms , whatsapp , or any messaging application that can get to your notification bar .
try installing another launcher . then press the home key and it will ask you which launcher to use . select the " new one " . then try going in to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> adw and clear the data . you will probably also want to delete the " settings backups " that are stored on the sdcard , if you created them . then you should be able to switch back to adw . if you can not get to the market to install another launcher , you will probably have to side load i using adb . or as lie ryan suggests , use the market web interface to install another launcher .
i do not really understand why anyone would prefer downloading an old version of unknown origin from a malware-ridden website to downloading the latest official version directly from google itself . i guess to each its own . here are the links to the google repository : the latest r19.0.1 version of the platform tools ( contains just adb and fastboot binaries - less than 1mb in size each ) : platform-tools_r19.0.1-windows . zip platform-tools_r19.0.1-linux . zip platform-tools_r19.0.1-macosx . zip the previous r18 version : platform-tools_r18.0.1-windows . zip platform-tools_r18.0.1-linux . zip platform-tools_r18.0.1-macosx . zip the r17 version : platform-tools_r17-windows . zip platform-tools_r17-linux . zip platform-tools_r17-macosx . zip for users of ubuntu and debian ( distributions i personally use ) i have put together a small bash script which finds and installs the latest version of the platform tools - installing android platform tools ( adb ) on ubuntu
in fact , it is not necessary to install the entire sdk if one does not want to use it for development . to be able to run basic adb commands in the context needed by an average user , a rudimentary installation is completely sufficient . i will try to explain how to do this , and hopefully cover the most used computer systems . requirements first , you will need the basic binaries . these can be found e.g. on the download page of qtadb . files have been removed there , but are available at : binaries for linux ( alternative source ) binaries for windows ( alternative source ) binaries for macos also see alex ' answer for more alternative sources . above " minimal downloads " are extracted from there , so from alex ' sources you get them first-hand and just have to extract the binaries yourselves . ( remark : qtadb is an excellent graphical tool to manage your android device , including a graphical file manager , app manager , and more . some things require your device to be rooted , though . ) windows users if your computer is running windows , you will also need the special drivers for your device ( no generic solution here , so you need to check this out yourself ; usually , those drivers are offered for download on the manufacturer 's website ) . linux and mac os users linux and mac os users might need to make their device known to their operating system . for linux , you find the necessary steps described in my answer here . not being familiar with mac os , i can not speak for it . installation linux for linux , this is quite easy : simply unpack the downloaded binaries into a directory of your choice . at the time i am writing this , this will only be two files : adb and aapt ( the latter being used by qtadb , and not necessarily needed to execute adb commands directly ) . adjust their file permissions to make them executable ( e . g . from the command line : chmod 0755 adb aapt ) . finally , it is a good idea to include the chosen directory with your $PATH variable , so you can call adb from wherever you are . a good place for that is at the end of your ~/.profile file to include an additional line like export PATH="~/bin:$PATH" ( if you extracted the binaries to ~/bin ) . windows the windows download holds a couple more files . also extract them into a directory of your choice . if you want them to be callable from wherever you are , without preceding the complete path , you need to add that path to your environment variables as well . not being a windows user , i must leave the " how to do this " to you . what else ? you should be done at this point , and can use the full powers of the adb command line . further readings everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via xda developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
i have observed that in navigation mode the routes displayed are from the current location and not between the two locations selected .
there is no particular phone that is ideal , given the app devs can choose to support whatever subset of devices they wish . the nexus devices are probably the most likely to be broadly compatible though . you can not brick with build . prop as far as i know , though you can certainly prevent your phone from booting if you change the wrong setting . make a backup of the file and do not edit anything under this line : # end build properties  just edit anything that has the device name , e.g. ' ro . product . device ' or similar . replace it with the corresponding entry from the build . prop for the device you are emulating ( extract it from the rom or see if it is been posted somewhere ) . updating any other text to be accurate ( like manufacturer ) is best too . note that changing the version of android in this file will not help , since it looks like the market polls the system directly . nothing you can do about that unfortunately . after editing , make sure /system is mounted read-only . then reboot and clear the data for the market . below is the relevant portion of my vibrant 's build . prop , with which i just got minecraft for 10 cents : ) # begin build properties # autogenerated by buildinfo . sh ro . build . id=froyo ro . build . display . id=bionix nextgen 1 by teamwhiskey ro . build . version . incremental=uvka6 ro . build . version . sdk=8 ro . build . version . codename=rel ro . build . version . release=2.2 ro . build . date=2011 . 01 . 18 . ( 화 ) 21:53:23 kst ro . build . date . utc=1295355203 ro . build . type=user ro . build . user=jaeyoon . yoon ro . build . host=sep-05 ro . build . tags=release-keys ro . product . model=sgh-t959 ro . product . brand=samsung ro . product . name=sgh-t959 ro . product . device=sgh-t959 ro . product . board=sgh-t959 ro . product . cpu . abi=armeabi-v7a ro . product . cpu . abi2=armeabi ro . product . manufacturer=samsung ro . product . locale . language=en ro . product . locale . region=us ro . wifi . channels= ro . board . platform=s5pc110 # ro . build . product is obsolete ; use ro . product . device ro . build . product=sgh-t959 # do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=sgh-t959-user 2.2 froyo uvka6 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=samsung/sgh-t959/sgh-t959/sgh-t959:2.2/froyo/uvka6:user/release-keys # samsung specific properties ro . build . pda=t959uvka6 ro . build . hidden_ver=t959uvka6 ro . build . changelist=860813 ro . tether . denied=false # end build properties
you will need to root first . without rooting your device , you will not have access to certain parts of the system , and flashing a rom might crash the device ( most roms need root ) . you can root without erasing or resetting anything , so you can continue with #2 and back stuff up before you flash your rom . configuration you will probably lose , but apps and app data can be backed up through titanium backup . the sd card will not be affected by rooting , resetting , or flashing roms . going back to the stock rom is more difficult , unless you are okay with still being rooted . after root , boot into recovery and choose Backup and Restore-&gt;Backup or similar ( different on different recovery versions ) to do a NANDROID backup . this will store an image of your original rom , and is a one step restore to normal . 3a . unrooting is entirely a more complex process and will involve re-installing your stock rom ( if you can find it online ) and deleting everything on your device . note : again , sd card will be okay , and apps can be restored with titanium backup .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
bluestacks for mac is currently in " alpha " testing , and is probably your best option at this point , although i do not believe it provides any kind of simple per-app packaging .
the easiest way to install the missing apps would probably to go to the play store on a pc and queue them up for install on the device . you will still have to look on the device and see which ones you need to reinstall ; there is not a way to simplify that process . looking at them the way you are , for the ones that have the " default icon " and the sd card is probably the easiest way to identify them . the " non-friendly " name that you see can be used to search in the google play store and you will be able to find the app from that . or you can append it to the end of the " details " url like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.biggu.shopsavvy  that will take you directly to the shop savvy app , then you can install it to the device .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
did some research on this myself before i turned on encryption on my iconia . . . the only way to decrypt the tablet is to do a factory data wipe . the ui should have gave you this warning when you chose " encrypt tablet " ( the iconia sure did ) . if you back your stuff up , wipe , and restore your backup , you should be fine . ( that is where root + titanium backup + clockworkmod + nandroid comes in handy ) this engadget post shows the ui and it is warning about the inability to decrypt .
install a file explorer , say estrongs file explorer , and you would be able to upload arbitrary file from the browser or attach files to gmail .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
for random shut downs , that is definitely a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
my wife and i each have a samsung galaxy nexus phone and i have seen this exact issue from both of our phones . the devices can get into this bizarre state where they have a dead battery , yet will not charge when plugged into a charger . on our phones the solution is to remove the battery , wait a few minutes , then insert the battery and apply power from a charger . from there we get the battery charging icon without the device powering up . have you tried disconnecting the batter from the rest of the tablet ? there is an image here showing which connector to pull : disconnect battery on samsung galaxy tab 10.1 also , some devices can power up with the battery disconnected and only connected to wall power . i am not sure if the galaxy tab 10.1 behaves in this way , but since you have already cracked the case it is worth a shot .
i remember reading where someone had a similar problem with his droid x ( software failure , and the bootloader / recovery mode does not charge the battery ) , so he provided the voltage directly long enough to flash / boot normally , then reconnected the charger and battery . if you can at least get it into the " device is off but charging the battery " mode , you should be fine from there . sorry i can not be more specific in regards to your specific tablet .
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
prolog : i faced a similar problem of a seemingly hard-bricked samsung galaxy tab ( not sure which model ; a rather modern one ) . when reading xda-developers on this matter , among many discussions of this topic , i stumbled upon an article which was slightly off-topic , but still interesting for me to look through it : it dealt with modifying the hardware at home ( jumpers , soldering ) , so that it becomes like a " developer board " ( used at samsung ) , with more special modes of operation ( here : unbrickable mod ) . and it said under " special instructions": a potential solution : the normal battery charging sequence [ after the modification ] can be activated by holding power for 4 seconds , then plugging in the device i had the crazy idea to try this on the dead device , although this was not advertised as a method to unbrick the normal , unmodified galaxy tab hardware . ( no other method had worked , like charging for many hours , or pressing various button combinations . ) my story : so i pressed the power button , held it for at least 4 secs , and then without releasing it , plugged the charger into the tab . and it powered on ! ( it was 100% charged . ) i thought about this in the following way : some error occured in the powering-on-and-charging circuit , and the described trick reset it , and forced a normal mode in it . epilog : perhaps , what did the trick was the other method mentioned here : to hold the power button , and touch the screen . i am not sure .
i found my solution . this feature is provided in go locker . it is so great , and works with google music as well ! very customizable and there are zillion of themes out there . and most important , it is free . i am sure you now think i am affiliated with them , the truth is yes , i use their products and i am addicted to them , that is it !
well what i love about android is that you can be assured you kind of get more than what you just got out of the box . you are not limited to only what has been shipped . my suggestion is go download widget locker . it allows you to add widgets on lock screens .
if your built-in music app and lock screen does not do this currently , then you can try using winamp as your player , that was the first music app i saw that added the transport controls to your lock screen . go into winamp 's settings to find this option : then it should look a bit like this when your phone is locked : these days most music apps include this feature ( i believe including google music or amazon mp3 if you are in the us ) , try searching the market for something like lock screen music control to see a selection . this feature either needs to be built into which ever app you are using to play your music ( as above ) or you need to switch to using a different lock screen that supports widgets , such as widgetlocker and then you can choose from available music control add-ons like media buttons or phantom music control .
missed the the same thing when i switched from ios to android . do not know if this solves all of your issues , but supports generic controls ( notification , widgets , etc ) for most media applications . media utilities
try n 7 player , it supports what you desire and a lot more . .
when you setup a mail for exchange , the default synchronization mode is direct push . with direct push , the device maintains an open connection so that information is delivered to the device as it becomes available . the setting for direct push in mail for exchange is called “always on . ” the alternative is a scheduled push mode where the device is set to check for new messages at a set interval . though direct push offers more up-to-the-minute message delivery , for some users , increased battery consumption may be a trade-off . if your battery is not lasting as long as you would like , set a scheduled push interval by changing the peak sync schedule and off-peak sync schedule in mail for exchange . so you can setup high-frequent mail checks with peak schedules for the time periods when you get more emails and off peak schedules when you normally do not receive more emails , ( e . g . after office hours . ) should you require how-to on setting up the schedules , refer this article .
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
i have found the solution right now ! my problem was , that i have a ft3 tablet , which 's wi-fi hates the 6th channel . it works on each other , except the 6th . i have also an alcatel ( telenor ) ot-990 phone , with android 2.2 os , which broadcasts it is network on 6th ch . when i use it as a portable wi-fi hotspot . but , finally i found an aplication called : barnacle wifi tether . if you want to change the channel : download the aplication : play store or here run the application go to : settings and you can change the channel number if you touch the start button , the app asks for root su permissions . if you are not a root su , do not worry , the phone keeps the changed channel number . . .
i am reasonably sure that you cannot change the wifi hotspot channel without firmware modification in standard android gingerbread . i have an nexus one ( android version 2.3.6 ) and i have not found any advanced menu accessible from the menu button and i have tried hitting the menu button to no avail in every wifi tethering page . i have only been able to change ssid , key and security mode .
if you are referring to the one built into froyo ( and i assume gingerbread ) , when you are creating your hostspot hit the menu button and you will see advanced options . in there you can select the channel .
it is a known issue with the applocker app : http://code.google.com/p/applocker/issues/detail?id=8 it creates too many linux processes , causing devices to slow way down due to lack of memory .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
gmail will ask you to login again if it detects change of sim card . gmail does not store your credentials in internal memory unencrypted . phone has to be rooted to read from internal memory . your phone can not be unlocked without the correct graphical pin combination .
switch off your mobile remove your mobile battery and sim card press your power button for 10 seconds replace your battery and sim card switch on your mobile issue cleared it worked for me : )
this is a problem with your phone , that it only shows the sms on your phone , not on the sim . if you go into your sms application , and check in settings , you should have an option which says something like : Manage SIM SMS . from there , you should be able to delete the sms in your sim . other option is to insert your sim in another phone ( probably an old phone will have access to your sims sms ) and try it from there . yet another optio is to try some sms management application like handcent or gosms which may enable your to erase sms from the sim , though i have not tried these applications , as it is been a long time since i lat used sms
see if this helps . i am not sure though : settings > > sound > > volumes if this does not help try this bluetooth volume app . this should do it . and you are on android 4.2 ? ! what ? ? ! afaik as of now 4.1 jelly bean is the latest . . . and 4.2 was supposed to launch in tomorrow 's google event . ( the event is apparently cancelled ) how come you are already on 4.2 ?
install mapson by coderminus . go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Preferences &gt; Configure Maps and set /sdcard/maverick/tiles/Google/ or /storage/sdcard0/maverick/tiles/Google/ as the path for the tiles of google maps . now you can use the " cache area " feature of mapson to download the tiles of selected areas . since they are stored in the maverick folder , they are used by maverick if you select " google " as the map source . this also works for other map sources if you adapt the corresponding paths in mapson .
mobile atlas creator ( mobac ) has support for google maps till 1.9beta ( the last stable version is 1.8 ) . it can be downloaded from here . using mobac instead of mapson has the following significant advantages . since the download happens in the computer rather in phone , large area downloads are quite possible . multiple zoom levels can be downloaded and even multiple maps ( like google terrain in one and regular google maps in other ) can be stored in layers . see this answer for more info .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
you could always edit your . hosts file and define the domain the info is being sent to as 127.0.0.1 . you could also use an app like titanium backup to " freeze " the app . or chmod it as non-executable yourself .
simply flash any compatible gsm rom to your phone ( look for one on xda-developers forums ) via recovery console after performing another round of wipe . whatever incompatible drivers and radios were introduced by the cdma version will be overwritten , and the phone should boot successfully . after that you can continue searching for the rom with full arabic support .
i had juice defender on my nexus 4 . when i upgraded to 4.4 , i had to uninstall it to get automatic wi-fi reconnection . still rooted , and all is well .
i found out what the problem was : on every single device there were ' battery saver ' apps installed . the devices are in my workplace , so i am not the only one who uses them and someone must have installed those apps . i did not care for them until now and they never did any harm , but they somehow must've interferred with the new 4.4 android . after uninstalling them everything is fine on all devices : )
i read that this happen to phones that are rooted , if your phone is , try to restablish to original configuration and updated it .
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
i have a huawei u8510-1 ( android 2.3.4 gingerbread ) and when i got it my battery was having a low duration between recharges . after some tests , by disabling and enabling stuff , the battery cycle started to last more , about 2x more , with the 3g disabled . for me was great since i always use wifi . but this was not enough , the battery cycle still given me a short period of time , forcing me to recharge the phone more or less every two days . the best solution that saved my day and allowed me to really save the battery , thus increasing each battery charge cycle was this app : easy battery saver free it works and really makes a difference . now i charge my phone one , max two times a week , depending on the usage . : ) so , by my personal experience , disabling 3g even if it is not being used , helps saving the battery life , but does not make that much of a difference compared to an app solution . related reading on this subject : what drains more my battery ? wifi , dataconnection ( 3g ) or gps . android how to improve battery life on your android how to save battery life on your android phone by disabling 3g
have you checked the settings for the launcher ? many launchers have this option in their settings menu . go to your home screen , press menu and choose settings . look there for a vibrate or haptic feedback option .
tasker should do the first things you asked about , but i doubt you will find anything that can recognize " tap the screen 3 times while phone 's screen is locked " or " shake the phone 3 times while it is locked " , short of writing a custom app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermhl=en tasker is a great app in general that you really should check out since it sounds like you want to do a lot of automation type stuff .
like bryan says ( i can not comment so had to add another answer . . . ) , it does not move the whole app . the size given after the move is the bit still on the internal storage - it does not give any size for the elements that have beend moved to sd . so in answer to your question , the app does not get smaller , just amount of internal storage used gets smaller .
as far as i know , it moves as much of the app as it can from the internal storage to the sd card . so for instance , databases , images , or other resources would be moved over . i do not know the exact details of how it works .
see where can i find my android applications ? on app space distribution and locations . see also what are the drawbacks of moving an app to sd card ? there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . so odex file of any app still remains and takes space in the internal storage at /data/dalvik-cache .
anytime you have a crack or gap in a device where it is not supposed to be can mean you may run into additional issues . the device will now be more prone to issues from moisture and/or dirt and it may not be as sturdy and could be more likely to break even more when moved the wrong way or dropped ( even from a lower height ) . if there are cracks in the digitizer ( the glass that you touch ) , it can cause issues with recognizing input from your fingers . and you have the possibility of glass splinters ending up in your finger ( depending on how the glass cracked ) . to help with the possibility of splinters or having it crack further , a screen protector could help ( but it is not guaranteed to prevent anything else ) . but the act itself of being cracked ( as long as it did not cause internal hardware damage or too much damage to the screen ) , should not cause any shortening of life of your product . it is just what may happen after the crack ( moisture , dirt , etc ) that can shorten the life of the tablet .
unfortunately , there is ( currently ) no way to do so on a non-rooted device , at least not to my knowledge . the play store app always downloads to /data/local as far as i know . so if your device is rooted , you could create a directory wherever you like , and symlink it here . this could be done either from a terminal app , via a file explorer supporting the creation of symlinks ( and root ) , or via adb shell . for the terminal/adb-shell variant it could look like that , assuming your sdcard being mounted at /sdcard: $ su # mkdir /sdcard/playstore-temp # cp -r /data/local/* /sdcard/playstore-temp # rm -rf /data/local # ln -s /sdcard/playstore-temp /data/local  explaining the commands : get root access create the new " temporary storage directory " copy all current content ( recursively ) to the new location remove the old location create a symlink from the new location to " fake " the original i did not try this , but it should work . like with link2sd ( which uses the same principle for installing apps on sdcards ) , for the playstore app this should be " transparent " , i.e. it should be fooled into thinking it still works the same way as before : )
if you can access an adb shell , you can flash a recovery . if you open the recovery zip up and go to meta-inf/com/google/android/ you will find 2 files , you want " updater-script " . open this up with a text editor , and look for something that says dd followed by recovery . img . in that line near the end there should be something like " of=/dev/block/mtdblocknumbersnstuff " copy that line . from here on i will refer to that as " of=x " now go back to the zip folder and extract recovery . img to somewhere convienient . connect your phone to the computer and boot into recovery , then run adb push /path/to/recovery.img /data/recovery.img adb shell #cd data #ls  here it can output a bunch of stuff or nothing , but you are looking for " recovery . img " if you see it , good job , continue . if not , start over from the " adb push " command . dd if=recovery.img of=x  from there reboot back into recovery and you should see the recovery you just flashed .
just a quick search results show me that you may try power off and removing the battery some people face the same issue after update
unless you are paying for the service from your carrier , you can root your phone and install a tethering app from here . if you would rather not root your phone , you could go with pdanet from the market .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
you need to press the vol down and power buttons together , and hold them for a second or so . some users report that it works better if you press both buttons simultaneously , as opposed to one after the other in sequence .
sorry but it is not possible to boot from an external sd card since when the phone powers up the processor start to execute code at a fixed adress in the nand , and you can not change that .
if you are sure they are right , the app is buggy and we can not help you , facebook has changed their protocol/accessibility ( and the app is out of date/will not work anymore ) and we can not help you , or possibly you are not connected to the internet and you should connect , or the port the app uses is blocked and we can not help you .
it all depends on your usage . android system includes sync , so if you are not using your phone a lot then i would assume sync and standby would use the most battery -- so your details make sense . edit : as per the comments , i think the battery usage is being recorded wrong .
the " disable " buttons will essentially " freeze " a system application . system applications are the applications that come pre-installed on your phone - unremovable apps such as the browser , the gallery , the people app , and so on . disabling one of these apps will stop the app from doing anything . it'll be removed from the app menu , other apps will no longer be able to open it , it will stop running in the background if it does , etc . it is like uninstalling a normal app , but you have the option to re-enable the app and bring it back at any point in time .
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
install the htc drivers for your phone . you can usually find them on your phone providers website , for example galaxy s3 from verizon can be found here
it appears that you have already tested the surest way . attempt to download the app and it will specify it is compatibility . you still might not be absolutely sure until you actually try to run the application . as mentioned in the comment , you can ask the developer or communicate with others who have used the app ( via feedback on google play or the author 's provided web site ) . the only way the author can be totally sure is by testing it on every android , or getting feedback from his users . there are many occasions where based on feedback the author has to go back to the drawing board to working glitches to support some devices originally thought to be compatible . i have a number of androids . i just clicked on the install option and find that it is compatible with my samsung galaxy s3 , my very old phone ( the samsung galaxy prevail ) . however it is not compatible with my samsung galaxy tab7 or my acer-7 tablet . by the way , good question . it really appears there should be something specific since play google is using some criteria to display compatibility .
try bird bar . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikedg.android.bar.lite and now , for the rest of my 30 characters . . .
ota updates are country specific . in india 4.2 is not officially available for i9250 . you can wait for official ota or install manually as @geffchang suggested .
try adb sideload from this tutorial . then use sideload again to update from 4.2 to 4.2.2 ( it is much faster ) . you do not need root or flash bootloader .
the devices which were bought from google play are takju and the ones from samsung are akju . i think your phone is yakju ( google play did not sell devices in india ) . takju gets all updates directly from google . if you want to get all updates from google at the time of release you have to convert to takju . how can you do that please follow below to convert from yakju to takju ( stock ) without losing your data/apps : ( assuming you know adb and fastboot and have set them up on your computer . also assuming that bootloader is unlocked ) [ please read before you implement ] download the 4.2 factory images for takju extract files using 7-zip on windows ( you need to extract twice and will get the files as : bootloader-xxx . img ; radio-xxx . img and image-xxx . zip ) copy these files to the location android-sdk/platform-tools/ ( if you have the android-sdk installed or to the location where adb and fastboot is ) plug in your galaxy nexus ( ensure debug option is enabled under developer settings follow these commands : a . adb reboot bootloader b . fastboot flash bootloader bootloader-xxx.img c . fastboot reboot-bootloader d . fastboot flash radio radio-xxx.img e . fastboot reboot-bootloader f . fastboot update image-xxx.zip this would update your galaxy nexus from stock 4.1.2 ( yakju ) to stock 4.2 ( takju ) without losing any data/apps note : if you are using windows , follow this video tutorial to setup adb and fastboot if you are on mac , use ./ before the commands for execution note 2: with this method you do not need to remove the userdata . img as the command fastboot update image-xxx.zip does not touch the userdata on your device . *disclaimer : tried with unlocked bootloader , but you follow these at your own risk . or you can download factory image for yakju from here and try similar step above for just updating ( without converting from yakju to takju )
official ota updates 4.2.1 are started for i9250 in india . i received it on 20-mar-2013 . check for updates from your system settings .
it is possible that india has not yet received this update yet . if that is the case , then you need to update it manually . this would require root access . here 's a manual update guide , in case you decide not to wait for an ota update , which may never come . edit #1: if india already has it , and your phone cannot detect it , try this : go to `settings > apps > all " . look for google services framework , and click force stop button and clear data button .
have you tried holding the button down ? when the phone is running , a single quick press on the power button will usually wake it up . when it is completely off , like due to the battery being removed , you often have to hold the button down for a short while . you should also make sure it is charged using a wall charger . a completely depleted phone may not be able to charge from the usb port of a laptop . beyond that , i have seen cases where the power button wore out .
no , you cannot change the resolution of android in vnc in a standard way . however , some android phones have additional functions to support hdmi ( which results in running android at a higher resolution ) . if you can somehow tap into that functionality in conjunction with vnc , then you might be able to get a 480p , 720p , and 1080p option . but this is something that would be highly customized to a single phone as all of the different hdmi implementations seem to vary tremendously . one other option that would be yet another one-off possibility ( with some custom work ) would be if your phone supports webtop functionality . if so , perhaps you could tap into this . however , there is no third-party app that does what you are wanting . to do this , you will have to develop or find somebody to develop this highly-customized solution . as other have suggested , you are probably not going to get much better than changing the lcd density , which clearly is not what you are after .
try changing lcd density and see if that works for you http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/change-android-screen-resolution-with-lcd-density/
not quite the answer to your question , but you could run an android emulator ( on a desktop computer ) created with your desired resolution , and run the vnc server on that .
as long as the alarm in fact snoozed and did not get turned off i would think you had be safe , just maybe a bit later than normal . : ) i can not find any other info about how to force alarms to play over notifications or of anyone else having the issue . if you are worried you could silence your phone at night , then notifications would be silent but the alarm would still go off .
this is usually caused by a wrong/corrupted/replaced /efs/nv_data.bin . if you have a backup of /efs it is likely , that some rom installer created one for you . if you have a backup of the /efs folder on your sd-card then it is safe to simply copy the files from the backup to /efs: this should restore your imei back to the factory value . if you do not have a backup of /efs then you have to go with zuul 's answer .
fyi the cyanogenmod 10 is the first update with the code to detect an invalid imei . you could already have an invalid imei and do not know about it . the issue with an invalid imei is that you may have emergency calling problems ( inability to do emergency calls ) . confirm imei does the imei reported match the number under your battery ? dial *#06# and the imei will be presented on your screen . possible solution from this code . google . com thread , the user at comment 5 managed to solve the issue : steps i took to solve the problem : flash my phone by odin to version 2.2.1 update to cm9 using recovery with stabile version od cm9 http://download.cyanogenmod.com/get/jenkins/5805/cm-9.0.0-galaxysmtd.zip update to cm10 using last version of kernel . i used cm-10-20120822-nightly-galaxysmtd . between steps i did wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition . now my imei is correct . after cleaning the phone and updates do cm10 i recommend installing gapps-jb-20120726-signed , because your phone will be clean as a baby after birth .
just flash your device with official firmware . it may be a problem with the cyanogenmod 10 nightly builds , not your device .
its power saving symbol and you have to disable from setting for remove symbol .
you could easily hide by using custom launchers like apex or nova . but if this is not an option , you could try apps available on google play like [ ccswe app manager ( root ) ] or [ hide app-hide application icon ] which needs root access . *i want you to read the user feedbacks on google play before consider using the app because some said the icon gone forever after it was unhide . you can also try to disable the app from setting -> apps . this will hide app icon from app drawer . you can enable it again when you need it .
click on the people ( contact ) app and click the menu button and go to settings -> contacts to display -> customize . then make sure only " my contacts " and " stared in android " are enabled . google should not be adding random emails to my contacts ( since those should be ones you specifically added and the " all other contacts " should contain all the addresses you sent emails to ) . if those emails are part of my contacts , i believe your only option is to manually go through your contacts and change it . luckily , google has a web interface to allow this at http://contacts.google.com . when you are there , you can click the checkbox on all the contacts you do not want shown on your phone and then click the groups icon ( 3rd button over , it shows 3 people on it ) , and then uncheck the my contacts checkbox . the next time your phone syncs your contacts , it will fix your contacts list .
the camera and gallery apps are the same on android 4.3 and below . it got separated only on kitkat version . so you have to look for gallery apk on titanium backup . probably named gallery 4 . apk or gallery 2 . apk with com . android . gallery3d . . . . as its package name
well , that is weird but i think there are two gmail account put over the device , try going to the settings> accounts and backup . check if there are two gmail accounts configured , better to remove google account , once you remove the gmail account its again going to ask for the google account , but before configuring also head over to the application manager and clear the cache and the data stored by the contacts , and then restart your device an configure the gmail account which you were using previously again and see this time does the contacts appear again or not ? i do not think it would appear again anyway let me know how it goes for you !
what i did : move my actual contacts to the sim card wipe the data from the contacts storage app in the application manager load the contacts from the sim .
nasty carrier ! sorry to hear that . if you rooted it and put cynogen mod 7 on , that would get rid of all the moto and verizon bloat and you could have as many email acc 's as you want :- ) http://www.droid-life.com/2011/06/15/download-cm7-released-for-the-droidx/
i do not know whether there are projects of this kind . what comes nearest probably is the android-x86 projects that is a port of an android environment on desktop workstations : http://www.android-x86.org/
nothing like that exists yet since the apps are not run natively in the os , but they use dalvik virutal machine instead ( wikipedia ) . it is somewhat comparable to java in the sense that it uses bytecode and creates a separated environment for each app . so unless the dalvik environment is ported to other platforms , they can not be run on normal hardware . there is a project called alien dalvik by myriad that tries to run android apps in different environments , but there is not much info on it . myriad alien dalvik
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
go to : settings-> language and keyboard-> touch input-> international keyboard , and uncheck all the languages except the one that you are texting in .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
the 700ma is safer bet but will result in longer charging period than the 1a/850ma . the 1a charger would be charging faster but might not be preferable ( check your battery for the details voltage and current ) . ps : incompatible chargers tend to cause weird ghost touches in the touch screen .
according to some users in this thread , application named " superoneclick " is able to successfully root your handset . you will need to install it on your computer ( various windows and linux flavors available ) .
many games generate files to save settings/records/step , so you can copy that files on the pc and put on the device after the reset
that would be a contradiction in terms : to be a " reset " , it has to delete all your data . what you need to do is back up your game 's data first , then do the factory reset , then reinstall the game , and finally restore the game 's data from a backup . this is easiest to do if your device is rooted : you can use a backup app such as titanium backup to backup and restore any app 's data . if you do not have root , then other apps can not access your game 's data to back it up . if the game supports google 's automatic cloud backup , then that will work without you doing anything ( though it is known to be buggy on some devices , when the manufacturer or carrier has customized/replaced the backup transport ) . if the game does not support that , or you can not or will not use google 's backup for whatever reason , you can still back it up using adb , by following these instructions .
you most likely switched on several feedback settings in settings&rarr ; developer options : developer options ( source : androidadvices . com ) in these screenshots the reason for the " white dot " wherever you touch the screen is already marked . additionally , you probably have enabled " show cpu usage " as well ( right screenshot , lower third ) . just turn everything off here which you do not know what it is for ; by default , nothing is checked in this menu .
you can try side loading 4.4.2 and then a factory reset from that android version
have the same issues as the first bloggers that posted . i have the nexus 4 16gb and in february 2014 , i cracked the screen and changed the digitizer . in the process i tore the lithium polymer bag for the battery and subsequently the phone started to have a sweet smell . after 5 days the phone started acting up with these ghost images which was typing the same random characters in google plus , the camera took photos by itself , it shut off by itself and made squealing noises and just have been crazy . only upon plugging in the phone into the adapter charger would stabilize and use it on a regular basis . after reviewing several blogs , one person recommended changing the battery , which i did and this has fixed the phone . i have had a new battery in the phone for over 4 days now and it is working perfectly fine . i am running kit kat 4.4.2 and have all of the different kinds of apps installed on the phone . screen replacement and battery replacement can be found on youtube . first ! change your battery , do not give up the phone . spend the money ( $21 amazon ) and do not regret because you did not try to change the battery and see if it works again . hope this helps and pass it on to others you may know ! **update : apr 13 , 2014 . phone is working as normal using usb charge and wall charger . it is the battery causing the ghost images .
edited 01/30/2014 if you clear the data for google services framework , you can force the ota update to start again . there are a few downsides to this , but with a brand new device , you can safely clear the data and perform the ota update . old answer . . . as deailed in this question , you can download the 4.4.2 image directly from google and install it on your tablet from your computer . one method is to use fastboot : if you are using windows , you will need usb drivers ( official link , and easy mode link , koush 's universal driver ) . the file downloaded includes instructions , which basically boil down to . . . reboot into bootloader/fastboot mode . connect your device to your pc with usb . run the appropriate flash-all file for your desktop os ( windows .bat files and bash .sh files are included with the downloaded android image ) . note : this will also erase all data on your device . make sure you back up whatever you want to . if i remember correctly , there is a flash-base or similar option that will not erase your data , instead of flash-all .
as far as i can tell and from links like this and also this link ( for different devices obviously ) it seems that once the usb is plugged in that is what will charge the device , and the wireless-charging is disabled . the nexus 4 has two main power circuits : 1 ) battery connector and charging circuit and 2 ) wireless charging gen2 circuit . these two work together with internal battery protection circuit as well . there are many controls going on while charging , such as current sensors , thermal sensors , voltage reference and voltage input detection . so basically it has been thought to avoid any problem if you happen to connect both charging supplies at the same time , as only one will act as the charger , and as far as i can understand the logic of it , it’s the usb charging that has priority over wireless charging .
please visit this link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1278349 the post is to help you set your phones default install path to your phones sd card on any android device .
you can try the following : free some space on device ( by uninstalling unnecessary apps ) to download desired app move downloaded app to sd-card so that it will require less space on device you can use link2sd app to move app forcefully ( root require )
i may not be completely up to date on this but there may be no solution to this , as ( most ? ) android apps cannot installed on the sd card , some of their data can be moved ( resources and such ) if the developer prepared for that . so a solution to your memory problem may be to attempt to move some of the app data to the sd card ( if you run into issues to this , let me know your version of android and i will try to help ) .
check out this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ljmobile.move.app may be it can be helpful . there is a bit work but it get the job done .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
type in keypad *#9900# option 2 delete dumpstate logcat it really works and gets rid of that annoying disk thing at top of notifications and can download again hope it helps . i had the same issue and this worked .
put them on the sd card . app data on the internal storage is completely segregated between users ( regardless of whether they are full or restricted users ) , but there is only one sd card for all users . you can add a fake sd card to an emulator : it is another file on the host system , like the fake internal storage .
html 5 video plays within the browser in chrome . to use html 5 video with youtube ( both the mobile and desktop websites ) , go to http://www.youtube.com/html5 to turn it on . browsers will not be able to run flash animations , videos , and games , because adobe decided to stop supporting flash on mobile devices . adobe is also winding down its flash authoring tools and encouraging its customers to output to html 5 instead . because flash is a closed , proprietary format , adobe 's free to choose to support or not support android according to their whims , and there is very little consumers can do about that .
this is not a miracle solution , but : when taking pictures indoor , keep in mind that android 's auto white-balance might make the wrong choice . look at the image on the screen , and if it feels unnatural , try manually selecting the incandescent or fluorescent settings . be aware that , at least currently , the nexus 4 camera does not compare favorably to the iphone 5 camera : on the nexus 4 , pictures tend to lack details , colors are washed out , and images lack contrast with both white and black leaning towards the grey . if you own a nexus 4 and find this disappointing , let me try to reassure you : first , it is not as bad as it sounds ; second , there is still a chance this can be improved with software ; third , do not forget your unlocked nexus 4 costs almost half the price of an unlocked iphone 5 . below are some pictures of the same scene i took with an iphone 5 and nexus 4 , so we can compare them side-by-side . this first shot was done indoor , in a low light , without a flash . left : iphone 5 ( original ) , right : nexus 4 ( original ) . this second shot was done outdoor . top : iphone 5 ( original ) , bottom : nexus 4 ( original ) .
no , this is not possible . some cm versions allow you to use the trackball to turn the screen on , but there is no way to turn the device on from cold this way . when the device is off , android is not running , so nothing in android can listen for a button press . the handling of the power button is much lower-level in the device firmware , and is not available for users to change .
you could try to use the " static ip settings": go to settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings press menu button , select advanced check use static ip look for your pc 's ip address , and enter a similar address for ip address ( e . g . if your pc 's one is 192.168.1.2 , try 192.168.1.3 ) . enter your router 's ip as gateway ( usually 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.178.1 etc . ) enter 255.255.255.0 as the netmask . it is important that the ip address is not already used in your network .
go to the air gesture settings and deselect " quick glance "
there is some app running that requests a full wakelock ( which requires the screen to be on ) . you might use wakelock detector or betterbatterystats to figure out which app that might be : wakelock detector and betterbatterystats ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) both apps show what app held wakelocks in the past . wld is available for free on play , bbs for eur 2 . once you have identified the culprit , you can either re-configure that app to avoid those wakelocks – or check for a replacement with better behaviour ; )
no , as the device will require the new password before it will successfully log in to the play store app to download any apps . again , no as it will not send any data to google because you have changed your password . i am not aware of any way to find out this information . unfortunately by changing your password and ending sessions there is no way to communicate with the device using your google account .
i like pretty pictures ( visual learner ) so i tried to combine the other answers into a generalized graphic : if anyone has any issues with this , point them out in a comment and i will update accordingly .
the manufacturer is responsible for the android updates ( not only if it is an ota update ) . but some carrier branded phones receive a different firmware as the unbranded ones because of custom carrier modifications , like removing the wifi tether feature . therefore a delay for an update can also be caused by the carrier . usually you will see an update first on unbranded devices and maybe later for the carrier branded ones . but there have also been cases where the carrier released an update that was not released officially for unbranded devices ( iirc a samsung device in the uk got 2.3 before it was officially released by samsung ) . to sum up : the main responsibility lies with the manufacturers but the carriers have a word to say too . which is imho a bad thing , that is why i prefer unbranded devices .
with the galaxy nexus it is sometimes tricky to tell who is responsible for the updates . there are ( at least ) four different variants of the gsm/hspa device and one cdma device . gsm/hspa : yakju takju yakjuxw yakjukr cdma : mysid there used to be an app in the play store which could tell if your updates come from samsung or google , but it is been removed for some reason . as far as i can tell , yakju and takju get the updates directly from google , and other variants get them from samsung or operators . this is why i flashed my yakjuxw device with the takju rom , no more delays from samsung .
if your handset is google nexus , then yes , google pushes out the ota updates . the rest is down to the carriers , depending on who you are with , what handset you have . edit : added more thought for clarity . some may not roll out the ota updates , its all dependent on the market , region . i am with o2 , and never get any ota updates what-so-ever . some manufacturers do include a ' pc companion ' suite that accompanies the handset and it is through that pc companion suite , that there may be a " firmware " update that is independant of the carrier used . that would be an exception to the rule , although the trend seems to be , to " use the official manufacturer 's handset companion software for windows " and to check on that regularly .
the " bars " actually just state the signal strength – so basically you could have all 5 or whatever bars , but no data at all . data speed depends on multiple other factors not all fully known to me ; one example is " available bandwidth " divided by " connected devices using it " . so if the capacity of the cell tower has been " reached " , even with full bars and superduperwhatsnot+++ data connection : highway full means stop-and-go . not sure if that is the case with your issue ( to find out , you had need to contact your provider/carrier ) – but at least it is one possible explanation . i would expect the device to switch to another " band " in such a case , though ; but it could be there is simply no other one available , or configuration keeps it from doing so .
you can not mark mails as not spam . instead you have to label it inbox . to do this on the bottom action bar , hit labels and tick inbox . it seems that this is equivalent as all future emails go straight to the inbox .
it all depends the way you use your phone ( more no of dents rough and tough use ) , the no of years of service of your battery . ( the last time you changed your battery as recommended ) . just follow these steps just try to avoid pro-longed usage of the device for gaming or streaming videos or doing multi-tasking ( streaming high definition videos , parallel texting and downloading content all at once ) as this tends the battery to get heated up . normally it should not get the heat for just 1-1.5 hours of gaming if your usage is more then you need to reduce it or else just take your cell phone to any authorised service centre and get you phone checked for the problems of heat and battery
to do a factory reset , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Privacy and hit factory data reset . alternatively though , to just clear the sms data you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and find the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) and clear the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . if you really need to boot into recovery , i would try the following : hold power and volume down until the phone reboots or turns on hold the power button for two more seconds , then release it ( if the phone reboots again , you held it too long ) keep holding volume down until recovery mode appears
it will stay online . auto-backup only add photo , they never remove it .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
uninstall the update . and update again . it worked for me .
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
if you are rooted you could try wireless tether for root users . more info and more recent versions here : https://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ besides having way more options than the stock wifi tether application it also allows you to have a look at the bandwith used when tethering is active .
alternatively visit http://www.web2pdfconvert.com/ and paste the url which you want as a pdf . or if you want to download pdf via app , try free app named " urltopdf " from play store .
the default ringtones are fairly quiet . install some standalone ringtones or else grab a copy from your device and run them through a program to increase their volume before placing back onto the phone .
you might want to give volume+ a try ( scroll down for download link ) .
the same way . Settings | Apps | (app) | Enable disabled apps automatically sort to the bottom of the app list .
do a hard reset , remove sim , set network type to wcdma preferred .
there is a nice ( free ) alternative keyboard on the android market - that is somewhere between swype and the built in keyboard - called touchpal . it allows for three different layouts ( 16 key , 20 key and qwerty ) and you can set a default for different orientations - i.e. 20 key for portrait , qwerty for landscape . and there is a bunch of other things it does that make it nice and easy to use . one thing to note is that it is made for chinese and english input but there are options to turn off the chinese input . also , some version of android have a bug that sometimes prevents a newly added input method editor ( ime ) from showing up properly . you may need to restart the handset after installing . all that aside , i use it every day on my htc desire as a replacement for the stock keyboard and i could not do without it . have a look at cootek 's site or search market for cootek or touchpal .
it is possible to develop your own keyboard input method . however , this is not a trivial thing to do . you can either code it yourself or wait for someone else to do it . sorry :- (
you can format the sd as exfat , removing the 4gb restriction from old fat filesystem . you can format it from windows ( or linux/mac ) without any third party application and the phone will recognize it without problems .
first , especially for " newbies": hovering your mouse over the adb tag will reveal some info . clicking the info link there brings you to the tag wiki , providing you some information to get started . the second link there ( everything about adb ) contains the answer to your problem : adb push C:\Desktop\TitaniumBackup.apk /sdcard/ for the target , only specify the path , do not include a file name . so your command should look like : adb.exe push c:\main.1.com.redcricket.Audiobook.obb /mnt/sdcard/Android/obb/com.redcricket.Audiobook  a special error you included is the backslash ( \ ) which , on windows systems , is a path separator -- but on posix systems ( unix/linux/android ) is an " escape character " ( directory separator on these systems is the " forward slash " , / ) .
sounds like hacker 's keyboard might be a good try for you . it does not have some of the rightmost keys ( insert , end , page up/down , also f1-f12 ) visibly displayed on the main layout , but they are available by pressing the " fn " key . here 's the layout on a tablet :
have you enabled the visibility of these labels/folders from the imap section of options in the main gmail web interface . advanced imap controls were recently rolled out to all users , so certain labels/folders may have been deemed hidden . click settings and then within the labels section , check mark those boxes whose labels you want shown as imap folders by selecting show in imap . =========== update : also check within k9 account settings > folders and make sure certain folders are not hidden .
i went to the folder list . i then hit my menu button and a new menu popped up that said " refresh folders " on the bottom . when i did that , it grabbed the new folders i created and removed the ones i had deleted ( from using previous webmail programs ) .
i was having the same problem ( with a non-gmail imap account ) , what worked for me was to monkey with it . set all the folder settings to display only subscribed folders . then refresh folders . then change it to display all folders . now i can see my newer imap folders . so . . . if you are loathe to re-install your account , try just changing the folder display settings around and then changing them back .
well sumit is right , specifically , you get a class 4 ( 4 mbps ) or class 2 ( 2 mbps ) sd card but for hd , direct copy to sd card , you need better write speed go for class 6 ( 6 mbps ) or if you want it all go for class 10 ( 10 mbps ) .
it seems that that the card write speed is unable to keep pace with hd video writes on the card . try using a sd card with a faster write speed . also try to use use the same stock sd card in any other mobile with the same hd video recording ( same bit rate , same resolution ) to see if it works there properly . if it fails there too then surely it is a problem with the card only .
hit the menu button ( bottom left of the phone ) and then click on the star ( which will be at the top right of the dialog which appears ) . the star is only to the right of the url on the omni bar on the desktop version of chrome .
use the bookmark button that is marked in this picture :
go to the page that you want to bookmark . next , click on the left option button on your phone itself . on the very top of the menu that pops up , you will see a star . click on it and follow the prompts .
if that is a malware , it will take care to leave no tracks ( i.e. . deleting the sent message ) . two things you should do asap : contact your provider and check what messages where sent . especially expensive " premium " messages . it could be something sends " just spam " , but it also could be some " money generator " . check with a permission checker what apps have the permission to . . . send sms/mms deactivate your lockscreen ( aka keyguard ) if you find an app that has both permissions , that is a very likely candidate . a good app to check this is e.g. rl permissions , which lets you check by app and by permission : rl permissions : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) as rl permissions has not been updated for more than 2 years , an alternative to this is permission explorer , which offers similar features : permission explorer : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) once you have identified a suspicious app , deactivate or uninstall it . watch if the described behaviour continues . if it does not , you have got the culprit . one more lesson learned : just having some antivirus on your device does not mean you are safe and do not need to care . those " checkers " mostly compare with a database of known malware . unlike their pc companions , they do not do heuristic scans .
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
the broadcom bcm4329 chipset in a lot of android phones ( nexus one , evo , g1 ) probably many more ) supports monitor/promiscuous mode . the driver needs to be modified to allow monitor mode to be enabled . here is the source of the current drivers : monitor mode flag method to that sets the mode in the second link , you can see that monitor mode flag is not even in the switch statement so it is just gets ignored when called . someone also got tcpdump working on a g1 so it is possible , we jsut need to put in some work to get it functional though . a few more links about the chipset , drivers , and modifications to them : http://forum.aircrack-ng.org/index.php?topic=281.0 http://aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=b43 http://wireless.kernel.org/en/users/drivers/b43
as rohan said , you need at least a device with a wireless card that can be set on " monitor " or " promiscuous " mode , so you can sniff the packets sent between the clients and servers of the wireless network . so , technically it is possible , but at the beginning it would be a very device-specific solution
technically no . however you can jailbreak it and install a os on it and it would look just like a normal os . just a smaller version . once thats done you can install softwares like aircrack exct . and it would capture the packets and then crack them . . now this does take some time . . anywhere from 15 minutes to a few days all depending on their encryptionsetings . but the average wifi shouldnt take more then 30 minutes . . tops . so yes in theory it is " possible " but it all depends on how much work you want to put into it in order to get it . there is no " app " yet . . im not sure if anyone is converting a software like aircrack from an os to app compatable . . although im sure someone is somewhere .
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
yes . you can flash a custom kernel on your stock rom , but it has to be the appropriate kernel i.e. it has to be the version the kernel supports . in this case you will be limited to overclocking only . however , you can download setcpu , nofrills , voltage control , cpu contol , etc to enjoy max .
in android settings , go to security and uncheck " make passwords visible . " this will cause all password characters to be obfuscated , even as you type . it is a global option , so there is no way to set it for just one input method .
i believe it depends upon the music player app . have you tried using another music player ? in my case , i did not encounter this issue . i have used samsung galaxy 3 with several music players including stock player and also with a bluetooth headset . i think the app itself is the cause for this , which is causing screen wake-up on next/previous , and in my opinion is a poor implementation . i do not know of any apps which allow to change the screen on behavior like this . it may be available in cyanogen-mod perhaps .
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
use our app , the best android vnc server according to users . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en works on any android devices , any models , rooting is not required . you can use this app to view and control your android phones or tablets .
apn lock may work . it appears to give you the ability to block certain networks apn 's which will not affect your ability to use voice or sms but will not allow your phone to make a data connection with the networks you block ( by changing the apns so you phone fails to connect ) . i would be careful though , messing with the apns can cause problems this app does not have any comments yet .
you can only do a lookup for a house phone . a mobile phone you do not know where they are most likely unless you have a subopena .
yes . i have not tried the worldcallplaceandtime app but it looks like what you want . below you can see the summary and screenshot from appbrain . edit : based on the comments on appbrain , this app just determines the caller 's location based on the phone number 's area code . if you want to know the phone 's physical location , you will need to use something like google latitude , which does not give you the caller 's location during the call ( yet ) . this program shows a small customizable info window during incoming/outgoing call : country , region , city ( or mobile operator ) and local time in that place ( worldwide ) ! 2.0: colors option for donators , bugfixes tag : call location , calllocation , who is calling , wer ruft an , caller id , who called
truecaller ( $6.99 ) does area code lookups plus public directory lookups . if the number is in a public directory it'll tell you the person 's name and address ( if available ) otherwise it defaults to showing the location based on area code . i have never used it and it does not have very good reviews in the app market but it seems like a lot of those are from people with unrealistic expectations and people who do not want to pay for apps .
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
this is what you need to do , supposing you are on a stock rom : open your gallery app . select the image you want to set as background . hit menu and you should see an option set as , click on it . you should end with several options in which you can find home screen , lock screen and home and lock screens . select the option you want to set your wallpaper to . if you have a custom rom , you should check the forums of that rom to see if its supports this .
i had a bit of trouble setting the lock screen pic . i have a samsung galaxy ace q i827 ( appeal in the u.s. ) and i had to first find a pic i wanted , then i had to hit the menu button a couple of times to find the ' set as ' button . at first i only hit it once , and no ' save as ' button appeared . but after hitting it again , it popped up . after clicking on the ' set as ' , i had the option of selecting the lock screen or wallpaper . this is for gingerbread 2.3.6 .
you can not do that . but what you can do is download a third party locker such as go locker .
although i am on another device with another android version ( htc desire hd / rom : jellytime r9 ( android 4.2.2 ) ) i think the problem may be the same . in gallery i can only set the images as background . but i can set a different lock screen background image in system settings . i think this options depending on used launcher/lockscreen and are also valid in stock roms . i am using novalauncher and i can only set a different lockscreen image that way as far as i know . [ edit ] sorry for being that fuzzy . . what i really wanted to say : in android 4.2.2 ( can not confirm atm that it also works on 4.1 due to lack of working emulator ) - depending on launcher/locker - just do this setting under the proper category in system settings . . system settings &gt; ui &gt; lock screen &gt; background &gt; custom image ( maybe different wording - only got german version here ) [ /edit ]
i had a similar issue at work . what i ended up doing was turning the " vibrate " setting on in Settings/Sounds . my phone was bugging everyone else in the office before ( which is why i started using headphones ) but with that setting , the phone vibrates on receiving a call as well as ringing in the headphones . i did not have to disturb anyone , and i still got calls when i forgot about my headphones ! do not know if this would be practical for you , but it worked nicely for me , so i thought i would share !
i was going to suggest cyanogenmod also , if that does not work or is not something you are interested in , you should try tasker http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm it pretty much can do just about anything you can think of without quite as much work as writing an app yourself .
i fixed that problem with soundabout
i am the author of an app called soundabout that has a setting just for this purpose . it is a quick , one screen app for audio routing .
check out this answer , just in case the wallpaper was moved that being said , since you are looking for an app-provided wallpaper and not a system provided wallpaper , we will probably need to know the package name of the application in question ( and you will need to have root access to your device , which i believe you already have ) . so assuming the package name of the app is com.example.superdupperlauncher , then you would need to look into /data/data/com.example.superdupperlauncher/files/ or /data/data/com.example.superdupperlauncher/
from the home screen hit the menu button , then choose settings > location and security and from there you should have an option to set up a patter or pin based screenlock . the pattern lock will give you the option to create your own pattern on the 3x3 grid : if you want to be able to draw a completely random pattern , cyanogenmod 6.2 has the option to draw any invisible gesture to unlock the screen .
you will need to go into your google account settings and revoke issued permissions for any app which you no longer wish to have access to your google account . you can review connected apps at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens?hl=en
i have found that if you turn the display on before unplugging the charging cord , the battery stays at 100% all night . my guess is that it also helps if you charge during the day .
we are using exchange on serveral devices at the office ( for testing ) and what i noticed is that sometimes exchange services seem to drain alot of battery even when set to a low interval or push . this typically happens when exchange is trying to pull some data from the server but an error occurs . the end user ( you ) does not always see the error . for me usually a reboot fixes the problem , worst case remove the exchange profile and reinstall it afterwards .
open the email client , go to settings > the email id you have configured > inbox check frequency change that setting to " never " if you want to manually refresh emails or increase the duration for the refresh . that should fix the battery draining overnight .
it depends . usualy when you would pair a device to you car audio player , the player would only want the files on it . but that depends on the player and what type of connection it makes with it is paired devices . so basicaly i think you will have to try and see if it works .
--occurred only after 2.3.4 update for me . --tried clearing cache for facebook , gmail , internet - worked , but only temporarily . only thing that worked was factory reset . i did not want to do it , but now phone running well , even with increased battery life . --all paid apps will be saved --use verizon backup to back up your contacts before you reset
this error is not just for the total storage , it is also for specific " mount points " like /data/data , for example , where the applications on the device store their data . if this mount point becomes low on space , because it is not given access to " all the storage " , then you will receive that low space message . you can uninstall apps that you no longer need/use or go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the data for apps that are using a lot , or you do not use often .
no . apple 's older ios lineup and samsung 's android tablets have a similar looking but different connector . you can not interchange them . and besides this : apple 's new ligthning plug clearly only works with ios devices ( iphone 5 and ipad 4/mini and better ) . the available lightning-adapters also only work with ios devices .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
it is often used to identify the unique phone , but often this is actually quite a bad idea . most apps would be better off identifying you as a user , who can use multiple different devices on one account .
many apps use the imei for analytics purposes , for example counting users . most tools like google analytics or flurry need a unique id per phone , so the imei fits quite well . note that this does not work on non-cellular platforms ( like tablets ) , and the imei can also be faked : this is why some apps choose a different system ( see this article ) .
rooting the nexus 7 means that just some additional applications are installed , e.g. the su binary and the supersu app . both are not active in background , therefore i assume that your battery life problem is caused by a different app that had been updated or installed more or less at the same time .
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
depends on network provider . from nexus 7 2013 lte variant available now for $349 : keep in mind that you won’t be able to fall back to verizon 3g at any time , but you can fall back to at and t and t-mobile hspa should you choose their service . from google 's nexus 7 with 4g is now available in the uk : buying from o2 is a different story , however . the mobile operator is selling the new nexus 7 for £319.99 , complete with a free sim and 2gb of 3g data .
you should be able to connect to 3g networks . i am not sure who your carrier is , but if you are in an area where you cannot pick up lte then 3g should be the fallback . i used to work for verizon wireless and this is how all the 4g lte phones and tablets worked . in fact , when lte first started rolling out it was not in most places , including the area where i worked . people were buying lte devices left and right and they only operated on 3g until the lte network got built out .
line is a great messenger that works for pc and phone . it is also the second most populated app , i believe , about 100 million less users than wechat . http://line.me/en/
google hangouts . does text chat , video chat , and can even send and receive sms messages .
telegram does that . it is a valide alternative to whatsapp , the account ( and contacts ) are shared among every device you use . it also has some unofficial windows/linux/mac osx clients .
you can use whatsapp messenger on pc using blue stacks , windroy , youwave android etc .
mightytext is app that does what you asked for . and it is pretty popular , too ! i personally did not try it yet , but it was recommended to me several times . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.texty.sms
if the person , who got your device , gives it a reset ( hard reset ) and signed-in with another account ( which is the default account in this case ) , then you might not be able to look up your device anymore . but if , he had not , then the possibility is that , he lives somewhere , where he does not have any wifi-access . therefore you could not track him anymore .
yes you can move apps to external on a sgs3 . ? i had this phone previously and used app2sd no problem simply download it from google play store , then once you open up the app it will tell you which apps can be moved to the external sd card . you can download it for free from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store?hl=en_gb
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
go to the app drawer . at the top , you should see Apps and Widgets . click Widgets , and scroll through the pages . look for the weather widget . once you find the widget , long-press on it and drag it to your home screen . edit #1: here 's an example . in this case , i am using the accuweather app . and , i am not using the default launcher , but you should find something similar .
for a real safe and complete wipe , you might want to take a look at nuke my device . if you are just after a factory-reset , this can be find in settings . but then you should not forget about your other storage ( sdcards – internal as well as external ­– are usually not dealt with by a factory-reset , though some roms do so ) .
i think i have finally found a partial solution . by using these commands via adb , what can be done by usb cable or wireless adb ( my case ) , the contents of the internal filesystem of the tablet seems to have become clean : adb shell wipe data  i hope this info will help anyone .
as far as i know , no android devices ship with drivers for a usb touchscreen monitor . to make this work , you had have to find or write drivers for android , and they had probably be specific to the type of monitor . in the first instance you could approach the monitor manufacturer and see if they know of a driver for android , or are willing to give you the datasheets you had need to write one .
android offers a standard usb-network adapter ( implemented in software ) to accomplish usb tethering . the problem can be on the pc side or on the android phone 's side as well . some hints for debugging : do you see that usb network device on your pc if you enable tethering ? if so , do you get a dhcp offer from that " usb network card " on your pc ? can you ping the phone gateway from your pc ( usually ping 192.168.4.129 ) ? can you resolve dns entries ( nslookup google.com ) ? can you ping a random host on the internet ( eg . ping google.com ) ? to view debug logs on the phone use a logcat viewer and see for obvious entries . if the problem is your phone software and you are willing to void your warranty , the aftermarket cyanogenmod firmware also offers this functionality , as well as several other custom roms ( your phone seems to be supported , according to cm 's device overview ) .
you can turn off notifications or if you have access to an app like smartactions , you can create a rule that does that . but if you are using wifi or mobile data , your best bet is to turn off notifications . . . . annoying yes , but it is but necessary
edit : after using my original solution for a while , i came to the conclusion that it does not satisfy my needs : using it to see and use the link url took too much time . so i developed a new android app with a single purpose , namely : copying the link to the clipboard , and display the link target in a toast . the app is available in google play as copy link to clipboard ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nl.robwu.copylink ) ; below are two screenshots of the app in action . original answer below i figured out that i used the wrong keywords . searches for " url preview " , " link preview " , " view link " , etc . did not yield anything useful . so , i went to look for url unshortener apps . the unshorten it app by leocardz ( leonardo cardoso ) adds an entry to the contextmenu of each link . adds an option to the " share link " menu . shows up in the url intent screen . furthermore , it is fast , the ui looks great and it does not contain any ads or nagging donate requests . one minor issue : one cannot directly visit the url without first tapping on the " unshorten " button . after tapping that button , the url is resolved ( ie . unshortened if needed ) , and the result is displayed below the blue button . from there , you can share it , or open it in another browser , or just go back to the original app . ( i have evaluated two other apps , unshorten by tea and toys and short url evaluator by nicolas smith , but they did not show up at the url intent screen , which was a minimal requirement to me )
you can theoretically delete them without hesitation after moving , but do keep in mind that cwm depends on file integrity checks like md5 to see if your images have not been modified since the day you took a nandroid backup . there are some cases when phone-to-pc transfers ruin the md5 signature 1 and therefore prevent cwm from restoring the nandroid backup in the future . if you do every step in rom installation exactly as said in the instructions listed on your rom webpage and you are not going to do anything daring after successful installation , chances are you are not going to need that nandroid backup anyway . but it is always better to be safe . 1 speaking from experience
i get this very regularly , and the problem is usually down to the router but occasionally the nexus . in wifi settings , " forget " the connection details . reboot the router and phone . once available , connect to the network again and re-enter your details . on my nexus 7 , entering a static ip fixed the problem when i was at the edge of wifi range , but as you say you are near the router this would not seem to be the issue you are having .
i do not know if this is an android issue , so much as a wifi problem . a while ago ( before i got my android ) i had some issues connecting my computer to my wifi -- my computer sensed that the network was there , but would not connect . i was advised to reset the network . unplug all parts of the network : router , modem etc . hold your breath for ten seconds . reconnect everything . try connecting to your network again . this worked for my computer ; give it a try for your phone , and tell us what happens .
not by default . certain roms like cyanogenmod do allow you to customise the toggles and the order in which they are displayed . a possible workaround could be this app - notification toggle
stock roms often do not allow to customize notification toggles . either you will have to flash a custom rom ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) or install a third-party app ( e . g . widgetsoid ) .
not on a stock rom , sorry . on certain custom/aftermarket rom 's , such as cyanogenmod , have the ability to customize these icons , by letting you add , remove and reorder the icons .
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
i just disabled s voice entirely for now , as explained here and elsewhere : Application Manager &gt;&gt; All &gt;&gt; S Voice &gt;&gt; Disable , then reboot .
this will depend but almost guarantee requiring the devices to be rooted in order to manipulate the hardware . the only caveat emptor is , this needs root and busybox installed , and that the wifi is active : plug the usb cable to the device , and invoke this , adb shell . switch to superuser , i.e. su invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 down to bring down the wifi device . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr , see below for fig . 2a the double x as shown in the captured output below in fig . 2a , is the actual mac address , i have this deliberately hidden as not to show it especially on the internet . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 hw ether 00:11:22:33:44:55 , that should change the mac address of that wifi device . ( this part can be extremely hardware dependant in the aspect of , if the wifi device can allow this - also if the kernel has the support for that wifi chipset , if that fails - a very cryptic message will appear - ip : siocsifhwaddr : operation not supported on transport endpoint meaning that the address for mac spoofing is dis-allowed ! ) if step 6 works , then to bring up the wifi device again , invoke this busybox ifconfig wlan0 up , profit ! 2a : sh-4.1# busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr wlan0 Link encap:Ethernet HWaddr XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX 
you did not name your device -- but most likely got some china import . there were some readings a little time ago about this issue . normally , a mac address should be unique to the device -- the producer probably wanted to save some license costs . . . nevertheless , that background is not going to help you much . there are some apps available on the playstore which allow you to change the mac address ( search the playstore for " mac-address " to find them all ) , like e.g. wireless mac changer or set mac address . note , however , that all of them require root access on your device . the only alternative known to me would be to return the device ( s ) , explaining your reason ( see above ) , and ask for an appropriate replacement .
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
i guess what you are trying to say is that you want the screen to stay for a longer period of time after getting locked . if that is the query then it has a very simple answer . simply go to settings> display . now there you must see something like ' screen timeout ' . just tap on that and choose the time you want to keep the screen awake . now it'll also keep the home screen awake for the selected time . this is because there are no settings for changing the screen timeouts differently for home and lock screens . what you can do now is simply press the lock screen button at the top right . once the screen gets locked press it again such that the lock screen appears . now it'll say for the time you selected . : ) hope it helped . a positive vote is always appreciated . :d
just maybe i have got the answer to your second problem too ! ok so here it is , head over to google play store ( link here- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chemdroid.screentimeouttogglehl=enreferrer=utm_source%3dgoogle%26utm_medium%3dorganic%26utm_term%3dscreen+timeout+toggle ) and download this app called screen timeout toggle . now open the app and tick ' always active ' . now the screen will never time out . now what you must do is lock the device 's screen manually by pressing the lock button . now if you slide down it must say ' screen must stay on ' . if it does not show that then you must tap on the toggle option . this would make it start . now lock the screen again and there you have it . it'll never time out . there is just only one problem , and that is that the developer says that ' now it works for 4.2 also ' . so i am just not sure that whether it would work for you as you said that your device is running 4.1 . if it worked then please let me know . positive vie is always encouraged :d
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
yes you can do that . scripts like data2sd do exactly that .
open google talk on your phone , press menu ( i.e. . 3-dot indicator ) -> display options and select availability ( or all ) - i believe your current display settings say " most popular " .
i too face a similar situation as narrated below : my im client has ~50 people online ( busy , available or away ) , but the gtalk in android shows merely around 10 contacts inclusive of contacts in busy , available or away status while using the ' availability ' option . setting to show all contacts will show the enormous list in alphabetical order . scrolling to find friends in this list is a difficult task ! it was noted that only the most popular friends are shown while using the ' availability ' option . is this the same issue that you observed ? try searching the contact name that you find available in im client but not in android . it will be shown as available . i first suspected that android shows only from google+ friends list , but no . its not even a bug . its just that they donot have an option to show all the available list ! ! instead they come up with " recently chatted available list " and " most popular available list " . hope they add a new option or fix this . i am facing this issue in icecreamsandwitch on motorola razr
there are a few options available , but the effective ones i came up with will require root access . and the second option may require an unlocked bootloader ( i am not sure if the note 2 can unlock its bootloader or not ) . even if you have the most recent version of android , google has not enabled multiple users for phones ; they figure people share tablets , but have their own phone . and there are some issues that come with multiple users on a phone . specific app profiles ( root required ) there are apps such as titanium backup that let you create profiles for apps , and it works on any version of android . you select the apps that you want to be multi-user . then you add a widget to your homescreen that lets you choose which user you want to switch to . titanium backup will then back up the data for the current user and restore the backup data for the user you select . if you are worried about one user getting text messages , you will either have to insert a different sim for each user ( and thus change the phone to a new number ) , or set up each person with a google voice number . then , have the google voice app be set up with multiple profiles . full nandroid backup/restore - most effective ( root required ) if you root it and install a custom recovery , such as clockworkmod ( cwm ) or twrp , it would be a very simple process . just do a full backup of the phone , then do a factory reset . give the phone to your mom , and she can set it up like her own phone . once she gives the phone back to you , do a full nandroid backup again in the recovery , then recover your own image . this will clear all her data ( except anything stored on the sd card , such as images and other files ) and restore your own . after you boot up the phone , it will be like she never touched it .
there are apps for controlling leds : led color tester , light flow - led control both does officially support galaxy s3 .
many custom roms , such as cm10 , have built-in support for changing the led color .
there is powerful and full-customizable go sms pro which lets you set any led color for sms incoming notifications based on sender . also , it is a mighty alternative for stock sms app and has many useful functions and customizations . after you installed it , run and tap menu , then settings , and go to advanced -> individual settings and add any contact to set individual notification ( including led options ) for it .
no need to change - language can be changed within the os . my only tweak was installing a better english keyboard from the play store , since the stock samsung one is not very good .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
the simplest way would have been using the contacts ' app integrated export/import functionality : on the " source device": open contacts , open menu , select " export/import " , export to sdcard . this will export your entire contact list ( including photos ) to a .vcf file in the root of your sdcard . copy the resulting *.vcf file to the " target device " on the target device : open contacts , menu , export/import , import from sd . chose the file . done . see also : transferring contacts how can i transfer my all contacts from old htc wildfifre android 2.1 to lg optimus vu moving from one droid to another
i think what you should try and i just did and it works really fine is the mobile-trans application with it you get even to transfer the apps , videos , messages , call logs and a lot more stuff and you get it exactly as is . though you will have to connect your android devices to a computer with two usb cables . you could also use dropbox on your s3 to save all your contacts in a cloud server as a vcf file ( above ) , then sign in into the dropbox account using your nexus 5 and save the contacts in there , google should work fine .
you use your gmail account to configure your contacts from one android phone to another . login into you google account from your galaxy s3 phone . sync your contacts with your gmail account . import contacts from your gmail account to your nexus 5 by syncing your nexus 5 with your gmail account . get access to all your contacts .
several ways actually . the most simple way i found was to sync all your addresses to a google account . if you do not have one create one . on the s3: <code> from settings scroll down and choose accounts and sync . choose add account . choose google . choose existing to add an existing account . type in the email id of the account . fill in password and sign in . </code> on the other device , simply sync to the account again . all your contacts will be pulled in .
just login the same google account on two different phones . google account will sync them automatically . https://www.google.com/contacts/ you may check more above . alternatively , you can follow the tutorial below . how to transfer contacts from samsung galaxy to nexus
you can use superbackup application from appstore . it stores almost evrything in seperate csv files , that way you can change your devices on fly , and still wont loose any data . goodluck
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
on razr , it is hold the volume down button and the power for 10 seconds .
htc 's solution to this issue is to " press and hold the power button for at least 10 seconds , and then release it . htc one x will be shutdown and then boot again . " this is the only solution i would be able to see . if you require something more , then as a phone modder i would recommend you take apart the phone and manually disconnect the battery . this is rather risky unless you are confident in what you are doing . you may be able to refer to this page : http://htcpedia.com/news/htc-one-x-how-to-take-it-apart.html for a tutorial on how to disassemble the unibody of the htc one x . the last safe option you have is to simply wait a day or so ( since it is stuck on ) until the battery drains completely . from there of course charge it up again and continue with whatever software modding you were doing .
it greatly depends on what conditions made your phone to freeze , but generally a long press ( 10 sec ) on the power button might get your phone to reset itself . ymmv , though .
yes . i can power down my frozen galaxy tab ( with an unremoveable battery ) by holding down the power button for more than 10 seconds . before i found that out , i used to wait for the battery to drain overnight when the tablet had frozen .
you do not need any special software . on recent linux distributions such as ubuntu 13.04 , all the right drivers for mtp are installed by default . when you plug your phone in , you get a file manager window that shows the contents of your phone . the phone appears as a normal directory , so you can drag-n-drop files , use rsync to sync files , or anything else you normally do to move or manage files . some apps , such as shotwell ( for photos ) and clementine ( for music ) also detect that your phone acts as a media player , and offer specific functionality for syncing a music collection , transferring and processing photos , in a high-level interface that works on playlists and albums instead of just files . you do not need to use this kind of software , but it is there if you prefer not to worry about exactly where each file is stored . on older ubuntu versions and some other distributions , you might need to install one or more mtp-related packages through the package manager to make this work . you still do not need any hardware-specific software , and the forum or manual for your distribution will explain exactly what setup is needed .
try this : how to change shutdown animation as it says , you will find the location of the animation is "/system/media/video/shutdown "
just installed picscribe . this allows you to add comments to exif data . can not tell you if its a keeper app , as i have yet to abuse its power . . . ! ; - )
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
assuming you are using ics ( android 4.0 ) , do the following to change your input method . goto Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Keyboard and input methods then check the box in front of the menu item Google voice typing now you can select the voice typing as your input method .
you can try to press and hold the pair/reset button on the back of the revue for 10 seconds . source using the hardware button press and hold the pair/reset button located to the left side of the left hdmi port on the back of the box for about 10 seconds . the revue will then restart with factory default settings . using the menus 1 . from the home screen select applications . 2 . choose settings . 3 . select about . 4 . choose factory data reset . 5 . select reset device . 6 . select erase everything . the pair/reset button is the one identified by number ( 1 ) on page 3 of the logiteh revue manual .
with the helpful assistance from couple of people from xda developers forum i was able to fix the gps . i have found a modem file that was supposed to fix it in this xda thread , and did everything by the instructions there . all i had to do is download a .zip file that contains two modem files ( mk2 modem ) in it , and flash them in order with odin . after that i checked the gps with gps status app and it locked onto a satellite blazing fast . i noticed couple of hours later that suddenly the cellular signal was really weak in area that should have full coverage . so i flashed this modem ( bn4 ) and it fixed it ( and the gps also fine ) .
you can download applications over a wifi connection without any phone plan . for example , i recently removed an htc hero from my phone plan and was able to download applications to the phone over wifi with no problem . . . . even though i could not make calls . since android is not limited to phones or devices with wireless data plans , requiring a phone plan would not be possible for all android devices . additionally , with competion in the works like amazon 's upcoming android applications market , there will be too much disincentive for google to require a monthly fee for market access .
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
apps use ad cache to show you ads when both wi-fi and mobile network are disabled . you can use something like droidwall to prevent an app accessing the internet . but this requires a rooted phone .
well , if you had your 3g off , then they can not access that , i suggest if you did not override it , use apndroid from the market to do so and it also features a good widget . anyways , applications can not override your wifi settings , if it is off , then they can not turn it on , but if you left your 3g on without any overriding application , like apndroid , then they might use that , and this will ruin your data-plan . i suggest you use 3g watchdog and apndroid , both are available in the market , to ride and monitor your data-plan , and for wifi you got the power widget or any other mean to turn it on and off . keep in mind , keep your wifi and 3g off all the time until you decide you want to be connected . and if you enabled 3g , turn automatic sync before turning your 3g on , sync lives over mbs if you got more than two accounts to be synced as i do .
ok , so it seems the only way to do this on android is to contact shazam customer support , give them your imei number and they will send you the list .
sometimes misbehaving apps need to have their data cleared out and a fresh start . go to menu -> settings -> manage applications -> email ( or whatever app you are using . ) click on " clear data . " try setting up the profile again . if that does not work , you may have memory issues as already indicated . good luck .
sounds like your phone might not have enough storage space .
this happened repeatedly to me , i am not entirely sure why . what worked for me was to do a " clear data " ( in the applications screen ) on the email app . when i recreated the profile the next time , it stuck . it may not work for you , but it is worth a shot .
http://www.android-x86.org/ this is the only android distribution for intel/amd processors that i am aware of . it has little support , but is actively maintained . the latest version is a release candidate for android 2.3 . obviously hardware support is hit and miss . for what it is worth it runs very well on my eee pc . you can install the iso to a usb drive with unetbootin , or use a drive imaging tool with the . img file .
are the correct drivers for your desire installed on the laptop ? i am using windows 7 and with the correct ( 64 bit ) drivers installed , it just connects to the desire and sees it as a connected network adapter .
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
there are two possible counter possibilities : first possibility : in case the rooting is done by scripts and certain binary tools you can check if the binary tools are standard tools , and e.g. included in the android open source project ( aosp ) . in such a case you could compile the tool yourself or search the net for multiple sources . in the ned use the one from the most trustworthy . second possibility : use a virtual machine for executing the rooting software . using a virtual machine like vmware you can connect an usb device like an android phone into the guest os . therefore rooting the device from within the guest os is usually possible and does not affect the host os .
i do not know if there is a way to save them directly on the device , but i do know of a tool called sms backup + that i have been using almost since my fist android phone in 2008 , and before i used sms backup + , i used sms backup . this application will backup your sms messages and call log to your gmail . it puts them in to sms/calllog labels so they do not clutter your inbox , but it is a very handy thing to have all your messages backed up . especially when your wife says " i told you to get 3 loafs of bread " , you can pull up and say , " nope , see you said 30 loafs " . . . sms backup + can not only backup your sms/call log , but it can also restore them . the developer says mms is also " coming soon " . ( but he has said that for a while not , not that i am in any rush for that feature ) . and , did i mention , the app is free . even if i was able to save them to my phone , i would have deleted them 100x over by now with all the times i have done factory resets , new sdcards , etc . gmail also has way more storage available then my sim , device , or sdcard . it is also more reliable . i have never lost data stored in my gmail , but i have had 4 sdcards fail on me .
for just backing up and restoring messages , you can try sms backup and restore which backs up to an xml file on your sd card . you can use the xml file to view messages in a web browser or ms excel , etc . as well .
you can use email to save the messages from device to computer . use gmail . other solution is try vibosoft android mobile manager , it can export all data from phone to computer , but also it can send messages from pc to phone .
i have an htc kaiser ( at and t tilt ) that i had google maps installed on . google maps gave me the number of satellites that it could see in parentheses at all times . when i used my phone 's internal gps , i would get about 4 satellites , when i would use an external bluetooth gps , i would get about 12 satellites . when i use my tomtom , i get about 7 . the number of satellites is the biggest deal for getting good location ; the more the better . i never tried an external gps antenna on my htc kaiser to see if it was just the antenna that was the issue or if it was something else . the program called " gps status " available from google play store , will show you how accurate your gps is at any given time . the number of bins with green bars in them is the number of satellites that your phone can " hear/see " at any given time and then it also gives you the accuracy in meters on the display .
assisted gps ( agps ) chips that you find in most cell phones require some assistance from the cell phone network ( the towers ) to get an initial fix . no matter how accurate they are , they will not work well without a cell tower in range compared to a stand-alone gps chipset .
the gps chip used in the android devices ( usually sirf star 3/4 ) are of civilian grade . civilian grade chips has some deliberate limitations in par with military grade chips . the civilian chips does have some intentional errors called " selective availablity " . hence , whether it is android or iphone or bluetooth gps receiver or a dedicated unit which could be handheld or the one in car comes under civilian category which cannot be more accurate than 20 meters under the best possible satellite lock ( of course , with agps it can be improved ) . please check the wikipedia article which says " . . . improving the precision of civilian gps from 100 meters ( 330 ft ) to 20 meters ( 66 ft ) . " iphone uses broadcom 's bcm4750 chip and android phones ( samsung galaxy s2 ) uses sirf star 4 . interestingly , a web page claims " the published steady state position accuracy of the bcm4750 is 2m . " , which in my opinion could not be correct . in this research publication it is said as " iphone 4 exhibits an offset ( of about 20 metres ) " , which seems to be more scientific and correlates with the wikipedia page . however , all these talks are about hardware aspect only . it is the software that reads the input from chip , processes it and displays . if it is not doing a good job , well , still it spoils the show . so , finally my answer would be again be a question " if all these civilian gps devices cannot be accurate by more than 20 meters , does it mean anything to say x is good and y is bad ? ; - ) " update thanks to @ropo i observe that selective availability is indeed removed . here is the official statement , which says : selective availability ( sa ) was an intentional degradation of public gps signals implemented for national security reasons . in may 2000 , at the direction of president bill clinton , the u.s. government discontinued its use of selective availability in order to make gps more responsive to civil and commercial users worldwide . the united states has no intent to ever use selective availability again . in september 2007 , the u.s. government announced its decision to procure the future generation of gps satellites , known as gps iii , without the sa feature . doing this will make the policy decision of 2000 permanent and eliminate a source of uncertainty in gps performance that had been of concern to civil gps users worldwide . please take a look at a question at stackoverflow as well .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
for some reason , my contacts were sorted by organization and name , but something happened that my contacts were linked and the organization name dropped off . if you go to those contacts that just show number , click edit , then link , and then from the drop-down , select the organization name . . . too much work for something that was working fine , but that was my work-around .
on my evo when i add a contact with an organization and no name the organization is the displayed name . maybe try going to a contact and hitting edit ? this might get the phone to prepare the contact .
on my htc magic , i just put the business name in the contact 's name field , then have all the businesses in a contacts group called " businesses " for when i want to find one of them quickly . to be honest this is also the way i used to do it on my old palm , too .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
for the current version of google maps ( 7.2.0 ) set Settings &gt; Google location settings &gt; Location Reporting &gt; Off on your tablet . for more details see the google help page . for an older version of google maps ( 6.14.4 ) i found : Settings &gt; Location settings &gt; Report from this device .
this is probably overkill and might not even work , but you could root your tablet and install cyanogenmod , which lets you revoke permissions for individual apps . so you could revoke permission for latitude to access your location on the tablet , but leave the rest of the app running . this may just cause it to crash , though .
if you go to settings in your latitude , under location reporting it gives you the option " do not update your location " . another option is to just turn off the gps on your tablet , this way it will not give your position in latitude .
under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google, Privacy &gt; Maps &amp; Lattitude , i have disabled the option " report from this device " on my nexus 7 tablet . this makes my phone the only device to update my location .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
it is an official update , so the signature should be perfectly valid . there are a couple things to check : you did not mention where you saved the update . zip . make sure it is in the /sdcard/ folder -- try viewing it via a file manager on your phone to ensure it is there . i assume you have done this already , but make sure your bootloader is unlocked . the download might have been corrupted . try the download again , and verify its validity with the md5 sum ( 3e8908941043951da5a34bb2043dd1a0 ) what is your specific model number ? perhaps this update does not work for your model . you can try this 2.3.6 for the gt-i9023 / gt-i9020t : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/1ada25375426.signed-soju-ota-189904.1ada2537.zip or this 2.3.6 for the gt-i9020a : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespoa/0b9c8148de0d.signed-sojua-ota-189904.0b9c8148.zip
you do not state whether it freezes up while downloading of other apps . i am assuming it does . what i had to do when the playstore froze ( halted ) on every download was as follows : 1 ) force close playstore , play services , and services framework 2 ) clear data playstore and play services 3 ) reboot into recovery 4 ) wipe dalvik-cache and cache 5 ) reboot 6 ) check the playstore again for working download i have had that happen a couple of times when flashing the wrong gapps package or by not doing a simple wipe before and after flashing . if the problem persists you will need to access your google account through the browser , not on your android , but on your pc and clear your data . i do not remember the exact steps that way , but i did find info in the help files there . the only other solution from there is to do a factory reset , just make sure you do a backup of your device before resetting . only do the factory reset as a last resort . edit : one more thing you can do is run a logcat , basically a running list of what is happening at specific times during application operation . i am not qualified to give you the right means of accomplishing that , just too much info , but i have found a wonderful write up from the xda forums on this . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1726238 this should show at what point the app is freezing and what is going wrong . good luck
ok this happens to me all the time i just go to app settings and then go to google play and them force stop and there it works
i have had many similar problems with several apps . sometimes , they say they are downloading but will not really download . make sure that you have agreed to any permissions that the kindle app asks for .
use " battery monitor widget " app from play store . it can monitor the current flowing through the battery while charging . i identified my nexus 7s charger and an aftermarket charger 's performance this way .
there is currently no way of accessing the history without a device that has a scrollwheel . for some reason , google did not implement any ui or touch screen functions with the history , and therefore the only way to access it is to scroll down with a scrollwheel . there is a bug report here . there is an improved calculator app from cyanogenmod called cyanogenmod calculator , which has a history . ( the link should work but is untested since google play throws an ssl certificate error on my current connection )
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
sadly there is no such option in the official gmail app . you can try using a third party mail client with more options such as k-9 mail : http://k9mail.org/
well , yes smtp headers can be seen over the gmail apps . login to your e-mail account ( which i am sure you are logged in over your gmail app ) . click over the email you wish to see headers on . on the upper right portion of the message box , you will see a reply or reply-to-all button , with a small downward pointing arrow . click the small arrow . you will see the message sub-menu , and an option for " show original " click " show original " is that you are trying to do ?
i thought proprietary software can not be distributed alongside a gplv2 linux kernel which android runs on top of . no , the so-called " viral " nature of gpl does not apply to things that are merely distributed together : it only comes into play when statically linking gpl and other code into a single binary . including non-free kernel modules and non-free apks in a linux system such as android is perfectly fine . if it were not ok , this would be a problem for desktop linux distributions as well , which often rely on non-free drivers for certain hardware ( most commonly gpus ) , and non-free user-space applications ( such as skype ) .
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
you obviously took a screenshot by accident . since you also have google+ installed , all pictures that are saved on a special place ( in this case the ' camera shots ' album ) are automatically uploaded to your google+ album , but not published . you can turn off auto upload of pictures in the settings from the google+ app .
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
i know an answer has already been accepted but i just wanted to add that you can also use es file explorer ( i am not the developer i just know some prefer it to astro ) however you must download the es bookmark manager in order for it to work . in order to create the shortcut just long-click on a folder from within the app and select " shortcut " from the context menu . a shortcut to that folder will appear on your home screen . if you do not already have the " bookmark manager " installed it will prompt you to download it from the market hope this helps
the file jump app provides the functionality to create shortcuts to files directly . you can create home-screen shortcuts to your images and then drag them into home-screen folders - just an option !
if you install a file manager app like astro file manager you can put any files into any directory you create , including pictures . then all you have to do is make a shortcut to that directory on the home screen .
go to phone &gt; menu &gt; call settings &gt; internet call settings &gt; accounts
this often happens if you have sync turned off or your refresh interval is not often enough . i am able to turn my sync on an off through a toggle in my notification bar , and most phones can do the same . make sure sync for all services is on through that method . it is also not enough just to have notifications turned on through the app settings . make sure that notifications are also turned on in gmail by going to gmail> settings> ( your account ) and checking the notifications box . you can also check the " sync gmail " box . this works for me and i get my gmail notifications pushed to my phone almost immediately .
checklist : do you have proper network/data reception ( not in airplane mode , properly connected to wifi , etc . . ) are you using check settings-> data usage-> ' set mobile data limit ' ? in settings , make sure ' google ' is setup under accounts . select google and then click on the email address that you are verifying . the ' sync ' submenu will come up . verify that ' gmail ' is checked ( it will also tell you the last time it sync'ed ) .
when an sgs will not go into recovery mode , there is a couple things you can try . one thing is to hold all the buttons to get into recovery or download mode ( voldown + power + home , or volup + power + home , or voldown + volup + power depending on your model ) until the device has reset 2 or 3 times , and then release power so that the device stops resetting . hopefully then it will go into the appropriate mode . if not , attempt again but this time do it while the device is plugged into usb . another thing to try is to remove the battery , then insert it while holding the above buttons . you may want to try multiple resets combined with this as well , as well as having it plugged into usb . once you get it into recovery mode , you can try restoring your backup and/or doing a factory reset and clearing the dalvik cache . if you get it into download mode , i recommend using odin to flash a stock rom as per this question 's answer : can only access 2.2gb of internal storage from windows . just use an i9000 rom , not the captivate roms linked in that questions . you can find one at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=846913 , for example the newest europe/middle east/asia one is i9000xwjs8 .
instead of explicitly pushing a file to your android device , have a look at cloud storage providers . for example dropbox or google drive . imho that is a superior approach , but it comes with two drawbacks : privacy/security concerns ( sometimes ) the file will have to be uploaded first before you can retrieve it on your device . there is no direct file transfer from your pc to the device which is desirable when dealing with large files .
awesome drop does exactly what you are looking for . drag and drop into a page on your pc 's browser and the are automatically downloaded to your device . edit : here are a couple other options : wifi syncr : if you are connected to the same wifi network this will do exactly what you want . you basically setup a shared folder in windows and anything you put in that folder is pushed to the designated folder on your device . it is a one way sync : pc => device . you may be able to set this up to work remotely over the internet if you use a dynamic dns service but i do not really know . you can use a cloud service like flow mentioned in his answer and couple that with an app that will automatically keep the local folders on your device synced so you will not have to manually download each file . i personally use dropsync with my dropbox account . i have also used foldersync with google drive ( foldersync actually syncs with tons of cloud services ) . both are paid apps but have lite versions that limit you to one folder which would work . the drawback to this method is that there is a way to set it up to detect changes on your local device and sync immediately , however it can not detect changes to the cloud directory so files would only be downloaded to your device on the sync schedule you setup .
i think most similar way to do this like what google play does , is : if your files are saved on pc , and your device is connected to the same network as your pc ( including local networks without internet connection ) , then you can use remote android controllers , like free and powerful airdroid to upload files from pc to the device ( batch files and folder transfers are supported ) .
you might wish to give the external keyboard helper a try . take a look at this screenshot ( click for large variant ) : external keyboard helper ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) that is just two of its setting screens . see the second entry in the first ? chose keyboard layout . that is what you are looking for . and it should only apply to the external keyboard , while leaving your " software keyboard " untouched .
are you using stock / default keyboard ? open the keyboard settings ( in the keyboard , it is the cogwheel/gear icon to the left of the space bar ) . go to General settings &gt; Input languages and select english .
let me suggest you russian keyboard app . it allows you to choose different layouts for hardware and software keyboards ( one or multiple ) . it supports any layout ( including your own ) . and it is free . the only thing you should know is that selected layouts work as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
in the stock android messaging app , you can hold your finger on a message for a few moments and then select the " copy message text " option , then paste it into any app you had like . that would work fine for individual messages , as far as entire threads go , that i am not sure . i would probably go the geeky route personally and open up the . db file that contains all the text messages with an sqlite3 binary and manually peruse the database , copying what i need out of it .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
just try isync . it will back up all sms and calls on ur gmail account .
i would also like through my own answer into the mix - not as an android app but as a service you could potentially use if you are an android/gmail user . http://voice.google.com is a great tool that lets you send and receive texts through the browser as well as sending you transcripts via texts to your phone when people leave voice messages . you are given a phone number ( of your choice ) which you can keep forever which in case you change phone numbers , you can always be contacted through that number ( but you can block people by phone number and it says the number has been disconnected ) . the idea here is that if you give that google voice number to your friend and they send you a text to that number , you will receive it in your google voice inbox as well as your phone and it keeps conversations grouped like you would expect google to do .
to address your question in the comments : star this issue and perhaps leave a comment . hopefully google will take notice and improve the email app ! in the meantime , though , i do suggest using a third-party app . depend on your company 's rules , you could even create a secondary gmail account and either have your work emails forwarded to it or have gmail grab mail from your work account via pop3 or imap , and then you could use the gmail app for search .
operation system has different processes constantly being loaded in and out of memory and constantly changing states . it is complex than just the collection of files and folders . so , if you want to copy everything and restore everything just using file browser , it would be impossible . to save app data only , you can use titanium backup but you need root permissions .
i am confused by this though it would explain some things . running the same app on my nexus7 and my galaxy nexus , both on jellybean , the phone sees log output from all apps , the tablet does not . this would say that it is not jellybean its the nexus7 . backing this up , i have just checked and they both have different kernels . the tablet , with a newer one . maybe its the updated kernel that , means logs do not appear . guess i will have to root after all : (
no , for security reasons it is not possible to access android log files on the nexus 7 ( or any other device running jelly bean or higher ) without root access . google changed that with jelly bean . i would suggest you wait until logcat readers like alogcat and such get fixed ( i.e. . they will require root access to show all logs then ) . from aisec-tr-2012-001-android-os-security . pdf - 3.3 android permission model : the read_logs permission can substitute the following on many devices , depending on the android version and thus the standard apps’ versions installed : read_contacts get_tasks – every started activity is listed in the system’s logs read_history_bookmarks – opening new web pages is a browser activity and thus logged read_sms all solutions below require root access : you need to either run logcat as root in a shell or manually grant it via the shell pm command ( root required ) works also ( see xda , exchange org . jtb . alogcat . donate with the app 's pkg name ) : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS this is for the lazy ones and not suggested : if you are desperate , careless and lazy , you can fix it by giving every app the read_logs permission by applying this ugly and insecure hack ( chainfire via twitter ) : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat to quote cyanogenmod developer koushik dutta 's g+ post : did the android log permissions/behavior change in jellybean ? it seems that if an application runs " logcat " now , it can see only the log entries created by its uid . log lines from other uids are not shown . basically , it seems to be filtered now . i have the same permissions as usual . also confirmed the same thing is happening in other log collector apps .
well , that is hard to say . its either your phone , your headset or both of them . i would say : go to a shop , ask to test a new one . if they work : buy them , its just your headset . if they do not work : test your headset in another phone . if they work : it is your phone . if they do not : its your phone and you headset .
this is set in hardware , there is nothing you can do about this . you can learn more about this in http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=395c29e6b9cab6bchl=en
as al says , settings > applications > manage applications , go to app and press clear cache seems to do the trick .
im not sure , but try this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionfixfeature=search_result
1 ) on which physical storage does " memory " sit when the specs say " memory " , it is referring to the ram that the device has . this is not persistent storage , it is " volatile " storage , which loses its information when unpowered ( after a brief discharge time ) . ram is memory the system and apps use to function , for things like storing the state of an application ( variables , functions , etc ) , graphics buffers , and the like . most mobile systems on a chip will have the ram attached directly to the cpu die to make it as fast as possible . as per the specs : the device has 1 gb of ram available to the system and running apps . it reports less than this because the system reserves some for things like the cellular radio and the graphics chip , which it will not give to user processes . the hardware info app is reporting the amount of ram available to user processes . 2 ) on which physical storage does " internal storage " sit in this case , " internal storage " and " sd storage " refer to the same physical storage area . this is persistent storage , generally flash or emmc based , that is soldered onto the motherboard . the storage chip is partitioned into two pieces , which you can visualize roughly like so : internal storage is where apps and their private data are stored ; e.g. it is the /data partition . sd storage is accessible via usb when attached to a computer , and is where media ( music , photos , videos , etc ) , downloads , and any non-private app data will be stored . again , looking at your specs , you can see that : the device has 16 gb of storage . that is , it has a 16 gb storage chip embedded in it . of that , 2 gb is partitioned as " internal memory " for apps the remaining is partitioned for " sd storage " ( 13 gb , in your case , probably due to filesystem overhead and such ; this is very common ) . this partitioning scheme as become somewhat less common since android migrated to media transfer protocol for providing access to the storage from a pc . the reason the separate partitions were originally necessary is because android used ums in the earlier versions ( anything &lt ; 3.0 ) , which requires block-level access to the storage space , meaning android had to unmount the storage space that it provided to the pc . a consequence of this was that the entire partition could not be given to the pc because android would basically cease to function until you unplugged your phone if it did . the storage space and the ram are unrelated to one another , and are not on the same physical chip . they serve entirely different purposes .
no . to find out the ip addresses you had have to be able to connect to the dhcp server that handles giving out the ip addresses for that subnet , get and ip address and a subnet mask , and then scan the subnet for active ips . to do this , you will have to be connected to the access point .
too lazy to post a detailed answer . but no , you need do not necessarily need root to install a custom rom like cyanogenmod . but , you need to flash a custom recovery like clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery which you will use to install cyanogenmod . some custom roms ( like cm ) will give you root . for detailed installation guide for your phone , refer to ( caution : this is for cm 10.2 , but the steps should be similar for cm 11 ) cm 's official wiki . it contains all the information you need , including back-up .
no , you do not need to root your phone to install cm . and it is perfectly safe ! to backup your phone there are several non-root apps but apps with root privileges do the best job and are preferred . i am sure you can safely root your phone without voiding warranty . check this for rooting : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2235366 also , for backing up , these links will help : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1502526 http://forums.androidcentral.com/verizon-samsung-galaxy-s4/288940-backup-before-flashing.html http://androidforums.com/android-applications/515723-backing-up-everything-before-flashing-phone.html
the installer app is not compatible with the verizon variant of the galaxy s3
that is rather a shell scripting question to be asked at super user . your answer can be found here : extract filename and extension in bash : should work on most shells , supposedly . update : you can even omit half of your script by adapting this to your original statements : dexopt-wrapper $i1 ${i1%.*}.odex should create the file with the correct naming , so no need to rename it later . to make your script real short and handy : that is all you should need : )
you need to update to 2.3 for play store . or root you os , install xda assistant and uninstall the bundled google market . now install cwm , download and install gappss . it will surely help .
clearing the cache did not work for me but uninstalling updates did work .
clearing the cache worked for me . settings / applications / manage applications / google play store and then clear data .
when it comes to user authentication , mobile browsers are no different from desktop browsers . mobile browsers do not get login credentials from local android accounts . if your primary google account is used automatically , it means you are logged in with this in dolphin browser . simply , go to google . com and sign out , then try again with trello .
at least google chrome beta asks before using automatic sign in . i would recommend the browser anyway , it is much better than any alternative , even though it does not include flash .
this is a common problem with parents giving their phones for children to play with . see my answer here for some related information . essentially , it is a security problem . if i take away your right to use the back button ( or more importantly , the home button ) , then you can not quit my app and therefore i have hi-jacked your phone . therefore , the only way you are going to get around this is if there some method to do this with a rooted phone . or if an application/game supports some sort of " kid lock " that might not be foolproof . developers can override the back/menu/search button intents , but i do not think they can override the home button unless it is a home launcher app . take a quick look at this search on the android market . there are some games specifically tailored to this problem that you might find interesting .
the issue persisted even after the 2.2 upgrade . switching to touchdown is one reasonably inexpensive alternative .
i would suggest using k-9 mail , a much better email app than the built-in . on my imap4 accounts , the notifications are cleared when the phone pulls the emails again . have not tried this with a push account , but i would imagine it will work with a possible delay of your pull interval .
how often is your exchange email on your phone syncing to the exchange server ? it may not be going away because the sync is not set soon enough ? my guess is that it does not know that the email was marked as read until it syncs back to the server .
the problem went away after the ics update was pushed out .
actually , they now have their very own google analytics app . enjoy ! description from google play : essential data for your sites and apps . anywhere , anytime . the google analytics app shows what is new and what is important on your google analytics profiles . see real time statistics , customizable dashboards and intelligence events on your phone .
there is now an official google analytics app . it requires android 2.1 or greater . blog announcement
have you tried any of these applications on the market ? additionally , you should be able to see most of the data via the web except for their graphs ( which uses flash , you had need android 2.2 to view those ) .
as an answer to my own question ( which i re-discovered just now ) , i can tell i have installed : manaltyics : gives you several charts and data of all your web sites coupled to you google account . very nice . analytics widget : widget which when clicked , will update one count of one of your sites . different widgets can be created . very handy to follow the most important data . enjoy .
there are several factors , which i will address ( pun intended ) in no particular order . ram is expensive sure , memory chips may be cheap , but that is not the only ( or even the main ) cost . alongside the ram itself you need extra buses , power lines , bigger memory controllers , heatsinks , and c . the ram also takes physical space on-chip . for oomph-per-dollar , at the moment , you are better off increasing cache sizes rather than memory sizes . also , do not forget how power-hungry ram is . doubling the ram capacity means doubling its power budget , which means either your battery life gets even worse , or you need bigger batteries . now , you could say that the extra ram could be powered down until it is needed , but ( a ) do not forget that android currently tries to keep all the ram full to save cpu cycles , so the software changes to support that would be very expensive , and ( b ) that is just giving app developers another way to screw up and run your battery down . so , it is not as cheap as all that , and you do not want to add more ram until you can really use it , which you can not , because of 32-bit processors remember how desktops and servers only started having lots of ram when 64-bit processors became popular ? that is because 32-bit processors can only have 4 gb of address space . that has to include all the ram you want to access , plus any memory-mapped buffers for accessing other hardware and storage . by the time you count everything , it effectively limits you to accessing about 3gb of ram . with lpae ( the arm equivalent of intel 's pae ) you can make that a per-process limit rather than a whole-system limit . that is , you could have 8 gb of ram in your device , and each process could use up to 3gb of it . but that is not as useful for a phone as it is for a server , because of single-tasking unlike ios , android lets apps run background services , but realistically , they are not going to be doing memory-intensive operations . you do not need 2 gb of ram to sync your email and contacts , and for more intensive background operations , the trend has been to put them in " the cloud " , letting big servers handle the heavy lifting and just send the results to your screen . if you think of a smartphone and tablet as just a thin client connected to internet services , there is no way you had even need 1 gb of ram . ram demands have only grown past that because of increasing screen resolutions and the need to supply large textures to games . you mentioned potential for multitasking , but it is a tiny minority of users would would ever be swapping between two memory-hungry apps on a tablet or phone . maybe a paint program and a 3d modelling app ? this may be something that changes if manufacturers start bringing android to desktops or more powerful portables , but right now ram is not the only thing stopping people using their devices that way . even if you are multitasking , you have fast non-volatile memory android devices have an extra advantage that means they do not need as much ram as desktops or servers : fast non-volatile storage . you mentioned swapping to disk in your question , so do not forget that windows has been doing this with readyboost , which uses a flash drive as virtual memory ( the windows equivalent of swap space ) . using flash memory as swap is actually pretty fast , especially when it is internal memory ( so the system integrator can tune everything for its latency and bandwidth ) rather than an arbitrary sd card . android already lets apps pack up their gui state into special storage before they go away . this lets background processes take up less memory , and provides a path for android to move that state to non-volatile memory . i would expect to see this mechanism used a lot more cleverly in software to make the most of the ram you already have , before manufacturers start pushing the 32-bit limit . to summarise : there is no reason android devices can not have more memory , but adding more is not just a question of going to pc world and buying a stick of ddr . at the same time , most users will not see any benefit from the extra memory ; the way android devices are used and the way android apps are written would have to change before they would . if you want to replace your home server with a cheap , power-efficient arm computer , there is no need to look to android for that . you can get small arm servers that run gnu/linux , and even some mainstream nases are easy to install a gnu/linux distro on . you might even be able to repurpose an android device for this ( for example , ubuntu 13.04 is supposed to run on a nexus 7 ) .
clockworkmod tether does usb tethering without root and bluetooth tethering is planned ( it is still in alpha ) . unfortunately , from what i understand only windows , linux and mac os will be supported , but who knows what will happen in the future ( maybe wi-fi support ) . koush 's apps are great .
i use pdanet for the usb tether ( which is something like $16 ) and foxfi ( free on the android market ) foxfi enables wi-fi without rooting . i use it all the time , even for running my kids wii . should work fine for running your tablets , iphones , and ipads , etc . works great for using my laptop while traveling also . they both work awesome for me .
this was way simpler than i thought it was . i was trying to get this working for days now but it is actually really simple . my first approach was using reverse tethering , having the idea that i would need the android device to get its internet/lan connection from the pc and not the other way around . though that is not the case , just enable usb tethering on your android device and thats all you need . after you did that , open a terminal emulator window on the device or open an adb shell session with the command adb shell . enter netcfg to print out all the ips and look for a device named rndis0 or usb0 or maybe another name , depending on your rom or device . simply look at all the devices that are " up " and make sure its not wifi or mobile data connection , you can recognize them by the device name . if you think you found the correct adapter ( it should not show more than 2-3 devices that are listed as UP and have an valid ip next to it ) simply send your osc messages to that ip adress and it will work just fine . this should work with about any network protocol . you should be able to access the device over another computer aswell by setting up some port forwarding on the host pc to the android device ip and sending your messages to the pcs ip . or maybe using the android ip adress works aswell though i somewhat doubt your router is aware of the device . double check the ip if its not working , it will not be the same sub network as your lan . i made that mistake with my first try and blindly entered the first 3 number blocks without having a closer look .
as updating some app will lead to temporary removal of apps from the application drawer . so you can simply reset your phone by pressing power button for 5 seconds . it will reload all the states of your phone . just try it it worked for me everytime
google maps new version is all rounder application for your navigation and maps , you can find that feature inside your new google map application itself , that is the reason why your applications has been some applications are replaced with brand new application which offer all features of replaced applications .
use hitchernet to transfer your files . it allows custom file saving location .
i use es file explorer to transfer huge files ( in gbs ) between my rooted phone and unrooted nexus 7 tablet . when doing a wi-fi based transfer ( i.e. . using send option ) , es file explorer asks for destination in the target device and i can choose where ever i want ( in the context of the question , i can choose a path leading to a folder in my external card ) .
there are a bunch of " headset button controllers " out there in the wild , several are even going by that name . a search for " headset control " will give you a list of candidates . some are generic ones , some are specific to a given headset manufacturer ( but still working with others ) . do not let yourself be disappointed if the first one you chose does not work exactly as you wish , simply try another ( i found mine on the third match ) : it is not that your headset is " incompatible " , it is the combination of headset , device , and app to make the perfect match which might need a couple of tries .
hit the volume up and power buttons simultaneously ( do not hold the keys ) .
after giving thought to what geffchang said above , i came across with the app skitch which can be used to highlight webpages as you wish . added advantage for this app is you can directly synchronize your work with evernote , a widely used note-taking app .
seems to be a google issue . there is a blog post on swiftkey 's support site . essentially : the issue is that google play installs paid apps in a particular location on your phone and that in some versions of android ( particularly 4.1 on samsung devices ) this location is not available at the point in the boot process where keyboards are being switched on . so your phone does not know that you have swiftkey , and it defaults back to the phone’s keyboard .
swiftkey recommends : place the swiftkey icon on your home screen , then resetting it as your input method will literally only take two clicks . this is a known issue in android code , and as per https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34880 will be fixed in the next version of android you receive . ( paraphrased for clarity )
the issue has been reported to swiftkey who have responded with the following : we’ve worked with google to determine the cause of the issue . after researching this in depth , google has told us this is a regression in the android framework . they’ve also assured us that this will be resolved in a future update to the android operating system
if that happens on linux the reason is usually that the adb daemon is unable to write to the usb device in /dev . for more information see this answer on stackoverflow .
have you installed the relevant adb drivers for your device , and is it in usb debugging mode ? if that fails , then you could always compile it and copy it to your device , and install it using a file manager .
there are number of thermal printer available in market with their own sdk . here is the ans of your queries : can print text and basic graphics ( e . g . qr codes ) yes we can print the basic graphics from the thermal printers . you can check the epson , casio or any other chinese printer in market . can connect to my android directly via bt or usb , without cloud printing or internet connection yes , you can connect with those printer via bluetooth , wifi or usb . also one more thing is you can install your printer drivers on server and directly send the printing request to the server . this feature allow you to print form anywhere no issue or slow connection like we face in bt and wifi . is generally reliable , and can handle a few hundreds of prints every day yes , thermal printers are reliable and work very well . you can print any number of prints from thermal printers . is thermal printing a good idea ? are there any thermal printers that play nicely with android ? thermal printer is a very good idea because it is available in very small amount . that is small in size so no need to make an extra place for the printer . for the developers here is one sample how to deal with thermal printer stackexchange-url
i work for a thermal printer manufacturer based in india ( mumbai ) . we have the perfect solution for your requirements : our 2" bluetooth printer . we can also provide a sample apk file , and the source code to integrate the printer with your application . if you want more information , please contact us .
what you are looking for is usually known as a ' receipt printer ' . a quick google for ' bluetooth receipt printer ' turns up a number of models from a variety of manufacturers ( quite a few of them are actually battery powered and portable - like you see at car rental places ) . the big problem here is that android does not really have any concept of local printing , so i think you are going to have to implement it yourself . android does have bluetooth communications apis ( docs ) , and i would be surprised if the printer manufacturers have not heard all this before , and have at least clues how to proceed ( after all , they like to sell printers ! ) . if you will be buying a significant number of printers , i bet they will happily help you talk to their devices . if that is too expensive for you ( and those printers look a bit pricey ) , then you could try usb . again , you can find usb receipt printers , which again you will have to learn to talk to . android does have a set of usb apis ( docs ) . on the plus side , my quick google for ' usb receipt printer ' turned up some sub-$75 choices right away , so this might be a good approach if you are price sensitive . i would also be willing to bet that at least some of the usb printers are actually serial devices with something like an ftdi chip bolted up to them . that means that talking to them is probably not very difficult . alternately , if you can find a cheap receipt printer that is serial or something , you could look at the ioio boards and software stack as a way to interface your android tablet to some funky printer . these are boards that adhere to the relevant android apis + software that makes them easy to talk to . the boards are available commercially , and the schematics are available , if you want to build your own , and they are designed to make hardware interfacing easy .
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
offhand , it sounds like your battery is still too low a charge to actually turn on . make sure you leave it plugged in and the led is on or pulsing . do not turn it off while charging . if you are still having problems , your best bet is to contact the support team .
to start make sure your device is unplugged . then run : df -h  that will show you the list of currently mounted devices . now plug in your device and run the same command again . you should see that there is a new device mounted . now all you have to do is cd into that mount point to access the files . here is my example output : if for some reason your device is not getting mounted , you should try to download adb : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/installing-adb-on-ubuntu-the-easy-way/ run adb and it should try to manage your android device . adb start 
found the combination to enter the recovery mode . holding the power button and volume up - after 10 seconds the tablet shuts down , after 5 more seconds shows " service menu " . first for half a second there appears a standing android with spinning blue thing in front of him , and after half a second there appears a lying android with open bonnet and a red exclamation mark ( error ) and nothing else on the screen . then you have to hold the power again and press the volume up - the menu appears . cleared the cache and device started normally . that is pretty weird , as i have re-installed the whole system and cleaned the cache with fastloader . but it works now : )
with version 1.3 , this is now an option in swype . you have to log in with your credentials ( i think you probably registered when you downloaded the beta installer ) . it gives you the option to backup and sync your dictionary across other devices using swype . http://www.swype.com/about/specifications/
go to download mode and flash galaxy s2 firmware/recovery using heimdall or odin ( over usb ) . there is no other way .
if i enable location sharing in latitude , that comes with google maps , all my friends with whom i have enabled sharing can see me either from their phone or logging in to google maps .
are you sure that this is camera ? it is more likely a light/proximity sensor . . .
boot up your phone . when it gets stuck on the logo , remove battery then place it again .
i am not sure what version of android you are running and not quite sure this is what you are asking but on my ice cream sandwich nexus s if i request a delivery receipt then a little tick appears in the message once it is been delivered . i have got messages from april 18th and they still have the confirmation tick on them so yes android stores them . here 's a screenshot of what they look like on my phone :
you can use one of the " headset button controls " available on the playstore , e.g. jays headset control or philips headset . both allow you to define an app started automatically when your headset attaches , and as well to assign actions on short/long/combined headset button presses . to make that better understandable , let 's take the morse code : . is short , - is long press . so the default configuration e.g. does on . . . . play/pause or answer incoming call - increase volume .- decrease volume .. skip to next title or reject incoming call and more , up to triple combinations . with most of these apps , actions can be freely configured .
the short version of @gathrawn 's nicely complete answer : there is no requirement that nokia 's lumia fails to fulfil in order to be able to run android . the problem is that ( 1 ) nokia has not released an android version compatible with the hardware ( ie , no drivers/firmware for the hardware for android ) and ( 2 ) nokia is fully partnered with microsoft , and so unlikely to either release the info necessary for third parties to develop their own android version for the lumia , nor release an android version themselves as it would violate their agreements with ms to sell phones with a ms os .
because microsoft owns nokia and microsoft 's windows phone and google 's android are strong rivals . https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2013/sep13/09-02announcementpr.aspx
just because something is technically possible , that does not mean that it will happen . a large company needs a good financial reason to do something expensive like porting a new os to their devices . and even if there is a financial reason to do it , they may still be stopped for political reasons . in this case the political reason is the overwhelming reason that nokia themselves have not released any android devices , or given any public support to porting android to their devices . back at the start of 2011 microsoft and nokia formed a partnership around windows phone , some points below excerpted from their press release announcing this : nokia and microsoft today announced plans to form a broad strategic partnership nokia would adopt windows phone as its principal smartphone strategy , innovating on top of the platform in areas such as imaging , where nokia is a market leader . nokia and microsoft will combine our strengths to deliver an ecosystem with unrivalled global reach and scale . part of that agreement ( the bullet point above ) was that nokia would ditch their own smartphone os development efforts , and adopt microsoft 's windows phone os as their main os . back before that agreement nokia had a number of smartphone os 's , their main one was the ageing symbian os that came out of a previous industry partnership that included nokia , samsung , motorola , and sony ericsson . they also had internal efforts to create other smartphone/device oss such as meego ( a linux based os ) , and maemo ( also a linux based os ) . development on all of these was either halted , massively cut , or handed off to other companies after the microsoft agreement . more recently ( in september 2013 ) it was revealed that there was an internal team in nokia that were secretly testing android on their lumia phones , as a backup option in case windows phone failed : but nokia 's experimentation with android was not limited to the bottom of the line : the company was also testing google 's platform on its mainstream lumia range to hedge against the possible failure of windows phone . microsoft became aware of that particular effort , but as the testing was early on in the windows phone partnership , it is not believed that it contributed to microsoft 's decision to purchase nokia 's device business . quote from the verge article : nuclear options : microsoft was testing surface phone while nokia experimented with android a team within nokia had android up and running on the company’s lumia handsets well before microsoft and nokia began negotiating microsoft’s $7.2 billion acquisition of nokia’s mobile phone and services business , according to two people briefed on the effort who declined to be identified because the project was confidential . . . . on one level , nokia’s android effort is not shocking . companies often have “plan bs” in the works in case they need to change course on strategy or want to help negotiate better terms with partners . getting android to run on nokia’s hardware was not a herculean engineering effort , according to the people familiar with the project . still , a functioning nokia android phone could have served as a powerful prop in nokia’s dealings with microsoft , a tangible reminder that nokia could move away from microsoft’s windows phone software and use the android operating system , which powers more than three out of every four smartphones sold globally . . . . the current status of nokia’s android project is unclear . presumably , after microsoft completes its acquisition of nokia’s phone business early next year , there won’t be much future for it . excerpts from the new york times article : behind microsoft deal , the specter of a nokia android phone even though it seems that nokia have done a lot of the work to get android running on these phones , the political and financial realities of their partnership with microsoft will mean that the results of that project are unlikely to ever see the light of day . right now microsoft are in the process of buying nokia 's entire phone division , and obviously microsoft have no interest in selling phones running android , so nokia are unlikely to release any phones running android in the foreseeable future . for other info on known efforts to port android to devices that did not originally come with android , see this other question : can i install android on my non-android device ? the short answers are : nokia have not and probably never will release any official way to install android on their devices . they have been close partners with microsoft for years ( and are now being bought by them ) , microsoft want them to use their own competing phone os . android is open source , so yes , you could potentially install it and get it running on any hardware that meets the minimum specs , but before you can do that you ( or someone ) has to put a lot of work in to researching how all of the ( probably bespoke , custom and non-standard ) hardware works so that you can write drivers for that hardware and compile the os for that processor and architecture . some manufacturers that specialize in android devices and want to be hobbyist friendly release their android drivers to the public , or provide information and help for the public to write their own . nokia have no incentive to do this .
from inside the emulator , you can access the localhost of the host machine by using the ip address 10.0.2.2 ( source ) . for further info about creating an avd and using the emulator , check out the documentation .
( this may be os version dependant ) if you go into settings -> applications -> manage applications , you should be able to click on any app whether you installed it via the market or " side-loaded " it , and there is a permissions section if you scroll down that lists them all .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
yes , it is very possible . basically you can flash a rom ( custom or stock ) very easily , and this is equivalent to a full format and reinstall . basic steps would be : acquire preferred rom and transfer to sd card / internal memory reboot into recovery ( hold volume up as you power up the phone ) flash rom this is covered more in depth at these links ( xda is a great resource ) : overall " guides " for the xperia s " guide " to flashing the xperia s ( it is a fairly light-on-detail guide though , it is a very simple process )
i do not know about the twitter app , but if you are willing to use this site : https://ifttt.com/ then yes , it is possible . at this point ifttt does not appear to let you push tweets by a user other than yourself , so will not accomplish what is being asked .
this is an issue of login name and server name . after entering your email address and password . do not click next , but click manual setup . the next page should ask for your username , password ( properly fill in for you already ) , and exchange server . Username: &lt;Windows Domain&gt;\&lt;Windows Login&gt; Exchange Server: (you should know, or find out from your Outlook setting)  good luck !
you can go un-official , cm7 works great on it . . . a gb aosp rom more info here
name your cover files " albumart.jpg " , the gallery will ignore them .
adding a . nomedia file block your music from showing in your media player . i solved the issue by deleting all of my.jpg albumart files in my music folders then letting poweramp download its own albumart , it makes an albumthumbs folder on your internal sd card and saves the images as non-jpg binary files so the android media scanner does not pick them up . my gallery app is clutter-free now ! : )
if you add an empty file called . nomedia to a directory the media scanner will ignore it .
if you do not think it is necessary to flash a radio then do not do it . at least i heard that it will not make any difference to your phone storage and speed . but somehow if you have connectivity issues like dropped calls , wifi connection not searching or gps does not seem to work then surely you need to flash the radio to another version than you are using at the moment . if you want to see which radio your phone is working on go to settings > about phone > baseband version > see the last some digits and then search for your phone like htc desire latest radio etc . . note : i recommend you should read more about radio before flashing it . sometimes there is a chance to brick your phone but do not worry if you have searched enough of it you are not going to lose anything . at least give a weekend or two to search for tutorials on forums like xda , android central , google , wiki etc . . happy flashing
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
phone service carriers will sometimes update the firmware on your radio . for reasons unknown , improved radio firmware is not always made available to customers . the radio firmware will , through software , increase your service coverage , giving you better signal and battery life .
as a side note on radio firmwares beware of upgrading them without having seen a test of the version on your network . sometimes new radio firmwares add features for some network providers that result in worse bandwidth , disconnections and other disagreement if you use them on another network . network operators do not provide phones with such broken firmwares ( they wait for the next version or just provide the same radio firmware forever ) but if you install them yourself it is a risk you take . but if you want to use the latest firmware all the times before your network operator or phone manufacturer provide the update you may need to take this risk ( video crashed the htc desire when used with all but the latest radio rom on froyo . . . )
the cacertman application , while it does not support 2.1 as compiled , is trivially modifiable to compile against 2.1 sdk and minimum version can be dropped with no seemingly ill effects . now to get that patch submitted .
the google search app is able to search the applications on your phone . on 4.1+ this can be done through a google now search . on many devices , this is accessible by swiping upwards from the home button in the navigation bar . when you search for the app on your phone , you can use the bar along the bottom to scroll to " phone " to search your phone rather than the web . you can also search " start " so for example if i had an app called ( in your case ) " battery " , if i typed into the search bar " start battery " it would give me a card showing the app name and icon with a button below saying " open app "
try google gesturesearch using this you can not only search for an application but also contacts , music and bookmarks . this has a cool feature that you can use natural hand writing to type the app name and keypad is not needed .
there is an option in google search / now settings to allow you to search through apps as well as web ( go to google now settings , there you will see phone search , open it and tick apps )
you might want to take a look at locus maps : it not only can import kmz files ( i guess the ones you mean keep to the keyhole standard , so they should work ) . you can even have media ( pictures ) embedded within , and use them in offline mode . maps also can be downloaded right from within the app , so you can be prepared for your off-road trip . it also supports a bunch of different map formats ( including vector maps ) , so i would wonder if you were unable to get your mentioned material loaded with locus . besides : excellent support , active forum , and much more . . . definitely worth a look . and no , i am not the developer placing my ad here : )
i think it was a memory issue . i installed auto memory manager , set it on " mild " and never had the problem again .
ok i answer myself : after installing samsung drivers you need to find oem ? ? . inf file that contains ssudserd.inf comment out all references to wdf stuff version 1.7 and decomment the ones referring 1.9
you can try wifi pppoe , although meant to be used over wifi , it might be able to use wired ethernet as well , depending on how it is implemented ( wired ethernet is not a standard android thing ) .
some causes and answers . . . you leave a high-cpu using app/game paused or running . apps and games can and do continue to devour battery if left running . if you are going to step away for awhile , make sure to exit out of any games or apps first ( particularly any that usually cause the phone to get warm while using ) so they do not unnecessarily become power vampires . cellular/data signal hunting . especially with lte phones , if you are in an area with bad signal the radio on the phone will continue to try to make connection and will drain the phone in doing so . putting the phone in airplane mode before leaving it for extended periods will stop the radio from ' hunting ' . too many background activities ( or updates set too often ) . twitter , facebook , email , etc . . . setting how often they communicate with their servers ( like switching from every 5 minutes to once an hour ) can make a big impact on battery savings .
use an app like better battery stats to track down the issue and find the culprit .
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
to do it when the phone is turned off : plug it in to power while holding down the ' x ' key until a warning sign shows up on screen . different versions seem to differ here , but : it might boot straight away . you might have to hold down the volume up and camera keys , then select ' reboot phone ' . you might have to press the search button , then select ' reboot phone ' .
that is not a play store compatibility error that you are getting on your device , that is an install error which says that it is having problems installing the app on your device . the play store only checks some basic specs of your device ( like os versions , screen size , ram size , whether or not there is a camera , etc ) it can not tell remotely whether or not there is a problem with your device . there are a few threads on the internet that talk about getting error 942 when installing apps , and they seem to suggest that it is a problem with the googleapps on your device . either there is a data corruption in the gapps , or there is a problem with the version of gapps you have got installed . see some of these for more info : xda : play store - error code 942 xda : apps not available on market and cannot be installed manually and others the two main solutions that worked for people are clearing the application cache on google play services , and google services framework : to clear the app cache : go to settings > apps > all then find the following entries in the list google play services , google play store and google services framework go through each of those and select force stop ( if available ) and then clear cache the other solution that has worked for people using non-standard roms and installs like yours are to double-check the version of the google apps package that they have downloaded and installed and make sure that it really is the right version of gapps for their device and os version .
the su binary works just like it does on linux ; it runs all commands that follow as root until you type exit ( or terminate the process , etc . ) . sudo &lt;command&gt; essentially does : su &lt;command&gt; exit  android does not normally include sudo , so if you wish to launch commands like you would with sudo , the syntax is as follows : su -c "[command_1;command_2;...;command_N]"  for example , to get a list of installed packages in " root " mode , you can either do $ su # pm list packages # ........ &lt;listing of packages scrolls down&gt; ...... # exit  or $ su -c "pm list packages;exit" 
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
charging via usb can happen at very different rates depending on what the " host " end is plugged into . generally the vendor-supplied wall charger is the " fastest " way , but perhaps something has gone bad with your supplied wall adapter . you should be able to improve charging times by shutting off wifi , gps , etc , and making sure the screen is off . see these questions for more details on what to look for on your adapters : why is charging from computer using usb slower than using an outlet ? galaxy tab is not being charged through usb cable
in fact it works , but only in the same terminal . if you move your sdcard with a titanium backup done previously from a terminal with android 2.3.6 to another terminal with android 4.2 , the titanium backup will detect the backup done before , but it can not restore anything of it . perhaps if you install link2sd in a android 4.2 , can you do it ?
titanium backup works fine with link2sd . i have been using them together for about six months , with around 100 apps symlinked . there is no reason taking a backup would uninstall linked apps as wolfgang reports , and i have also had zero issues restoring backups of linked apps , so it is clear that titanium follows the symlinks correctly . in fact , i have just finished restoring all my apps from titanium after flashing a rom . the only caveat is that when you restore in titanium , link2sd will not automatically link apps as they are restored , even if you set it up before restoring the rest of your apps . this is annoying , because it means you have to be conscious of your available internal memory and only restore in batches that will fit in your free space , then link the apps and do another batch . other than that , they work very smoothly alongside each other .
it sounds to me like the flashing wiped out all the info your phone had about local satellites -- the good stuff it retrieves itself , not the agps crap :p . if that is the case then hopefully this will help ; this a process i have used on my samsung vibrant . ensure gps is disabled go to lbstestmode hit delete gps data go into application settings change start mode to cold start back out to the home screen , then reboot your phone enable gps go to lbstestmode hit get position test . let this run to completion ( normally a good 15 minutes or so ) &mdash ; the lat/long info will get filled in and you will see [*] next to several of the satellites it finds , the more the better . this will work best if you go outside and walk around . back out and go into application settings again . change start mode back to hot start . reboot and , hopefully , enjoy your functional gps .
select the ' mass storage only ' option in the usb settings and then connect the cable . if this does not work , you can connect your laptop and your phone to the same wireless network and use airdroid to transfer files wirelessly from your laptop to your phone and vice versa using a browser on your laptop . both devices just have to be connected to the same wireless network ( with or without internet access ) . hope this helps !
running in background does not mean the app did " unthaw " itself . to understand this , some background information might be helpful : " freezing " actually does not change the app or uninstall it . it just marks it as " unavailable " , so it no longer shows up in the app drawer etc . it should also no longer receive broadcasts . but it is still there . so if another app knows its " intents " , it could explicitly call them ­– and they would respond . this is what most likely happens here : something is placing an explicit call to it . before freezing maps , i have disabled some of its " listeners " ( i do no longer remember which ones ) , which can be done with several apps , e.g. autorun manager pro or rom toolbox pro . for me , maps no longer wakes up . i would recommend you taking a look at autorun manager ( you might check its free version first ) . as it offers both , freezing and receiver-blocking , it would be the first choice concerning this . oh , same applies for rom manager , by the way , which also offers a free version . so you have got the choice to check them both , comparing , and then deciding which one to buy – as full functionality in both cases only comes with the payed versions . ps : afair the dev of autorun manager wanted to implement a freezing method which automatically un-registers receivers . so you might want to check that one first .
not sure how much help this is , but i have had success using the reverse tethering solution with iis , so it must have something to do with your server . with iis i connect using the ip 192.168.0.0:port/{path of directory within iis instance} hope this helps
you can re-share your friend 's post using friendcaster for facebook app . simply install it and use it as your primary fb app . its better than official fb app in many aspects . . update ( november 2012 ) : in recent version of official facebook app , this feature has been added . happy re-sharing !
are you doing a wipe ? back when i still had cm on my s2 ( i am on s4 , with stock rom now ) , i never had to wipe when updating to a minor update ( via zip with cwm recover ) . i retained my data . however , if you are updating to a major cm update , a wipe is sometimes necessary ( esp if it is a major android update ) .
as a ( partly ) automated backup/restore process seems a welcome option , i might point you to titanium backup . at least in its payed version ( i bought it long ago , so i do not remember the differences to the free version ) , it offers you automated/scheduled backups as well as restores . you can define " labels " ( effectively grouping apps ) and operate based on those , e.g. just backing up/restoring apps with a certain label . tibu let 's you diffentiate what you want to backup/restore also in terms of " app , data or both " , so you have got a bunch of possibilities . this app also has the possibility to keep a copy of its configuration on your sdcard . starting for the first time ( e . g . on a fresh rom ) , it would check for that copy and use it , so its settings survive even a wipe . you still might need to take care with " system data " , as structures ( e . g . in the sqlite databases ) might have changed . but tibu can even take care of that if you enable its " migration mode " . summing up , while this is not a nice one-click solution , it still might ease your upgrades . even across different roms or even devices ( i used it a lot for things like that , and got my apps and data from my old htc wildfire via motorola milestone² to my lg optimus 4x that way ) .
update [ 2013-04-30 ] : i believe the reason i am still able to access ipv4 websites , is because of dns64+nat64 . the public ip address i am getting from http://myglobalip.com is the public ipv4 interface of the nat64 gateway . i think the answer to this question is : t-mobile uses some sort of transitional technology called 464xlat to provide ipv4 connectivity over an ipv6-only gsm wireless network . there is more information about 464xlat at this url : https://sites.google.com/site/tmoipv6/464xlat . ultimately , it does not seem possible to disable ipv4 functionality altogether . obviously , doing so would break a lot of applications from functioning properly , but i really wanted to do so entirely for testing purposes , to see what would and would not work . the part that confuses me is that the 464xlat rfc requires a " clat " daemon , which i do not believe exists on my stock galaxy nexus 4.2.2 jelly bean rom . with this in mind , i am not entirely sure what sort of configuration i am running . here is the 464xlat rfc . if i use an app called network info ii to view network interface information for rmnet0 on my galaxy nexus , i can see that i have only an ipv6 address configured . in fact , the app even has an ipv6 " tab " specifically designed for viewing ipv6 information . i cannot see any ipv4 information when i have selected ipv6 as the apn . more t-mobile ipv6 information can be found : t-mobile ipv6 is here and now top free apps on t-mobile ipv6-only network
can you uninstall the application ? or is it one of those pre-installed apps ? if it is preinstalled , you will have to get root access to remove it completely , see here . however , removing it can potentially cause a brick if you factory reset your phone . edit : it looks like there are no easy ways to disable this app . you have two choices : factory wipe . during setup process , do not enable the backup assistant . do some trickery using this method mentioned in this post ( quoted below ) . it does not require a factory wipe . 1 ) be sure to have all your contacts backed up to your gmail account . check online before proceeding to step 2 . 2 ) log into your my verizon account . go to the contacts tab , sort by list view and select all contacts . delete the entire list . there is a deleted contacts tab as well . select that and delete anything that is in there . 3 ) go into your incredible settings tab , select applications , manage applications . do not sort or filter , allow list to populate . select sync service , ( icon resembles backup assistant icon ) select clear data . 4 ) also in manage applications scroll down to backup assistant , select clear data . this should do it . 5 ) to verify backup assistant is now disabled , select settings , accounts and sync , then under manage accounts , select backup assistant . you should be looking at a license agreement screen .
important : make a backup before trying any of the following steps ! usually the animation video is stored at : /system/media/video/shutdown you can rename this to something else . or delete all the files from there . if it is not there , check /system/customize/resource/ or /data/local/ may be it can be found there . in some cases shutdown animation may be handled by an apk . check under system/app if you have a Shutdown.apk or PowerOff.apk . if yes ( like in lg-p692 ) , you also have PowerOff.odex there . do not touch PowerOff.odex . in this case you can modify the PowerOff.apk . this is how : copy the PowerOff.apkto your pc use 7zip or winrar or any uncompressor software you have , to open the apk . go to res/drawable folders . you might have up to 3-4 of them like : drawable-ldpi , drawable-mdpi , drawable-hdpi , drawable-xdpi ( in case of lg-p692 , only drawable-mdpi will be found ) . there you can see some .png or .jpg files . replace those with any images that you want . if you do not want anything there you can use plain black images . make sure that you put the images with the same resolution that of the original images . replace images in all the drawable folders . after you replace those images , make sure the apk is in the same format as it was earlier , except the images that have been changed . now copy back the PowerOff.apk to your phone where it was . power off your phone . remove your battery . power on . and now test . see how this helps . tested with an lg-p692 .
there is an alternate approach without root device . by using sdk tool to set install location as sd card , you can move most . it is a good middle of the round solution . see url - http://techgage.com/article/moving_your_non-movable_android_apps_to_an_sd_card/
as @cyborgz said , you have to first root the system . take a look at this question to see your device is listed . even if not , probably your device 's closest like htc hero for more information . once rooted you have to partition your sd card to create a sd-ext partition . see the question " sd card partitioning ? why ? how ? " to know how . then you can use apps like link2sd to move few user applications to sd card and create link of few user applications to the sd-ext partition . by this way you would have created loads of free memory in your device . if you still want to get more like moving youtube , gmail and maps , you can use link2sd to first convert them to user app ( from system app ) and move or link them ( most likely moving will not be permitted ) .
in order to access the system folder root access is required . all systems apps are available in /system/apps folder , if you have root access , just choose the required app and move it sd card with the help of file manager . if you would like to move your system data partition i.e. , system/data you can try this hope it helps . ps : please do a research before doing any thing in system folder , if you mess up , then i am not responsible ! ! !
this should solve your problem http://www.androidcentral.com/how-set-your-icloud-email-account-android http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4864
only way i found around it is to find the conversation in the normal gmail web interface , scroll all the way to the bottom where it says " n deleted messages in this conversation . view messages or delete forever . " where n is a number and press " delete forever " . certainly not a satisfying solution .
i had this problem on a galaxy nexus with version 4.6 of the gmail app . clearing the app 's data via settings > storage > apps > gmail > clear data forced gmail to reload all my messages , and when the troublesome threads reappeared , the drafts were gone .
samsung has their own calendar in touchwiz , it is not the " stock " calendar . and from what i remember , you cant change the color of the calendars in the touchwiz calendar . i stopped using the touchwiz calendar and bought " business calendar " - there is a free version too that has ads and missing a couple features like " drag and drop " . it works great , and has a good home screen widget too . i used it as a replacement for the limited calendar in touchwiz , and now that i have a rom that has the " stock " calendar , i still use it .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
follow the guidelines from xda forum have a look at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1374742
the quick settings app puts that at your fingertips and , by default , is launched with a long-press on the search button .
we will reliable is somewhat subjective . but i can recommend app brain ( play store app ) and app aware ( play store app ) . app brain provides some additional features compared to the play store and app aware allows you to follow app streams based on a topic ( games , sw development , etc . ) . both try to suggest you apps based on the apps that you have installed . and both are not a new app market , they just redirect you to the play store if you want to install a app .
same issue i had . only thing that worked for me is restarting the router and then connect back to router . but the issue is that there is no internet after 3-4 minutes maximum . and then go restart again the router and again 3 min of internet . . .
i was having the same issue for the last 2 days . after upgrading to ics wifi was working but stopped working suddenly after a day . this is how it got fixed : selected the network and clicked forget turned off wifi turned wifi back on connected the wifi network again
there is a few things you could try : turning phone and router off and back on . changing the ssid of the network . changing the password for the wifi . changing the encryption used on the router ( ie . from wpa to wpa2 or the other way around , or even turning it down to wep ) changing the channel that the wifi is using . turning off the password for the wifi and trying to connect ( do not forget to turn it back on later though ) . i know some are fairly basic but i have had problems in the past connecting to my virgin media router and they have worked for me .
from what i am reading , it sounds like your best bet will be to reset it to factory defaults . that looks like it is fixing the problem for others . this will , of course , delete your apps , contacts , calendar , and a couple other things that escape me at the moment . make sure that you have your phone set to back up everything with your google account , and i would recommend using titanium backup to make a backup of all your apps .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
every android devices comes with many apps already installed . on one hand , these are useful and enhance the functionality of your device . but on the other hand , like in your case , they are useless apps that use resources , are not available on the user 's country , and some times can not even be uninstalled and . this is better clarified below , but it is all about deals that have been made . . . what apps come with the device ? built-in almost every device comes with essential apps to allow the user to use the device instantly . some examples are : browser , camera app , email , clock , e-mail , music player . carrier specific it is common to find apps to access the wireless carrier services , either to entice you to subscribe or to access information about your account . google own apps apps developed by google may or may not be pre-installed in your device . this is decided by the device manufacturer or wireless carrier . one can always install or uninstall as desired . bloatware wireless carriers or device manufacturers , bundle sample apps as part of a deal made with vendors . usually this app can not be uninstalled .
google music ( or play music as it is called now ) is not just used for music purchased from the play music store , or for music stored in its cloud service , it can also play music stored locally on the phone , or on inserted sd cards . my uk galaxy nexus has it pre-installed , even though the play music store and cloud storage service are not available here . it is just the latest version of the built-in android music player , and works perfectly well for playing mp3s saved on the phone , even if you never use any of the cloud services or the store .
you would wonder what else comes pre-installed . some phones have been seen in germany with software special to some russian mail providers -- almost causing panic being suspected of a malware attack . as it is , it is easier for manufacturers to maintain one installation type , which they can ship internationally . as long as they do not exaggerate , and keep the system image in a decent size , this should normally not bother anyone -- most of those apps are either hidden and only show up with a matching sim card being inserted . unfortunately that ( hiding ) is not true with some other apps as e.g. google music -- but still it serves the purpose of " production ease " .
resolution easytether light ( no root ) is the best tethering software i have been able to find on the play store ; however , it blocks udp ports and secure protocols . updating to easytether full ( cost : 9.99 usd ) resolved the issues on all of the above-listed sites and services . it was very bothersome to go through all this and e-mail the developer , only to get a kind of boggled response from him . their faq does not mention this , and the message in the app was covered up by the " warning , do not scratch the camera " message i had written on my screen guard , up until yesterday ; so , i simply did not notice . i hope the developer will upgrade the app to include some kind of pop-up message indicating that this is the cause of the issue , or at least add the issue to the faq . thanks for all the comments and wonderful help !
you can not is the short answer . the emulator does not support bluetooth testing at all . see the google developers post on using the emulaor the important line is near the end : emulator limitations the functional limitations of the emulator include : no support for placing or receiving actual phone calls . you can simulate phone calls ( placed and received ) through the emulator console , however . no support for usb connections no support for device-attached headphones no support for determining network connected state no support for determining battery charge level and ac charging state no support for determining sd card insert/eject no support for bluetooth
Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Enhanced Web Accessibility &gt; Don't Allow .
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
i am using the latest version of drive . i know there was a big update not long ago and i see this question was asked before the update . anyway , just go to the cell/column/row and highlight it . then tap on it again . options will come up for " clear " if it is just a cell or range . if it is a row or column " delete " will be one of the options . i hope this helps .
from the bbc 's iplayer mobile faq : programmes can be played through a wi-fi connection . customers with 3 uk and vodafone ( except for those using android , apple or symbian 3 devices ) can also access programmes via their 3g network . the bbc is working to make bbc iplayer available over more 3g networks . this seems to hold up with my testing using both the website and the app , i am on vodafone uk and get this message on 3g on the website : please switch to a wi-fi connection to play this programme . 3g streaming of bbc iplayer programmes is not currently available for this handset . and in the app : please switch to a wi-fi connection to play this programme . presumably the bbc are just checking your connection type and can see it is not a wifi connection , they are not aware of the reverse tethering you are using and so are just treating it as if its a 3g connection . does your company have a wifi access point you could connect the phone too , that would eb the easiest way to get round this , and i am presuming if they are happy for you to tether the phone to the pc , then they would not have an issue with employee 's devices hooking up to their wifi .
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
you can just save the numbers in international form . for example , bob 's would be +1-123-555-1234 and alice 's +52-33-33-12-34-56 .
i had a similar problem when i still had my palm synchronization software installed . for some reason or another , it used comm port 4 for it is communication ( do not know why but it did ) , and that conflicted ( probably behind the scenes ) with the communication with my galaxy s . once i uninstalled the palm synchronization software , the connection went fine . so please check if on your pc some sort of other communication device is installed .
per userguide after you connected the usb cable on mass storage mode , you need to go to the shortcut/notification/usb cable connected then mount .
after searching for a long time and trying a lot , i found a solution : resolution unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the number *#7284# . once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . also choose uart -> pda and then uart -> modem mode . the good mode should be modem for uart . even if the mode is modem , switch to pda and then back to modem ( uart ) . plug in the usb cable . note : this is not only for samsung galaxy 3 - android phone , but it is also used to repair the usb connection for any samsung android phone .
if you were previously developing on your pc , do you have usb debugging enabled on your phone ? that uses a whole different set of drivers than the normal usb drivers , these drivers are available as part of the android sdk download . to check if you have usb debugging enabled , go into settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging and take the tick out of the usb debugging box . if you turn off usb debugging , then it should be able to connect to your pc using the standard usb mass storage device drivers .
make sure your device is not connected to your pc . uninstall any drivers you currently have installed for it . reboot your computer . install the appropriate drivers from this xda post ( supports more than galaxy s ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=7238660postcount=1 install kies from samsung.com's galaxy 3 page http://www.samsung.com/uk/support/detail/supportprddetail.do?menu=sp01prd_ia_cd=23020100prd_mdl_cd=gt-i5800dkaxeuprd_mdl_name=gt-i5800 connect your device to your pc .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
short answer : no , proxy apps available on the playstore all need root ( to my knowledge ) . but you can use the native proxy -- even with android 2.1 . longer answer : as liam wrote in his answer , an explicit proxy requires kernel level access . but android has a native proxy built in . before android 4 . x , its settings were simply hidden . so all you need is access to its settings page -- which is what some apps provide , as e.g. proxy settings does : from the app 's description : it provides a set of tools to ease the access and the modification of the proxy configuration into your android device . proxy settings offers to the users a set of tools to check and troubleshoot the selected proxy configuration proxy settings works with android 2.1 and higher .
the files /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/maps /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/smaps  are not universally readable by anyone , at least not in stock device . try running from a terminal emulator from inside android ( running as a regular user ) , instead of adb ( which runs at a slightly elevated privilege ) . adb runs with a lot of privileges because it is used for debugging and need to be able to access a lot of device features , that is why it is dangerous to connect a device to an untrusted machine with usb debugging enabled . and the file /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/statm is also readable in desktop linux systems .
there are perfectly good reasons why those informations are readable , and that is nothing dangerous ( writing , however , would be ) . this is inherited from the linux system android builds upon -- and i will give you a few short examples to show you the good of it : if you list contents of the /proc ( virtual ) directory , you will find things like e.g. : /proc/meminfo: this is where all apps can obtain information about total/used/available ram -- so e.g. system monitors can present these details /proc/devices: shows all devices available on the system , so e.g. a camera app can tell if ( and where ) there is a camera to be used -- or exit otherwise /proc/uptime: to show you how long the device is already running and more . nothing dangerous about knowing this -- just the opposite : to many apps these are essential information so they can do their job . now to your special /proc/&lt;pid&gt; sub-tree : again it is the system monitors ( and the task killers ) depending on this information . here they can get a list of running processes . all the details on those apps ( how long have they been running , how much memory are they using , etc . ) is to be found here . no system monitor could do without this . and again , there is nothing harmful about reading here . the maximum " bad " thing about this is any app could look what other apps are running , and what resources they are using . from a user 's perspective , we will not dig much deeper here . just one more thing to say : these informations can be very useful if you have to go troubleshooting . some of my answers even included this already . and for sure you do not need to be afraid of " dangerous leaks " just from the fact this all is world-readable . moreover , as lie ryan makes clear in his answer , not all of the information here is world-readable : some sensitive information is , in fact , protected . also keep in mind that adb generally has more privileges than any other " normal user process " . especially starting with android 4.0 ice cream sandwich ( ics ) its privileges have been increased ( e . g . to make a complete backup possible even if the device is not rooted ) , so you cannot take " access via adb " as a reference here -- but rather should check from a ( local ) terminal . additionally , risks are increased when connecting via adb with usb debugging enabled , as this again increases privileges granted to adb .
there is no way to change this for just one app , but it can be changed globally by increasing the dpi value . you will need to be rooted to change the dpi value . this app will change your device dpi . you will have to play with different values , but take a nandroid first ! edit : i played around with dpi values and 240 will force the phone ui mode for apps . remember that this is global , and that it will make the app drawer look strange , as well as disabling the users feature .
the built-in camera app ( on vanilla android and every other device i have personally seen ) does not support this . the flash will only come on as the picture is being taken , and you cannot set it to provide continuous light when taking a picture . there are two potential options , depending somewhat on the version of android you are using . one option would be to use the video mode ( with the flash enabled ) and capture images as you are recording , then discard the video at the end . you should be able to do this on newer versions of android by tapping the screen while video is recording . i believe this only works on jelly bean ( or later ) , but manufacturers have implemented this themselves in a few cases ( ex : the galaxy s3 ) . a second option would be to use a third-party camera application . camera mx , for example , allows you to put the flash into " torch " mode while taking pictures . simply tap on the lightning bolt icon until the small infinity symbol appears on top of it :
camera zoom fx has this feature
the nfl keeps a tight rein on its broadcast rights . further , the outfits that ponied up those huge payments for those rights are not going to be happy if there is a cheaper alternative . so , no , there is not going to be a way to watch live nfl games without subscribing to cable or satellite . if you are okay with watching games after the fact and you have an android tablet , there is game rewind . things may be different outside the u.s. using a proxy to bypass such limitations skirts the edge of legitimacy ( in my opinion ) .
you can not do it . . . . do not do it unless you want to get booted from the screenwise panel and also be billed for the device ( currently over $200 retail ) . it is running a skin over the top of the device , similar to how samsung runs their own touchwiz interface over the top of android os . it is not just an app that is running on top ( although there is a separate and completely different screenwise app on the android market that is used with this panel , it is not the same thing ) .
i recently got 3 of these devices and discovered that they are already rooted ( superuser is installed ) and all you have to do is install a launcher . since you can not access anything other than the screenwise app ( yes , its just an app ) , you will need to sideload it via adb . what i did was connect to my computer , let windows get all the drivers installed , and downloaded a gingerbread launcher apk file . then i used the adb command ' adb install launcher . apk ' where launcher . apk was the file i downloaded and put into the root of the adb folder . hope this helps !
google voice should do what you want if you are in the us . on my phone i can go to Settings -&gt; Call settings -&gt; Voicemail and set it as the " voicemail service " ( you will need the google voice app to do this ) . there might be other apps to hook into this voicemail service setting but i can not find any at the moment .
the application apk will be stored in /data/app/ or system/app/ you can navigate there and rm . apk , then reboot
not too smart are you ? if you could do what you are trying then you had be able to read anybody 's messages just by knowing their phone number . whatsapp needs a sim card to work .
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
google play will not let you do this . you can only have a few devices attached to each account at a time . this is to stop people abusing the facility of using paid content from any device on their account . if the app is an open-source one , or it is under your control , you should distribute it to all your devices through a different mechanism ( e . g . a custom app list on f-droid ) . otherwise , you should contact the developer of the app and ask to make a volume licensing deal . unless they are already dealing with enterprise customers , they will not be prepared for this situation , but i think most app developers will be willing to help you out for a reasonable bulk price .
manually searching for networks for your indian carrier under settinga> more> mobile networks should register your sim with your network .
i suggest if you do not know what you are doing use stock roms : ) so : get a rom from http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ use odin to flash it . i suppose you know how to . if you dont check this article : http://blog.djodjo.org/?p=425
on moto g the stock messaging app is an integral part of the system , and should not be disabled even if you install other sms apps . if you manage to disable it , other 3rd-party sms apps ( like textra sms in your case ) will start crashing again . instead , you can disable the notifications inside the messaging app by going to menu -> settings , and un-checking the " notifications " option :
it seems that the code is specific for samsung devices . therefore , if your device is made by another manufacturer , it does not work ( if the manufacturer has not added it specifically ) .
settings > applications > development > stay awake
this is because the recent applications list only displays the applications activities . in android , an activity is the " window " of the application . google talk and gmail always run in background , as a " service " , not an activity . the application activity is killed by android when it is not used , and this is the case with those applications , even if they still run in background .
google talk and gmail each behave this way . i found this out by asking here actually . so when you drag down the notification bar , gmail and google talk will not appear in the recent apps list . however , you will see them in recent apps if you navigate to them using an application launcher . i am not certain if the same is true for google voice .
i use google voice for all sms communication but i do not use it for outgoing calls unless i am calling canada or something . i do not like the delay of " double calling " where google voice calls a local number and then calls the number you want to call from there . i can not turn sms off with my carrier and that is okay because most people get it when i respond to there text from my gv number . to me , the best feature of gv is how it also sends the message to my email account and i can write responses in email that go to their sms number .
yes ! i use google voice for texting . it is great . notifications are reliable , there have been no delays in receiving messages ( or others receiving mine ) , and of course you can access it from your computer as well . super handy , and no sms charge . as for voice calls , i also used to use it for that . the app manages everything nicely for outgoing calls -- you can set it to make every call " from " ( show up as ) your google voice number . and you can set it up to forward all calls to it to your " real " number -- so no one needs to know it except google and you can give everyone your gvoice number . plus , every call to the u.s. and canada only uses your local minutes ( or charges you a local rate if you do not have a plan ) . note : you can not receive texts from services such as facebook that actually email you via [ yournumber ] @ [ yourcarrier ] . com or something similar , you cannot text short codes such as fbook ( 32665 ) , and you can not send mms messages ( but that is what email 's for amirite ? ) .
if lenovo did not change the stock messaging app : open Messaging and press the Menu in the down-right corner and choose Settings . scroll down to the Notifications section and uncheck Notifications .
beyondpod podcast manager ( free trial , $6.99 unlock ) will play at 1.5 and 2 times speed , however you also need to purchase the presto sound library open beta ( $3.99 ) to enable that particular functionality . works well once you have done that , though .
astro player beta will go up to 2x i think . works pretty well .
today , presto entered open beta . presto provides a background service which allows other applications to play mp3 and ogg vorbis files on your android device at faster or slower speeds and/or faster or slower pitches , so that any application can have variable speed playback , as long as the end user has presto installed . developers must modify their app for presto to be used while playing audio , and i have released open source code to make that almost a drop-in replacement for the android mediaplayer . beyondpod , doggcatcher , and podtrapper have all been working with me in the course of development , so should have a version that can use presto
anennapod recently included support for variable speed playback , either via presto or it is open source implementation , prestissimo .
have you tried doubletwist ? i have been enjoying this music app very much .
there is osplay which claims to have variable speed playback with pitch control but it is $5 and it is still a pretty new app so i have been hesitant to try it .
try audio speed changer . works on existing audio files .
if you will pardon the " non-answer " . . . i wrote taffy to act as a proxy between your android device and the podcast provider . it speeds up the podcast before your podcatcher downloads it . there are several undesirable aspects to this approach ( hosting not the least among them , nor inability to change playback speed during playback ) , but i use it every day to listen to several podcasts on my droid at faster speeds . here 's to it becoming obselete soon . my droid uses beyondpod , pointed to taffy podcast feeds , to automatically download all of my podcasts straight to my handset during pre-dawn hours . i wake every morning ( and have for months -- taffy 's a pain to setup , but it is pretty smooth sailing from there ) to no-hassle , " sped-up " podcasts ready for my commute .
as of today , there is no android application that supports podcast management and variable speed playback .
new app location alert will do this . never forget another task with location alert - now available completely free ! location alert is a cutting-edge application that reminds you to perform tasks based upon your current location , rather than time . often there are tasks to which you cannot specify a certain time , however , would like to be reminded when in a certain vicinity . for instance , you don’t know when exactly you will leave work this evening , but whenever you do , and are crossing the grocery store on your way home , you want to be reminded to pick up milk . location alert to the rescue ! do not know what time you will be crossing the science department , but need to remember to drop off that assignment whenever you do ? do not know what time you will reach office but must remember to hand in that check to accounting ? need a reminder to pick up the dvd you left at sam 's house whenever you are in the vicinity next time ? . . .
if you are already using locale ( which is not free ) , astrid is a free task/todo list manager which can be configured to open a list of tasks with a specific tag . astrid also integrates with remember the milk . you can configure the list to open by various locale conditions , including location . i use it to remind me of maintenance tasks when i am near the hardware store . additionally , remember the milk is a free app which can trigger by location , but it does require a pro subscription to remember the milk 's website .
i guess this is by design as the majority of users do not have 4 accounts on their phone . the whole idea of those messages is to give the user the opportunity to download a new version as soon as it comes out . you may not want to use your mobile data when you do not want it to . maybe the update automatically tickbox would bypass this message , however it will probably still say that 3 updates have been applied . so what you maybe looking for is silent updates stackexchange-url looks like you can do it with a rooted phone . i too think that google can handle multiple accounts in a more intuitive ways across their products . since its out of our control to improve these closed source apps ourselves i will say its better than it used to be . i think the best solution for google would be to combine these messages into one notification ie "5 apps have been updated " . make some noise on the google support pages to improve this ux , this may be a good start http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/label?lid=551c5c4cca827a18hl=en
maybe try turning off notifications in the system messages app , if you can ? or changing them to the sound you want .
call support . they are really helpful . to the swedish support it is +46-1-324-4500 .
your " local and private " android calendar is your google calendar . when you have created that personal event it defaulted to your exchange calendar . in order to avoid this is the future make sure that you create events in the calendar you want to . usually it defaults to the last calendar you have created an event in .
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
android 4.4 kitkat has introduced immersive full screen mode . there is an app in the play store exploiting this feature : immersive full-screen mode . it does not even need root access .
there are several roms with this feature baked into them cm10.1 being one of them but if you like the rom you currently have then i would go with stefan 's answer
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
yes , i tries superoneclick and it worked for my lg l35g aka lg optimus logic ( net 10 ) .
the universal search function had to be limited on newer android versions due to one of apple 's lawsuits . thanks to this , the search behaviour had to be modified and can not be restored without rooting the device . for rooted devices the situation is somewhat better since you can replace GoogleQuickSearch.apk with a modified version . you can see the steps on xda . as always with modifications requiring root , use caution . i am not certain if the apk is device-dependant .
you can root using handoko answer . i will cover the part where you did wrong . according to chainfire 3d playstore description page , chainfire 3d is ! ! for froyo and gingerbread only . not compatible with honeycomb/ice cream sandwich/jellybean ! !
how to backup i do not know . but here is what you have to do to root your phone . download adb driver installer ( universal ) from http://adbdriver.com connect your device to your computer with usb debugging mode on . ( you can do this with " settings -> developer -> usb debugging " open adb driver tool and select titanium s5 and install . download root explorer on google play . download root master from http://www.mobilepoint.us/2013/10/android-root-master-one-click-vroot.html unpack and install root master on your pc . install drivers of your mobile phone . run root master and press on the first button on the first screen . press on the middle button on the second screen . you should see just one button now . press on it . a new application should be opened now . press on the button root . when you see a v it is a success . your device is now rooted . have fun 12 .
i have had this problem with t-mobile , on multiple phones . they usually have me do a full power off and wait for my phone to fully log off the network ( not the same with sprint , but you get the idea ) . i would report the issue to technical support . it has usually means a failure on the server side , in my experience .
i do not know why , but i would first try using a different sms app like handcent . if that does not work i would try a factory reset .
you should use a third party sms client that generates a log message for every message it sends . these log messages can be read out with alogcat or catlog ( or with androids sdk adb logcat ) . this way you could prove that the message is only send once from your phone . if the receiver then gets the message multiple times this would proof that the failure is on the carrier ( mobile network operator ) side . otherwise , ff the receiver only get 's the single message , this would mean the error is within android 's sms app . try cleaning the app data and , if this does not help , do a factory reset . unfortunately i am not sure which third party sms apps provide such a log feature . i would start by checking out handcent and gosms , as these are the 2 alternatives i am aware of .
just add this to system variables " path": c:\program files ( x86 ) \your_adt_folder\sdk\platform-tools\
instead of looking for a default location simply look for platform-tools\ and android-sdk or just sdk those are the paths you need to add to the variable list
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
i think adw launcher has a setting that should keep the application in memory . also , cm has a setting to force the os to keep the launcher in memory . i dont remember where it is at in cm6 , but in cm7 it is in Settings -> CyanogenMod Settings -> Performance and it is called " lock home in memory " . i do not remember if it was in the same place or if it was called the same in cm6 .
try the v6 supercharger . it can make your homescreen launcher " hard to kill " or " bulletproof " . if you have ics/jb , be sure to get the ics/jb version . also , be sure to disable the Lock Home in Memory of your launcher ( if it has it ) before using v6 .
i had a very similar issue with cyanogenmod , i however broke my phone and got another , i was thinking it was thinking it was and htc problem at first , but with the standard os it is working perfectly . i have heard people could get it working by not syncing the address book , however that did not work for me .
this issue is very likely due to the way the ford sync system does an initial media connection to the phone . when it connects to the phone , ford sync appears to immediately send a " play " command ( similar to what a headset play button would do ) to the phone . the problem arises when you have more than one app installed that is capable of listening for these bluetooth play events . the os gets confused and disconnects from ford sync . if you have multiple media players installed ( including podcast aggregators ) , try removing them and re-installing them one by one . try ford sync after you install each one .
i found this potential solution . it says to download sg usb mass storage enabler to enable this mode .
it is pretty easy from kies . i recommend doing so through kies itself . just connect the s4 . on the first window , click the round shape with the folder image on it . then , drag any file you want to transfer to it .
i have been trying to figure this out for a while now and i stumbled on to your question . i tried turning off the debugging option and it did not work , but when i plugged my phone back in i noticed it flashed that it was connected as a camera . so i pulled down the status bar from the top of the screen ( sorry , can not remember what it is called ) and saw that it said i was connected and to press for other usb options . i pressed it and was able to switch modes so now i am in the mass storage mode . hope that helps , i feel kind of dumb having it be such an easy fix that i have missed for the last 2 weeks .
what you are asking for is called ums or usb mass storage . on newer devices , this often got replaced by mtp ( media transfer protocol ) for several good reasons . both protocols have their pros and cons . unfortunately , in most cases the user is not given the choice which one to use ( some devices offer this ) . however , an article at device-recovery . com explains how to connect android devices to pc with usb mass storage mode for different android versions and devices , including your s4 . i will list a basic exceprt here with no warranties : i have no s4 , so i cannot verify this . go to settings&rarr ; about phone/tablet . go to “build number” at the end of the scroll list . tap on “build number” repeatedly ( 7 times ) . on your third tap you should see message indicating that you only have 4 more taps to go to ‘become a developer’ . keep tapping until you are a developer . ( a toast message will tell you so ) now developer option will be included in setting list of yours now . go to “develop options” to check usb debugging > ok . done . according to the article , that should have done the trick . i do not see how the two are connected , and doubt it a little . as an alternative , the very same article mentions a usb mass storage apk you could try as well . for devices running android 4.0/4.1 , the steps are a little different , and sound convincing to me : go to settings&rarr ; more search then tap on “usb utilities” check the option : “connect storage to pc” unfortunately , my optimus 4x running 4.0.3 does not show that option -- so again , i cannot guarantee this will work on any device . a different approach is presented at this website -- again , explicitly for the s4: attach your samsung galaxy s4 to your computer ( pc or mac ) using the usb cable . if this is the first time you’ve connected your device to your computer , it will install the necessary drivers on your computer . on your samsung device , touch applications > settings > wireless and network > usb utilities . remove the usb cable from you samsung s4 . on your galaxy s4 touch “connect storage to pc . ” you will see a warning : “usb utilities / connect usb cable to use mass storage . ” insert the usb cable into your samsung device while the message is still on the screen . do not touch “cancel . ” the screen will change to “usb mass storage” with a picture of a green android and a message that says “usb connected . ” touch “connect usb storage” at the bottom . your samsung galaxy s4 is now connected to your computer . the device’s internal storage will appear on your computer as an external drive . if you also have a microsd card installed , this will show up as a second external drive . plenty other web ressources i have found on my search simply state : that is not possible without rooting . but it cannot hurt trying above methods : they might fail , but should not break anything .
the closest solution i have found for mac os x is to install android file transfer ( http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ ) on the computer . with this , i am able to access files on the internal storage and the sd card directly within an android file transfer window , and perform basic file management operations like copying and deleting . this app also supports some keyboard shortcuts as well as drag-and-drop to and from finder . it is not as convenient as finder itself but it is the closest available substitute i have found for this device .
i have built an app myself ! this is the best i could do : it does not detect time connection , but shuts the device down after a delay . delayed shutdown
my data manager app displays what you need . check out its data pie ( left-to-right swipe ) and make sure time button is pressed .
the correct build was here . it is listed in incremental updates 2.3.6 - 4.0.3 .
my baseband is ever so slightly different from yours : it is i9020xxki1 ( i think ; it is hard to read ) . i upgraded by following the steps at http://www.androidcentral.com/how-manually-update-your-gsm-nexus-s-ice-cream-sandwich ; i am pretty sure that you can not go wrong doing the same . at worst , your phone will refuse to install the thing .
in order for the htc hd2 to run android , the device needs to have a custom bootloader running hardspl and radio version , which means your device is already unlocked . as for the device been rooted , 99% of the android versions on the hd2 are rooted .
90% chance - no , 10% chance - yes . the android operating system is designed specifically for each device , which is why different phones get platform updates at different times . you are at an advantage starting with an htc phone , as they build several android phones . your best bet is to find an unlock process for an htc phone as physically similar to yours as possible ( physical in terms of hardware ; processor , memory , etc . ) . if this does not work , chances that you will get anything to work is slim .
depends on what you are talking about pop up ads . if you are talking about the full screen ad , often for another game , that pop up when you go to the main menu for example , then no , i do not get any ad since i have purchased the double coin bonus . if you are talking about the push notifications that warn you about daily challenge and new events , purchasing something does not remove it , but you can turn them off in the settings ( Reminders ) .
someone posted a logcat snippet of the occurrence in this bugreport : explanation of the above : sqlite is the used embedded database engine on android . error code 11 describes a malformed database disk file ( #define SQLITE_CORRUPT 11 /* The database disk image is malformed ) . a bad db file was detected , removed and a new empty one created all sms are gone now some further thoughts : sqlite is known to be extremely well tested ( 99.9% of all code are test cases ) therefore it is highly probable it is not sqlite which causes this very probably the file got corrupted by bad flash storage cells , memory corruption or another reason you can do some things . i would suggest the following order : see again if you do have a backup . if so restore it . you could take your phone to a forensics / data rescue expert like kroll ontrack and have it analyzed . there is also growing free support for mobile devices , eg . by sleuthkit for the future : back up your sms data , e.g. move them to gmail some final words : sqlite is very common for embedded devices , ios also relies on sqlite for many things ( including sms storage ) . there will always be a chance of losing data if you do not backup : device is lost/stolen/broken , dying flash storage cells , software bugs , other erratic situations like full storage , etc . it is the same with any device , do not rely on a single point of failure , have a backup in the cloud . this just works with mails , your address book and so on . do the same with sms .
it is a known bug in the android os . there is nothing you can do about it but bump your head . i am moving over to ios because of that . there are many other bugs in android , but this one is a deal breaker for me . here is a link to the official bug report . the issue has been known to google at least since 2009:
if you are using the stock messaging app , the settings might be the cause of the trouble . go to Messaging app -&gt; Settings -&gt; Untick Delete old messages . ( if it was ticked i am sure that was the reason for auto deleting of the sms )
nothing . you can do nothing . one option is go to data recovery service , but price will be uninteresting . also tell please if you install 3rd party software on your phone . why htc wildfire phone deleted all of my sms for 2 times ? i suppose that there can be installed glitchy or malicious programs on phone . also if you have child or children , they may have played with phone and occasionally deleted messages .
you are really asking two questions here , and both are extremely hard to answer . first of all ; why did the messages disappear ? we can not possibly know this because we know nothing about what software you are running , if you changed something ( installed/removed software etc . ) around the time the messages disappeared and so on . maybe it is a " feature " of the stock software ? the second question is ; how can the messages be restored , and that is a very hard question to answer because what you are asking about is data recovery which is not exactly easy work usually ( that is why it will cost you a lot of money to pay someone else to do it ) . you would need to make a copy of your entire storage first of all , and then go in and look at the raw data to perhaps salvage all or some parts of earlier messages . in short , if you care a lot about some messages , you should have them backed up to begin with . you can either do a backup of your phone , or copypaste the messages into a platform in the cloud ( dropbox , google docs , you name it ) . i am sorry to say you will not find a solution to this problem without either paying a lot of money to get someone to recover your data , or start reading up on data recovery yourself and learn how to copy all the data from your phone bit by bit and then looking at the raw data . i wish i could have given you a better answer , sorry about that .
this has happened to me multiple times before . each time the number of messages was around 6000 . i think there may be an upper limit on the number of messages the messaging app can handle , and beyond that it just deletes everything . i might be wrong though . i do not know of any way to recover the messages though .
new version of skype uses system volume for calls . so change there in system preferences and volume in skype will be changed too .
use regular volume button on phone that you use for phone calls or music
when i adjust volume in skype , it tells me i am adjusting the In-call volume , which is ( believe it or not ) the same volume setting used when you are in a regular phone call . if you can not adjust this through the settings , i would try making a normal phone call , turning the volume down , then trying a call in skype and seeing if the call sounds have changed .
i do not know of any third-party app or site that does this . i did look around a few months ago and found nothing , but something might have come up since then . however , if the reason you are looking for this feature is because of limited app space , appbrain ( both the app and the website ) has a feature to view only apps with app2sd enabled .
it is really hard to say without knowing specifically what previous rom you were using , but there are two possibilities i can think of : the apps in question were updated to require some new feature that your device does not have . ( probably more likely ) your previous rom had different information in the build.prop file than your current one does . this can include specific hardware like gps , nfc , accelerometer and such or things like screen density . the /system/build.prop file contains a lot of information about the hardware of your device ( among other things ) , and it is what the play store will use to determine if your device supports the hardware requirements of a given app . it is fairly common for roms to use build.prop entries to masquerade as other devices or pretend to support nonexistent hardware for the sake of app compatibility . i would suggest trying to find a copy of your old rom in zip format then extracting the build.prop from your old rom and comparing it to your current one . if they are different then you can consider editing your current build.prop to include any missing entries from the old one ( there are apps to help you do this ) . this is also covered in some detail in is there a way to trick the android market into thinking i&#39 ; m using a different device do i can download protected apps ? for screen/lcd density specifically there are a handful of apps that will help you modify it . based on chahk 's comment , values of 160 and 240 may be good to try if it is set to something different than that .
as the op did not add the solution as an answer himself . . . op found the answer to the issue himself , strange as it might sound : noticed that the device date and time is not correct . corrected it and it worked . on a second thought , this is a very plausible reason , considering the questions hint about except for ssl sites : if the local date is too far in the past , ssl certificates are " not yet valid " -- and if it is too far in the future , they are " no longer valid " . in both cases , establishing a secured connection must fail .
it should be possible to do what you want . try this : pair both of the devices with your phone , then go to settings -> wireless and networks -> bluetooth settings , and long-press on the paired device and select " options " . from there you can choose which service you had like for this particular device .
i have not tested this specific case myself . the answer might depend on what you might want to do with the mic-only and speaker-only bluetooth device . how multiple bluetooth devices work with a single android phone : the android phone provide you with two types to bluetooth profiles to connect to - phone and media . long press on the device listing in the ' bluetooth settings ' , click on options and you can select which profile your bluetooth device should connect to . the mono hands-free bluetooth headsets can connect to just the phone audio . the mono headset 's options in android will not even list the ' media ' profile . the stereo bluetooth headsets can connect to both phone and media profiles . you will find both ' phone ' and ' media ' options for stereo headsets . an android phone can be actively connected at a time to maximum of 2 devices . one device ( device1 ) will be connected to the ' phone ' and the other ( device2 ) will be connected to the ' media ' . all your phone calls will be routed to device1 and all your music will be routed to device2 . but 2 devices cannot be connected to the same profile at the same time . i have tested this with my 2 stereo bluetooth headsets . your request : connect a mic-only and a speaker-only device to the phone at the same time . what will not work : if you want to use it in a phone call so that you can speak through the mic-only device and hear through the speaker-only device , it will not work . only one device can be connected to the ' phone ' audio at any point of time . for both devices to work together in a phone call they should both be using a phone audio which is not possible . what might work : a mic-only device to ' phone ' audio and a stereo bluetooth headphone to the ' media ' audio might be possible , since both these devices would be connected to 2 different profiles . caveat : i do not know if a mic-only device can be connected to an android device , in the first place . since devices can either connect to the ' phone ' profile or ' media ' profile and both require speaker output at the other end , i am not sure how it would work . i am specifically curious about how a phone call would work when a mic-only device is connected to the phone profile . may be android would receive audio input from the bluetooth mic and send the audio output to the phone 's speaker . maybe android will show a different profile for the mic-only bluetooth device . the problem is in android i do not see a place where one can choose ' audio input ' and ' audio output ' devices like we do in a desktop os . mic-only bluetooth devices are used with cameras as shown in this video . i do not know how they would connect and work with android devices .
currently and sadly , there is no such option to allow the action of auto-answer an incoming skype call . you can keep an eye out on this threads , maybe in a nearby feature such solution will arrive : skype support network : auto answer incoming call on android os xda developers forum thread : [ rq ] skype auto answer xda developers forum thread : [ q ] skype auto answer additionally , 3rd party solutions are not possible to this end , since skype uses a proprietary protocol with no available api as explained on this stackoverflow answer .
unfortunately skype for android does automatically answer calls . if my phone is logged into skype and someone calls , it always automatically picks up after the second ring if i do not do anything . i asked about this in the skype support forum and they said the next version of skype will have a new feature that will allow android users to disable auto-answer .
generally speaking , rooting is completely unrelated to unlocking . cdma unlocking is also more difficult than sim unlocking a gsm phone , and cdma phones need to be activated on the network , unlike sticking a sim in an unlocked gsm phone and doing whatever you want . you will need help from both carriers ( verizon to unlock , your carrier to activate ) in order to do this .
the device may have to be unlocked first . rooting will not unlock the device . you will also need information from the network you want to run the device on . like if the device is supported on their network , if they are able to active the device ( they will be able to tell you if they support it if you give them the esn/meid ) and what their mobile carrier code is ( sid/nid/mcc ) . i did find this info that may help once it is unlocked : from here , i will walk you through programming the tablet for ota activation with that carrier . if its the verizon galaxy tab , to get to the programming menu go to the notepad and type **772 to get to the manual programming . the spc code will always be 000000 from here touch down 3 times clear out the directory number with 10 0 's then hit down then clear out the msin with 10 0 's from here touch down here you will change the system id to what is necessary for that carrier . then you will hit left or right and then enter then hit down 4 times and you should see mcc , put the mcc number here then hit down 4 times , and the home sid should match the one you input , then you will change the nid for that carrier as well then you will hit down 64 times , and make sure cdma homesys reg is yes then hit down 6 times to where it says slot cycle index , change this to 1 by hitting touch here and clear it and hit 1 then exit service
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
messages longer than 3 texts in length get sent as mms ( picture messages ) rather than sms ( texts ) , thereby costing more than texts , or being outside your contract ( if you have pre-paid texts ) . if you leave this setting on ' free ' , this conversion to an mms will happen with no warning . if you leave this setting on ' warning ' , you get a brief flash of a warning message on your screen when you type a message that is longer than 3 texts in length . if you have it on ' restricted ' , you should not be able to type a longer message in one go , but i have to say that my galaxy ace is set on restricted and i have still managed to inadvertently send a long message as an mms .
funnily enough , as i just noted here i believe that the app is just buggy and unreliable . there is no reason for the individual device to determine whether the application can do something like push notifications . android 's cloud to device messaging requires 2.2 or higher , and the facebook post notes that that is what they require as well , so i assume that is what they are using . c2dm works perfectly fine for other apps so the only reasonable explanation is that the facebook app does not work properly . the app was updated recently and does work better for many users , though , so make sure you have the latest version . there are no settings related to push messages in the app or in the accounts and sync settings . regular sync is every 3 hours at most , which seems infrequent to me &mdash ; my blackberry allows updates every half hour .
as you do not specify , i assume your office laptop is running windows . in this case you might want to take a look at the myphoneexplorer client app for your sgs , and its desktop pendant for your laptop . as far as i know ( i am not a windows user ) , this should be the best and complete solution -- not only caring for your calendar with thunderbird and others , but doing a lot more useful things to manage your device . if you do not care for those extras , you might rather take a look at birdiesync for thunderbird ( or simply search the playstore for thunderbird ) .
have you considered using the google calendar ? as far as i know you can sync the samsung s iii and the thunderbird lightning calendar with the google calendar . samsung siii : http://www.samsunggalaxys3forum.com/forum/samsung-galaxy-s3-help/1278-samsung-s3-s-calendar-not-syncing-google-calendar.html lightning : http://www.vikitech.com/7955/sync-google-yahoo-windows-live-calendars-thunderbirds-lightning
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
copy the files as before but use a music player from the play store . i would suggest a player that supports folder based play so it does not force you to sort your music by album/artist , which can be a pain if your music is not tagged properly . i will not suggest you a particular music player because i do not want to turn this question in to a favorite music player discussion . if you really have trouble finding one , post a comment here for a suggestion .
i usually put all my songs into a folder and zip it into a smaller archive with an easy short name . something like mp3files . zip move that folder ( or a copy of it ) to /android-sdk/platform-tools/ plug the nexus in with a good usb cable and go to settings/developer options set to " usb debug enabled " next i use # . /adb push home/android-sdk/platform-tools/mp3files . zip /sdcard/music important to notice one space between path to file and path to destination also make sure your capitalization is correct while . /adb is moving your files you wont get any feedback that anything is happening until its finished so be calm and find something else to do i also use the vlc for android beta media player availible from the vlc developers forum--it works perfectly its still a beta . but its not so much a hiccuped ever for me and plays whatever i throw at it ( im not associated with the project in any way i just am passing along some info i have found )
my main use of android mp3 files is to listen to podcasts . my workflow is as follows : use google reader to subscribe to and browse podcast feeds . the mp3 files are linked in each feed , so the ones i decide to listen to get downloaded to my computer . i use downthemall for downloading , because it is good at this kind of download and because it preserves modification times on files it downloads . however , i am moving away from firefox , so i am now looking for a similar plugin for chrome . periodically plug my phone into a usb port on my computer ( use usb3 if you have it , absurdly fast ) , causing the sd card to be mounted as a removable disk . there is a directory , listen that contains all my podcasts . since i listen to them in the order of the modification times , i sort the directory listing by mod times and delete all the ones i have listened to . i move all of my new downloaded files into the listen directory on my phone . i tell windows explorer to " eject " the removable drive ( this ensures that all file writes are completed ) and unplug the phone . i plug in my headphones and run mortplayer audio books . although not specifically designed for my use case , it has some features i need : the ability to be pointed at any directory i want . the ability to automatically sort my files by modification time . the ability to automatically remember where i left off . obviously , the way i listen to mp3 files is different from the way most other people do , so you will need to figure out your own workflow . in particular , you will probably want a different audio player program . but judging from your prescribed needs , you want one that lets you just copy files directly into an sdcard directory . most do . ideally , one could use bluetooth to copy files . i have tried that , but have found that bluetooth copying software is slow , a pain to use , and does not preserve file mod times .
there is no option to save more messages locally , and there is no good excuse for why you can not . the user can only load older emails on demand . this is done for one reason : to make you more dependent on online connectivity , so that more people will need to subscribe to mobile data . this supports google 's goal of having everyone connected to the " cloud " and using their services . it is not done to save battery ; in fact less battery would be consumed if the messages were only transfered once over the radio and stored on the huge sd card that all android phones have . also , the faster access would reduce the screen-on time since you would see your older messages right away . it is also not done to save cpu or memory , since storage to the sd card would be easier on both .
the stock email application and many other i have tested present a list of 25 emails per page . the user can however load older emails on demand . this is done due to two main reasons : to prevent large transfers of data that end up using the device communication thus leading to a faster battery drain ; to preserve memory consumption that in turn would leave your device slow and inefficient . i have not found any option on all the applications i have tested that allows the user to define how much emails should be presented each time . i did find that the gmail app auto-loads a new emails list when we reach the scroll limit , thus kinda facilitating the users trouble , but even with this scenario , the user needs to scroll all the way down to get the new list , and yet again , the gmail app like the others , does not have a setting to define the number of emails to be loaded each time . essentially , this is a status-by-design conception used by android and app developers . you may come across with an app that allows you to go around this issue , unlikely it may be , but for the stock app , the reason as to why it loads only 25 emails at a time are the ones explained that sum up as performance issues .
if radio waves use battery and not saving the mails on the device causes the devices to download them again and again , at what time does downloading them 15 times use less battery than downloading them once ? now , think of the poor souls who have no good dataplan , fun , do not you think ? excatly . so , while i do not like conspiracy theories , this is just plain silly , sorry , there is absolutely no valid excuse i can think of to keep it this way . i can save 1000 's of emails on other non-android arm devices and get pretty good performance ( bb10 , iphone ) . the other thing is , when i delete a mail on blackberry/iphone , it deletes it on the server ( well , it is a setting ) wheras on android , it deletes it on the device only - i guess this has to do with this limitation as well - guess what , this is bad , too . and , finally , this k-9 alternative is not doing it for me . i cannot get it to connect to the imap server , it validates the password , but says ' cannot connect ' ( in french ) . now , i have set up imap mail servers on unix so i know what i am talking about , it appears to have some problem with the encryption , from what i could see - the same settings work in the stock android app . anyway , if you like to use email on a mobile device , bb10 is what you need , imho - android 's not even in the same league .
is not that a message on your sim card ? you should be able to access sim card messages to see it and/or delete it .
go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All applications (on the top) . locate the " badgeprovider " app and select " clear data " . after that , restart the phone .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
you can use root browser or es file explorer . however , you need a rooted device to access root directory .
update to maps 6.9.0 ( released 2012-06-27 ) or later if you not already have done so . google added the feature one you wanted : what is in this version : * save maps for use offline besides this : cached tiles for google maps are saved to the sd card . to also answer your exact question ( for users that cannot upgrade ) : use android 's provided ' move to sdcard ' mechanism or install some 3rd party apps to do it ( link2sd , app2sd skripts , most need a custom rom however ) . if all above is not an option and you like to do it manually : prerequisites : root access know which directory you want to move be sure that directory does not contain executables awareness : /sdcard/ is world-readable and many apps can write to it . you might not want to expose sensitive data to other apps be sure the app is not running . if something breaks , you might fix it by clearing the appdata the app might break if sdcard is not accessible ( e . g . phone plugged into pc ) a . you need to find the package name of your desired app ( just reverse the steps here , aka go to the google play website of the app and see the package name in the browser 's url , for maps it is ' com . google . android . apps . maps' ) . the location for the app 's internal data is then : /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] b . find the big subdirectory that you want to move , use a terminal emulator or adb shell access to execute something like this on the device : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell root@android:/ # cd /data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps root@android:/data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps # du -sh * 8.5k app_sslcache 9.0k cache 55.0k databases 52.0k files 2.0k lib 2.5k shared_prefs </code> c . move and symlink <code> mkdir -p /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked mv /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] ln -s /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] </code>
if you enable usb debugging mode , the phone will connect to your computer and charge as usual , but you will not get any auto-mounting for the phone storage . enable usb debugging in android 4.0 click your device home button ; tap " settings" ; scroll your way to " developer options " and tap it ; check " usb debugging " . enable usb debugging in android 2.3 click your device home button ; tap on " settings" ; tap on " applications" ; scroll your way to " development " and tap it ; check " usb debugging " . this method works for me to charge my phone without mounting the storage .
i downloaded the epub reader freebie from the play store . i connected my phone to my computer via usb and then dragged my epub book to my motoluxe . then i opened the epub reader and clicked on the small green + sign on the top of the page . that allowed me to add the book that i had stored in my ebooks folder ( i think that particular folder " appeared " when i installed the epub reader . then i read it using that reader . i am just learning to use this phone so am not sure whether that folder ( directory ? ) existed before i downloaded the freebie reader . ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.graphilos.epub )
yes . dropbox ( or box or any other cloud storage service ) would be one feasible solution . another way would be to use airdroid . it allows you to copy content to your phone via your laptop browser . the added advantages are : you can send messages from your laptop in case your phone is lost , you can delete all data remotely .
i would recommend using pushbullet for easy and convenient file sharing across devices ( among many other interesting features ) and then google 's own quickoffice does the job for pdf files . as for ebooks , i would recommend uploading your files straight into google play books ( easily accessible from the google play store site ) and using the official android app to read them . it is not the most feature rich , but it does the job well and few others can beat the ease of use and ability to access your books across devices .
if you need an app to read ebooks , i would suggest tap2speak reader . it does not have as many features as those popular ones , but is sufficient for your situation . in addition , it can use google translate to speak more than 50 languages . it saves you much time from finding a " usable " text-to-speech engine .
use usb cable and set your android phone as usb mass storage device , also you can send pdf as e-mail attachment , or use google drive , dropbox , skydrive cloud services etc . other detailed information i found at http://www.file-extensions.org/pdf-file-extension
use google drive to share your files between devices
you can use an app like adobe reader or office suite pro to view the .pdf files in your device . there is a free version as well for the office suite . you can simply transfer the files to your device via usb .
easiest way i use is installing a good ebook reader which simply accesses files you place in its directory ( in my case , moon+ reader in its payed version , currently 50% off its price ) . then i can easily transfer my reading material ( moon+ supports a bunch of formats , including pdf , epub , mobi , fb2 and many more ) either . . . via cardreader via usb ( when connected ) wirelessly ( e . g . using a sync app like foldersync , or a network file manager like es file explorer , or a remote management tool like airdroid ) via dropbox is also available according to the description ( never tried , have no dropbox account ) you even can highlight and annotate ( with pdfs , this goes directly into the pdf file ; for other formats it is stored separately ) , integrate dictionaries like colordict , and much more .
i use es file explorer to put my pdfs on my google drive ( works well with skydrive and dropbox and several other cloud platforms or you can sync over a network ) and just open them with polaris office or kindle on my tablet .
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
rephrasing your question to something more constructive : google has not developed such a suite as good as the nokia suite that would almost 100% allow us to use most of our phones ' basic functions on our pc . are there any alternative ways available to fill this gap ? in this case : yes , there are good answers available . the market playstore is full of apps offering similar functionalities . for windows users , the closest solution probably is myphoneexplorer . together with its pc component , it offers almost all capabilities you find in your mentioned pc suites : sync your phone with outlook , thunderbird , sunbird , lotus notes , tobit david , windows contacts , windows calendar , . . . manage your sms , calllists , apps , files , handle calls , create backups . . . connection via wifi , usb-cable or bluetooth . other solutions include e.g. airdroid , which allows you to manage your android device from your pcs browser : there is a video guide available on youtube to show you this apps capabilities , which are quite amazing . i could continue this list with a lot of apps , but that is not the intention of this site . having given you the idea of for what to look and where should get you started filling your gap -- from here on , i guess , you can continue on your own ; )
google unlike samsung and nokia and such is a service company that wants to bind you to its cloud ( sorry for the buzz word ) . you can see it with gmail , google docs , google+ , google voice and of course google search which all are ( more or less ) agnostic of used operating systems , hardware and so on . they all operate in the cloud , the only dependancy is a decent browser . and so does android . you are not bound to even own a pc if you have an android device at all . it is meant to be a replacement for some of the stuff that you currently do on a pc . for a comparison : only with ios 5 has apple removed the hard dependancy to have itunes installed for backups and updates of ones ios device . courtesy of google :- )
i just figured it out . it is a hack , but it worked ! if you go to your phonebook and go to the ' groups ' ( past phone , favorites , contacts , etc . . ) you will see a list of groups including ' frequent ' . click on that , and then the menu on the top right ( three dots ) includes an ' edit smart group ' . you can set the number of contacts to 1 and make it count by inbound rather than outbound ( or vice versa ) . either way , it will remove most of the contacts . hopefully the one that is left is ok .
up to android 4.0 it was very simply possible to use frequently called remover , but google has changed android api . . . now there are methods to clean this list , but not every may work in your case ( maybe no method will work on your phone ) . . . 1 . enter contacts/groups/frequent , then press menu and select " remove from group , ( untested ) 2 . phone/call history/ press menu and delete call history ( untested )
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
here 's how to get a system dump from android : prepare your pc ensure that your computer has the most recent version of the java development kit installed . if it does not , download and install the most recent jdk from oracle 's java se downloads page . navigate to the download the android sdk page on the android developers website in a web browser and download the installer package to your computer . double-click the downloaded file and follow the installation prompts . navigate in windows explorer to the location where you installed the sdk . by default , this is c:\program files\android\android-sdk . double-click the sdk manager to launch it . in the left pane file tree , check the box next to " android sdk platform-tools . " click " install packages . " a confirmation window appears . click the radio button next to " accept all . " click " install . " a progress bar appears . prepare your phone press your phone 's menu button from the home screen . tap " settings . " the settings menu appears . tap " applications . " in the application settings menu , tap " development . " check the box next to " usb debugging " in the development menu . get a system dump press " r " and the windows key simultaneously on your pc keyboard to bring up the run box . type " cmd . " type the following into the command window : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools type " adb . exe shell . " type su dd if=/dev/block/stl6 of=/sdcard/factoryfs.rfs at the abd shell prompt . replace "/sdcard/factoryfs . rfs " with the location to copy the file to if you do not want it on the phone 's sd card . reproduced in full from this site
when signed you will find " my wishlist " in the menu on the left . ( or just go to it directly at play.google.com/wishlist . )
to access your wishlist from the browser signed in to google play you have to click on the " settings " button ( upper right corner , gear icon ) and choose " my orders " option from the drop down list . next on the left hand side under " apps " , " movies " , " music " , etc . you will find " my wishlist " option . click on that option to see/modify your wishlist .
edit : yes - as al points out in the comments , the url is https://play.google.com/wishlist old answer : basically no . the same question was asked on reddit . it is not a stretch of the imagination to assume that they will roll out a web version , but as yet there is been no official word from google .
i was wondering whether the wishlist could be modified from the web version of the play store while using e.g. a pc . so far it is not possible , we must wait for the new web version of the play store . also , would the wishlist sync to all android devices connected to the same google account , or is it just local to the device it has been set up on ? yes , wish list is hold in google cloud and it is synced among all your devices connected to the same google account . i am very happy with this feature and i use it extensively . i can even automatically monitor any future updates of apps on my wish list with a help of a new feature " observed apps " in changelog droid application ( cd ) . how to do it : cd cannot synchronize with your wishlist because google play store does not have an api so third party apps cannot interact with it . however , you can populate observed apps in cd manually from within the cd itself or by opening google play on your device and sharing wishlist items one by one to cd . it seems to be tedious if you have your wishlist very long , but you will rewarded . here is real example how observed apps in changelog droid helped me : in my country we have independent consumer organization dtest . they published in google play its own app dtest some time ago . but it worked only on phones , not on tablets . because i do not want to have this app on my phone , but on my tablet , i put this app in my wish list and shared it to changelog droid 's observed apps . after some time changelog droid informed me about new dtest version with tablet support so i was able to install it on my nexus 7 the first day when this new version for tablets appeared in google play : )
perhaps chrome will work on your phone -- it works nicely on mine https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.android.chrome
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
while weird as to why do you hear that sound , you can look for it with a free app : explorer by speed software available from google play store : download and install the app open an browser your system to : /system/media/audio/ui listen each file there to identify the one that corresponds to the sound you hear if you are able to identify it , you can then buy the root explorer by speed software available from google play store . ( 3.59€ ) . with this version you can delete files , thus deleting that audio file or replace it with an empty one to avoid issues with the system , but remove the sound anyway .
i have only used cyanogenmod for a few days before reverting back to samdroidmod since cm on spica is too unstable for daily use . but i think i remembered seeing some settings that seems related to power widget on " settings > cyanogenmod settings " .
not that i have found . looks like you only get that one opportunity .
well , i think you are talking about the google now notification , right ? if so , you have to change the option on the google now app , not on the calendar app . to do so , you go to Google Now ( tap the search bar on the top of your home page ) then you will see the card that estimates your arrival time to your destination , you can see like three vertical dots , tap there and hit Settings , now you set Transportation Mode to Public Transit . from now on , the card will notify automatically the time you need to arrive by public transportation .
the method " debugfs automated root " works for the latest official rom of the thinkpad tablet . like most other root methods , you need to have the android sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and must be able to connect adb to your lenovo thinkpad ( enable debug mode ) . linux users download the exploit from the xda post . unzip DebugfsRoot_Generic_v2.3.zip adb push debugfs /data/local/ adb push su /data/local/ adb push debugfsinput /data/local/ adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp.bak adb shell ln -s /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb shell chmod 777 /data/local/debugfs now run the exploit : adb shell "/data/local/debugfs -w /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 &lt; /data/local/debugfsinput" cleanup : adb shell rm /data/local/tmp &amp;&amp; adb shell mv /data/local/tmp.bak /data/local/tmp install superuser : adb install Superuser.apk windows just run the provided RootDebugfs.bat
3gb advertised by the manufacturer is the total capacity of memory chips installed in the device . but this memory is shared between multiple components ( like ap , bp , gpu , etc ) . 2.4gb reported by android is the amount available to ap . the rest is not " missing " . it is just being used by other components .
this is normal , it is impossible to clear the entire cache . since the os cache is it is own system files , while the clear cache button is likely for clearing the app cache . the missing memory is consistent across all such devices , may be reserved for video processor cache .
i have the same problem with samsung galaxy ace 2 . to make your default storage the sd card you need to modify vold . fstab . but to modify this file you need to root your phone . i think there is no other way to do this . hope i have helped = ) .
found a few options . the easiest seems to be : quicksettings ( free , works on an unrooted droid , including optimus v , reviewed here . ) . it did reveal the wifi hotspot setting so i could turn it on , but it did not work . after more investigation this seems to be a limitation of virgin mobile ( not allowing tethering ) . k
you can use pdanet to do bluetooth tethering .
clockworkmod tether works for sharing your phone 's connection with a pc , even if your carrier blocks tethering , without root .
you do not use adb to connect to a device when it is in the bootloader menu : you need to use the fastboot command instead . that is why it is called " fastboot mode " ! not all phones support fastboot: in particular , older htc phones use a proprietary protocol called hboot instead , but i think the newer ones support fastboot .
i figured that out after an hour of searching with different keywords . i would been out of the rooting game for a while , got confused between the two . fastboot in bootloader mode did work . adb does not work in bootloader . thanks for the answer dan , much appreciated .
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
it has to do with the resolution you are trying to play is too high to play in normal mode and hence the blank screen . anyways rather than using google chrome for videos i would recommend mx player which is a very capable media player and supports most videos .
if every video behaves this way , it could be a bug in the display driver for your tv stick . when a video plays full-screen , the video decoder writes the decoded video directly into the framebuffer , a special part of memory that holds the image being displayed . when a video is played inside another window , it instead uses an overlay , which is a way of combining the video output and the rest of the screen . if playing videos works fullscreen but not inside another window , this could be a symptom of a error in the part of the display driver that handles overlays . you could check with the manufacturer to see if an updated rom fixes the error .
when you first used the android market , you are presented with android market 's term of service . one of the clauses is this : 2.4 from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . you agree that in such an instance google retains the right to remotely remove those applications from your device at its sole discretion and without notice to you . so , if you want to block google from using their remote uninstall , you cannot use android market . however , note that their term of service only allows them to uninstall applications that " violates the android market developer distribution agreement " , this implies that google can only uninstall applications that are installed from market ( since an application that was not distributed from the market never accepted to be bound by the amdda , and therefore cannot " violate " the amdda ) . if you sideload your application , google cannot touch your application . if your company want to use android market but you do not want to allow google to use their remote uninstall on your company 's devices , i suggest you contact google to make a special tos agreement .
it is possible to run android devices without the google apps and thus without a google account . in such cases i do not think google would be able to do anything remotely . google could only remotely ' zap ' applications because those devises used their market application and the phones would have been associated with a google account .
you do not need root to access log files . one option is to use the adb tool from the android sdk . but it is a huge download . another option is to use a tool like logshark . ( disclaimer : i created it )
depending on your rom , there might be two settings for screen lock : user turns of screen explicitly ( default : lock immediately ) screen turns off by timeout ( default : lock after 5 seconds if not switched on again by user before that ) you might wish to check with your device . it is usually found in settings&rarr ; display . not that this is not separately configurable on all devices .
use class 10 sd cards . there will be fewer problems .
its worth upgrading to cyanogenmod 10+ with it you can expand notifications to ' preview ' the contents of the text or missed call , straight from the notification drawer . to do this , you simply pinch the notification and it will expand down . try searching youtube for a video demonstration of this , it is a cool feature that will appear to solve your problem .
press the menu key on the remote , and then select " edit home screen icons " or something to that extent ( wording could be different , i am going by my sony google tv unit . ) now highlight ( using the arrow keys ) and click on the empty box on the home bar vacated by the app you have just removed , and a pop-up should appear with all installed apps and bookmarks listed . selecting any of them will place it on the home bar .
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
for photowall app , you can do a simple trick do have a photowall of the pictures you want only , use a file explorer application and create a folder ( for example " myfotowall" ) , then copy all pictures that you want them to appear in your photowall to that folder . now go back to the photowall live wall paper setting , you can make photowall to use the picture folder only , navigate it to " myfotowall " folder , then voila ! you can view the reference image of how and where to choose the image folder in photowalls setting .
this answer is to the same effect : stackexchange-url your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps also , airdroid as mentioned in this answer : stackexchange-url
there are 2 options : root your phone . install the samba filesharing app , or any other samba server for android . install samba on ubuntu , or any other samba client ( there are some on android too ) . this should do : sudo apt-get install samba , or any other equivalent command on another os . you do not need this step on a windows machine . optional : install an app on your pc to make it easier to configure samba on your pc . apt-cache search samba should give you some good results ( or anything equivalent ) . the point is that this android application will let your device show in the " my network places " of win xp , and the " network " of win vista/7 and ubuntu . from there you can browse to smb://ANDROID/ ( or \\ANDROID for win ) in your file manager . make sure you set the workgroup correctly on the android app . and if you face some problems with accessing your phone , try using the ip address instead of the name ( ANDROID by default ) . otherwise , if you are not rooted for example , you could install a file manager app with support for samba shares ( like es file explorer or file expert for example ) , or any other samba client ( like andsmb ) . this way you could access shares on other computers on the network ( but not share your own sd card , you need a samba server on your device for this to work ) .
if i understand correctly you are wanting to download all of your gmail emails ? if so , i have used this tool before in the past to download my gmail emails and it works well : http://www.gmail-backup.com/
you can use adb for this : adb backup -noapk -noshared -f gmail.ab com.google.android.gm  would backup all data of the gmail app to your pc , storing it in a file named gmail.ab in the current working directory . a restore of that snapshot then is as easy as running adb restore gmail.ab  note that this will include all the settings of the gmail app . if you prefer doing the same via an app on your device , take a look at helium backup . without root , it is not possible to access the corresponding folder on your device directly ( which would be found below /data/data/com.google.android.gm and be owned by the gmail app , which forbids access for other apps/users , including the shell user ) .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
you could write an app that locks to portrait orientation when whatever conditions you want are met . so you could make it always be portrait unless the phone is held perfectly vertical in landscape position . as far as i can tell , you can not force landscape orientation , so you will have to just enable autorotation unless you want to make your own rom . your app will probably need to be a service and use sensormanager . you can search the android source on google code .
this widget works well . . . no customer rom or root required . :0 )
in cyanogenmod , and you can set up to have the power widget on the notification bar , the power widget in cyanogen is enhanced so it can control more settings , one of it is the ability to lock the orientation sensor . whenever you want to lock , simply pull out the notification bar and tap on the lock orientation button .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
i am not sure about stock ics , but in cyanogenmod 9 and 10.2 you can disable this notification by going to " settings -> language and input " and de-selecting the " selector notification " option just below the list of keyboards .
yes it is standard behavior in ics . this appears if you have more than one keyboard selected in the ics keyboard and language settings page , which is always the case if you use a third party keyboard . some custom roms ( particularly cm9 and aokp ) allow you to disable it in their extra settings .
i very much agree with peter . here is/was my situation : my gs iii is running jb ( 4.1.1 ) . when i looked in Settings &gt; Language &amp; input , under section Keyboards and input methods , default was set to " samsung keyboard " . immediately under that were listed three inputs , each with its own check box , in this order : google voice typing , samsung keyboard , swype . the 2nd two had their check boxes selected and locked -- that is , you could not uncheck them . i went into Settings &gt; Application manager &gt; ALL [tab] and disabled swype followed by a restart . without the restart , this input method would remain listed as noted above . now , i no longer get the " choose input method " notification because i have a single input enabled . :- )
if all else fails just disable the stock google search ( which automatically reactivates google voice typing and therefore ' select input method' ) and use google search from a downloaded app . yahoo or bing can also be replacement search engines .
use titanium backup to backup , then uninstall " android keyboard "
do not even mess with it . i got rid of all keyboards on my nexus 7 3g . . . . . but could not delete asus keyboard . could not find it anywhere in /system or anywhere else . so i chose to delete google keyboard . everything went to chinese . luckily i had a recovery backup . do not mess with it . just let it float up top or whatever . better the devil you know , then the devil you do not : )
this is a standard ' feature ' of ics . aside from the notification , changing input methods can be accomplished through the " language and input " section of the phone menu . if you disable and uninstall all keyboards except for one , so there is nothing else to switch to , the notification may disappear .
go to settings > language and input and uncheck google voice typing .
this is a feature in ics and above . its goal is to make it easy to switch input methods . it only appears if you have more than one ime enabled . the sad thing is that if you use a non-stock keyboard this will always appear . if you want to get rid of it simply go into Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab)  and find the default keyboard ( s ) . open the entry and choose disable .
renaming ( delete " . apk" ) system/app/latinimegoogle . apk in jelly bean worked , you must have only 1 keyboard selected in settings .
go into language settings and disable ( uncheck ) all of the other keyboards but the one you wish to use . go to applications settings , find the " all " tab , find the other stock keyboards and disable them . restart . worked for me .
on xperia devices you can disable this by disabling the " smart keyboard " option in Settings-&gt;Xperia-&gt;Smart Keyboard .
according to this xda post bluetooth usb dongle support is native starting from android 4.2.2 . so if you are running 4.0 as the tag suggests , it does not work . you will have to update the tablet . also , you will have to confirm that the usb port supports full host mode with usb host diagnostics .
sometimes cables do not conform to standards and mess up the auto-negotiation of power level for the devices attached to them . ( devices can tell the computer / charger how much electricity they require ) . phone can handle the max level of electricity , so soldering the 2nd and 3rd pins together on the cable will demand more power from the computer .
do you use any app killer ? i used to use this kind of software , and sometimes i accidentally killed some system service and then it only charged again after a reboot . i stopped using app killers after that .
i have a charger with a bad cable . it sometimes charges and sometimes it will not . wiggling the cable point seems to help ( do not do that though for risk of damaging your phone . check if its your cable or your phone by charging your phone with a data cable . if that charges your device your original charges is faulty . if this doesnt work either your phone connector is bad and you can either wiggle till it works or get a new phone .
may be possible that when plugging in your charger/usb cables it is not making a connection , i had a problem on an old phone ( nokia n95 ) with this and had to send it off for a new one . also possible that it may be the charger , have you got another you could try ?
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
solution found ! open gallery select my library open up the album that has the photos you want . press the menu key ( the one that is left of the home key ) push the ' select multiples ' then select the photos you want to upload ( the pics selected will have a green box with a white checkmark displayed on it ) . press the menu key again , choose quick upload to upload to facebook or choose share to upload to facebook , email , picasso , print to retail , text messaging , etc . voila , your multiple pics are sent !
while i understand google might not like this , and probably it is not 100% politically correct answer , here is the link where you can download apk of google music . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1072655 if you enable installation from unknown sources , you can install the thing on your phone , without restrictions . i tried and it worked . i was able to access my music uploaded to google and even play it . that means the restrictions are only settings in android market , everything else seems to be free of restrictions .
i see exactly the same thing with a uk galaxy s running gingerbread 2.3.3 . from the 3rd paragraph of the description of the app in the android market : available in the u.s. by invitation only and free for a limited time . according to your profile you are not in the us , so it will not be listed as compatible with your device .
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
download this software and connect your android device . you will be able to access your phone memory .
you could use adb for this . in connection with graphical frontends like e.g. qtadb this makes it easy to access your device 's storage . access from the command line is also possible ( see the linked tag-wiki ) . another possibility is to install a ssh server on your device , which you then could access using either an ssh command line client , or also with graphical applications like e.g. winscp . how much of your internal storage you can access either way depends on whether your android device is rooted . only portions of the internal storage are accessible for users other than root .
uninstall all the updates to google search in the google play store . restart , and reinstall .
it turns out i simply had to download a more up-to-date file ( which included the odin executable which runs on the pc , and the . tar that it uploads to the phone ) from here , using the table to look up the appropriate file for my device . for my samsung galaxy s3 ( gt-i9300 ) the file was CF-Auto-Root-m0-m0xx-gti9300.zip available from here .
sorry for the trouble this is causing you . we initially removed the feature because we did not know how well it was being used and the ux around it seemed confusing . we intended to improve the feature and release it again soon . that said , with feedback like yours , and many others , we are reconsidering the decision and will try to get a version of the feature back in firefox as soon as possible . you can track some of the discussion here : https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1002628
according to the mozilla firefox release notes , they have completely removed the " send tab to remote device " feature . you can use pushbullet . it is an android app that helps you to view android notifications on the pc . and you can also push files , pages , urls from the android app to the pc . todo : 1 . install the pushbullet app on your phone . 2 . install the pushbullet extension in your browser ( supports chrome and firefox ) .
ruus are linked to carrier and their allocation of devices so it can be tricky to find the right ruu for your device i had a similar issue with my htc magic and i used a goldcard method to downgrade the bootloader so that may be a good place to start , do not lose heart it can be done due to the massive amounts of different ruus out there it can be really confusing it took me ~6 weeks to find the right solution to downgrade my htc magic so i could root it , i have never looked back since http://lmgtfy.com/?q=downgrade+desire+bootloader+goldcard
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
this ( at least the ussd messages ) are operator related , and can only be disabled by your operator .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
your hypothesis is correct . it is like transferring files over ftp : the receiving computer needs to run a server that understands the right protocol . to receive files you probably want a server that understands the object exchange protocol ( obex ) or object push protocol ( opp ) . our sister site ask ubuntu has an answer about receiving files , which may help you out . if you need any further help setting up your ubuntu laptop , they will be able to help if you ask a question there .
the majority of books on sites like amazon , barnes and nobles , and the like , are definitly payed for . all of them offer some free books to get you in , but you end up in a " closed ecosystem": you can read them only with their dedicated readers , as they often use their own formats ( amazon ) or at least some drm . if you want to go for free content , you are much better of chosing an ebook reader app supporting the open epub format ( some exemples include , but are not restricted to : moon+ reader , fbreader , and aldiko . at least the first two already ship with a load of free libraries pre-configured , which they can access directly from inside the app .
from kindle store , you can only get popular classics for free . but , kindle is integrated with many of free ebook providers . for example , on open library , you can click Send to Kindle link while viewing a free title ( amazon authentication will be required ) . see amazon 's free ebooks collection page . it gives you all required instructions to get free ebooks from various sites . also , there is no difference if you read a book with kindle app on nexus 7 or kindle ebook reader device . . except kindle ebook reader device does not have color display and would provide a very-very long battery life .
unless you havent flashed other roms , its time to replace the screen .
as eldarerathis already pointed out in his comment on your question : if the app is already installed , and the certificate matches , you will be prompted whether you want to replace it . if the certificates differ , there is a conflict : the app cannot be updated due to the mismatch , and it cannot be installed along as the package name is already in use ( apps use an internal package name , which e.g. is shown in the url on its google play store webpage ) . if the package is corrupted , you again get another specific error ( telling you it is corrupted ) . so most probably , the .apk you try to install manually has been tampered with . if it was not you doing so , i would refrain from using it . if it was you , and you know what you are doing -- or you know the source to be trustworthy ( e . g . the developer of the app provided you with an unsigned testing version ) , you have to first uninstall the original app before installing the " tainted " .apk .
i do not know about this app specifically , but i can answer based on the usual behaviour of music players . if music is playing when you leave the app the usual way , the app starts a foreground service to keep playing the music . this is a special kind of service : it shows an " ongoing " notification and android will not kill it to free memory , unless it is really desperate . sometimes , this is exactly what the user wants : you start playing music , switch to another app , and the music keeps playing . but sometimes , it is not clear how to make it stop , and avoid the foreground service taking up memory . the " close " option gives you an obvious way to do this . in most cases , app authors should not add a " close " option , because it confuses users ( just as you have been confused here ) , and because the android app lifecycle does not work that way . in this case , the potential for confusion caused by the foreground service is greater , so it is a sensible trade-off .
i do not think google books has a voice interface , which is a shame . i do not know of any book app which does , i am afraid . moon+ reader is a great ebook app which has auto page turning , based on time , but they are very active and are always adding features - it may be worth emailing them and asking if they will implement it ?
while is there an app for x questions are off-topic here , just a little hint : you might wish to take a look at procapture and a better camera , which both support the volume rocker for either shutter or zoom ( configurable ) . i am pretty sure they are not the only ones .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect – the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so – i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run – or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings → storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined – instead of checking everywhere on the device .
this may be expected , depending on what phone you are using . the original standard of sd card readers had a 2gb limit on them . these readers could read cards that had more space , but only had enough memory registers to read the first 2gb of them . sometimes a firmware update can increase this from 2gb to 4gb , but it is extremely rare . from the wikipedia article on the sd standard : capacity sdsc ( sd ) : 1 mb to 2 gb , some 4 gb available . sdhc : > 2 gbs to 32 gb sdxc : > 32 gb to 2 tb , some 32 gb available .
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
this is entirely up to you , and your personal preference . there is one thing i would suggest though : do not use rom manager ! it has a nasty history of damaged devices . i would suggest that you go with either cwm or twrp , if it is available for your device . i would suggest you flash it using fastboot , if it is available on your device . if it is not , then you should see forums such as xda-developers for info on how to flash recovery images .
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
if you are ok with using password protection for your lockscreen instead of the pattern , it does work with llama , which is free ( unlike tasker ) . as john k pointed out , the " screen lock " action does not seem to work for most people . however , you can use the " screen lock password " action to set an empty password to disable the lock screen , and set it back to your normal screen lock password to enable it again . however , your phone will likely ( have not tested ) unlock automatically when you arrive at work without requiring the initial unlock you want . edit : yes it does i posted this in case anybody still needs this ( as i did ) and could not comment on the accepted answer as i am new to this site .
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
having an sgs2 myself , i just checked *#0*# and all 3 axis values change . so you definitely seem to have a problem here , either in software or hardware , and since you have already tried to search for solutions online and could not find anything which works , perhaps it is best to contact samsung directly for help .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
that message tells you that conference calling is not allowed by your carrier ; it is not that the phone does not support it . you need to contact your carrier to enable this feature .
if you have got adb ready ( see : adb and its tag-wiki for details ) , there are multiple ways to achieve it . my examples assume you have got the .apk file on your computer , and are operating from the very same directory it resides in . further , let 's call the file foobar.apk: if the latter still fails , you might have to say " goodbye " to your data , and run uninstall without the -k ( "keep data" ) option . you could also try backing up data first , and restore it after a successful install ( adb backup -f foobar.ab -noapk com.foobar and later adb restore foobar.ab ) .
you can not " downgrade " an installed app to an older version . first you need to uninstall the app from your device , and only after that can you install the older version from the apk .
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settings→apps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
you need to install the google apps for cyanogen . download the signed zip from the link below , there is one for the rom ( you do not need ) and one for google apps . all you have to do is install it from recovery just as you would a custom rom . should solve your problems . . . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=691366 update : the link above is for the htc magic . the one below is for nexus one . not sure if there is a difference in the zips , but just in case use this one for nexus one . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=723844highlight=google+apps
i installed it simply by going to the market and updating to the new version . i know i have it installed correctly as it popped up a " what is new " dialog on first run . i have a htc magic 32a with cm6 .
use adb to push them to /system/lib/modules , then reboot . android should load them at boot as long as they are in that directory , i believe . shell&gt; adb push module.ko /system/lib/modules/ shell&gt; adb reboot  if you get a " read-only filesystem " error then remount /system as read/write first , then push them . usually you can do this with adb remount . you could probably also put them onto an sd card and then use a file manager to copy them over if you want . you can also use insmod to manually load a module into the kernel at runtime , but it would not be reloaded if you reboot . this would allow you to skip the initial reboot , though , since you should be able to insmod all of the modules after you push them onto the device .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
yeah of course it will . but barely you can use it as a phone . you cannot even transfer anything via bluetooth ( i have tried this with htc desire hd ) .
yeah definitely it works fine without any issue . but if you have installed any apps on sd card then they will not work at all . but to take backup of any data ( contacts , messages , call log ) on your phone you should have sd card inserted . finally to answer your question , yes . it works fine as the os and related information stored on the phone internal memory .
i own an htc desire and an htc wildfire , they both works without microsd . apps stored on the card just becomes unavailable .
as you have said that it is not a ' captive portal ' , could it be an internal vpn connection ? i doubt it , but it is possible . most hotspot 's that require login use these portals - so you should just go to google . com in your browser and it should take you to a webpage that is the portal , where a login is required prior to accessing any other website . this login , may require a registration or some form of payment , depending on who is the provider of that portal . has this ever appeared before ? when you use your laptop - what does the balloon notification say , something along the lines of " wifi hotspot detected , click here to connect " or similar . on my laptop , it just opens my browser to my home page , to get redirected to the portal to login .
if you open your browser when connected to that hotspot , it should automatically get re-directed to the login page for it . that is what most of these hotspot apps try to automate using macros . after having logged-in via the browser , the internet connection should be available to your apps .
have you switched mass storage mode on ? not sure about desire hd , but it should be either in usb settings under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings , or it may show up directly in the notification bar when usb is connected . if this does not help , do a lsusb after connecting the phone and check it is detected .
well first off . theres no true way to stop it . secondly , the way i do it . i sign out of skype first . then , i use the manage apps or task manager . stop the app first . then , make sure it has been cleared from the cached background processes . a phone restart might be required to start the app again or other apps . i am fine with having to restart my phone . it gives me the chance to control everything i do on it .
try signing out first . and than back button .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
a very possible reason is probably you have used your google account in another mobile also for downloading apps from google play or for accessing gmail or whatever . do not panic about such things if you have logged out from that devices .
theory #1 the device may represent an android emulator you used , where you installed an application on it through play store or simply logged into your google account . theory #2 devices never get deleted from google 's database ( even if you can hide them ) . this device may represent an old android phone you had .
most of the answers here are very informative on the battery issue , i do not want to touch on that , though i should let you know that if you have to charge your android with your laptop or desktop , make sure it gets full before you unplug it , otherwise you will be slowly ending the long life of your battery by unplugging every time you have to leave because it kind of takes longer . i take a major precaution when it comes to charging because i changed my phones charging adapter more than thrice due to charging using my laptop . i was finally advised by my techie to use the specified charger and since then , i have no battery issues . just a precaution .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
usb from computer delivers only 500ma . so , a 2100ma battery will take 5 hours to charge from a computer . the charger outlet delivers 700ma to 1a . so , the battery will charge within 3 to 3.5 hrs .
charging from a usb port of a computer is slower than charging using a charger because the voltage and amperage provided by the computer is considerably lower than in the case of using a normal charger , so the mobile is using “slow charge mode” i don’t know which is the charging speed ration between usb and normal charger in the case of a sgs , but in my case ( htc desire ) with a normal charger i need approximately 2 to 3 hours for a full charge , but with a usb connection that time only charges 15 to 35 percent .
consider that computers often have other things inside of them or connected to them that need the same charge . the power within a computer itself is always lower than direct power from a outlet from a wall . when power is distributed through a computer to your phone , that same amount of power is also being used throughout the whole computer slowing the voltage to your phone , and other things that are plugged up . always remember , if you want direct power and a quicker charge , its always good to use to wall outlet instead of a computer or labtop .
samsung bridges pins 2 and 3 facing the phone . if pins 2 and 3 are open , the phone limits your charging capability to about 350 ma or so . check it out : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1384253
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
the last three are gps receiver , data sync and screen brightness . as seen here . and it looks like the extended controls app gives you even more control ( android police article ) and here it is on appbrain .
syncing is when you take two different sets of data ( normally on two different devices or on one device and one online ) and make them " mirror " , or be identical to , each other . this way , you always have the most up-to-date version of that data no matter which device ( s ) you are currently using . many things can be and are synced , including a lot of different data from third-party apps , like springpad ( which syncs your notes ) or dropbox ( a file storage service ) . however , for google applications , i believe that it is just your contacts , gmail , chats ( via talk ) buzz posts , calendar , and documents . you can also upload and download photos from your picasa account as well . however , i also think that google has lots of other apps that do not come pre-installed on most phones , such as finance , which ( i think ) will sync with your online stock portfolio or the like . ( i do not use google finance , sorry . ) sms is also only on the phone , though they have applications that you can download to backup your sms to your computer . no , other apps can use syncing as well , though i do not believe that they can sync to your gmail account . often times , these services have you register for separate accounts on their sites using your gmail to sync with their service and their application on your device . for example , like mentioned previously , i use springpad as a note-taking application on my droid . i had to create an account on their site ( though i could also log in via services like yahoo ! or gmail ) and it would afterwards sync with the application on my phone , so my notes on my phone are always the same as the ones on my online account with springpad . i think that you can add a gmail account in your gmail application on your phone . afterwards , you had likely be able to delete the old one . though , you had probably have to re-purchase or re-install your applications , as those are bought via your google account . i do not believe it would delete your sms as those are just on the phone , though it is always a good idea to clean your sms out because they eventually start to eat up quite a bit of space unless you have them set to automatically delete as you reach a message limit . ( for example , 200 messages ) for transferring data , there is a tutorial on transferring mail located here : http://www.consumingexperience.com/2007/09/gmail-transfer-all-emails-to-new-gmail.html ( not written by google , but the next best thing ) . for contacts , you had just export them all from your online gmail account and then re-import the export file into your new one . hopefully this answers your question and good luck switching !
in general , apps these days are built to put as much as possible on the sd card in order to save internal space . some apps require being on the internal card for programming reasons , however . generally speaking you can let them manage themselves . otherwise you should keep all your own media , etc on your sd card so as to keep the internal one free for things like system caches , etc .
if you have root , it is possible , but not really recommended . if you do not have root , then you cannot . the file system is designed to be readonly and you can not add additional files to the system .
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
if you have root access then you could use droidwall to give different apps , including email clients , access to wifi and or mobile data . this would require you to use a different client for each account and would not automatically differentiate between wifi at work or at home . :o/ ( it is a pretty rough work around but the best i could think of . . . )
no idea , not using twitter on my phone ( @matthew read 's idea has merit ) open skype , hit menu , settings , uncheck notifications you do not want to see .
you can prevent lock button from turning off you screen by altering your settings . go to your settings select Security deselect the check box Power button instantly locks
if your phone is rooted , install " avast mobile security " and enable firewall . you can block internet access to any installed app . its not about blocking ads . its about blocking internet access . and its free .
you have given almost no information other than you are having trouble with the connection . to venture a guess , i would check the router since it is the device you are connecting to .
i have not done a screen recording in a phone , only in a computer . but if your unit is already rooted , you can try to download " scr screen recorder " from the appstore . it will work on rooted devices only . good luck !
i too have a samsung galaxy nexus and i upgraded from cm11 m3 to m4 manually just one week ago . but i looked it up on my phone and there is an ota-update to the m4 build . other than that , you can find your current cm11-build under settings -> about phone and there it says in the entry named cyanogenmod-version . it should end with your device 's code-name ( depending on your specific galaxy nexus it can be either " toro " , " toroplus " or " maguro" ; in my case " maguro" ) . and that update in late february cannot have been the m4-build , because that is just too far in the past . the m4-build was anounced officially by the team of cyanogenmod on march 7th . i hope i could help you . ps : if you still do not get the ota-update , i would recommend you to flash it manually .
thanks for your answer . if looking into " about phone " , " build date " is " tue feb 25 14:46:23 pst 2014" and build number " cm_maguro-userdebug 4.4.2 kot49h installerxnpq09p release-keys " according to build date , i guess that is still m3 , right ? last weekend i tried to manually update , by downloading the zip file for maguro from http://download.cyanogenmod.org , but that ended up in a corrupted phone : phone app was missing , i was not able to receive calls home button did not work ( flashed when pressed , but nothing happened ) quick settings button in notification bar without effect and many issues more . . . . i now re-installed cynogenmod by again running the installer . build number and date are stated at the top of this post . i suggest that installer version is quite a bit slower in its release cycles , right ?
i have an answer for you . cyanogenmod should implement a simple solution ! the fix can be found on the final post of this page : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87482-critical-flaw-in-whisperpush/ you will need android studio installed on your pc to use " adb " in terminal/command-line . these are the steps that are suggested on that site : you could try to unregister manually : the http response code should be 204 . source : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87169-disabling-whisperpush/#entry448596
i ended up deleting my account and registering it again , and it worked , but this is a workaround . as pointed out by other people , the native mail app is buggy , so i started evaluating touchdown .
i know you were going for the " onboard " solution for exchange e-mail , but at my workplace a bunch of folks use touchdown : http://www.appbrain.com/app/exchange-by-touchdown-key/com.nitrodesk.touchdownpro only problem is that is is $19.99 . it works well with activesync policies and does not force you to encrypt your whole device if your sysadmin has required as such .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
adding to queue means there should be something playing first before the queue is created . try playing one song then add another music to the queue . do not pick another song , just wait for the current song to finish . the next song will be the song you placed in the queue .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
htc desire hd android 2.3.5 i had exactly the same problem , would plug in standard headphones/ earphones/ aux cable to speakers . . . all of these would register on the phone as earphones with a mic built in for some reason . it would cut music tracks short and play the next one or start ringing a call . strangely , as i was searching for this thread , the problem has self corrected . all that is different is that i updated all of my apps on google app store today . this is the only factor that i have changed . try this ! i hope it works out for you as well as i know how frustrating it was ! best wishes
i have this same issue with my htc desire . my hypothesis is that my headphones or jack have a slight short and is activating the voice commands via the input channel . i am trying to see if there is a way to turn off voice commands on the headphone jack itself or all together without turning off the input channel so i can still use a headphone with a mic for phone calls .
i had the same issue on my evo 3d , i downloaded an app called headset blocker that disabled the phones headset remote abilities . this solved the problem immediately .
download headset blocker . worked fine on my desire hd .
i use unison by mounting the android with sshfs . as ssh server i use sshdroid . but be warned , unison with sshfs is really slow . though with one single file it should not matter .
i have also followed the cross compilation root as indicated in chc 's answer i have released unisonsync that allows you to unison without dealing with the command line ( and without rooting ) on google play : from the proof of concept , which was quickly running , to a production ready app it took much more time than expected , but now it works and is very handy to sync my publications and datasheet repository .
a market search revealed afilesync which claims to sync files via ftp and also has support to auto-sync files . you will need to be running an ftp server on your own . there is also sk sync , but users have reported mixed results with it . obviously , before you try any of these programs / apps , please backup your files both on the pc/server as well as your android device .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
you may have found something you are happy with now but i have compiled a binary of unison that works on android - it is possible using the hand-waving instructions you are talking about - i used them to cross-compile the linux source within ubuntu 12.10 using the android ndk and with a few alterations to the code it is now working . follow the instructions at https://sites.google.com/site/keigoattic/ocaml-on-android and then you will need to do a few things . there is a file called pty . c in the unison source - find the following section : // openpty #if defined(__linux) #include &lt;pty.h&gt; /*#define HAS_OPENPTY 1*/ #endif  and comment out define HAS_OPENPTY 1 as shown . you also need to open ubase/util . ml and edit : let homeDir () = System.fspathFromString "/Your path here"  comment out from here : . . . to here ! then you will also have to edit makefile . ocaml and comment out # CLIBS+=-cclib -lutil as shown . and as far as i can remember that all worked . the other step once compiled is to mount your android system partition as writable and copy unison to the /system folder where all the rest of the shell commands are . hope that is helpful to someone . . . i lost a lot of sleep getting it compiled .
i do not know of anything native that does this . there are many file sync apps but all the ones i have seen are either unidirectional , or rely on the user to manually sync the file from the phone to the cloud . what you are intending to do should be possible with the dropbox api but i do not know if you are willing to create your own custom app that keeps watch over the specific files you need sync'd
i do exactly what you ask with foldersync . it is a very nice piece of software , with plenty of options and features . i use it as a personal dropbox alternative using sftp over ssh with keyfile for authentication . you can even set it up to automatically detect changes on the local replicas and trigger an immediate upload . on my phone i use it to upload pics on my server as soon as i take them , and it works just perfect .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
i think the one on the right is the icon that shows you have an alarm on ( always shows when you have an alarm ) . the one on the left is a notification and should disappear if you dismiss the notification .
settings - apps - all , select the clock app and uncheck show notifications
under settings for the alarms uncheck " show icon " https://www.dropbox.com/s/l3xuk7cmipf98da/screenshot_2013-12-21-08-25-23.png https://www.dropbox.com/s/4rs4mx2elwi5npk/screenshot_2013-12-21-08-25-33.png
if you are rooted then use tool called " xposed framework " install it and download module named " gravitybox kk " install and reboot . finally go to gravitybox kk> > statusbar tweaks > > clock settings > > there will be an option called " hide alarm icon " ( check it , done ) hope it ll help you .
it turns out that the issue was that location reporting was enabled . disabling this misfeature increased my battery life almost three-fold , stopped the notification popups ( which i have since learned are called toasts ) , and now the spooks will have only a slightly harder time to find out where i have been .
install a wake lock detector and see which app is waking up your phone .
incognito mode should have you covered if you do not want your history seen within your browser . be sure to clean up any files you download ( images , videos . etc . . ) as they tend to pop up in your photo gallery once downloaded . you can manage file with the " my files " application . the s4 also has a " downloads " application that will keep a history of files you have downloaded so clear that too . also be sure to check your google web history if you have ever enabled it .
the title of your question sounds like you are talking about chrome 's " web history " feature . when you browse using chrome ( either on your android device or on desktop ) , or from google now searches , the pages you visit are logged in your browser history . chrome syncs your browser history to google 's servers , to let you access your history from any computer where you are logged into the same google account , and for other google services such as google now . if you do not want your browser history stored on google 's servers or used in this way , go to the google settings app , click accounts and privacy , and turn off web history . ( as mr kutch points out , there is also a web interface . ) if you use some other browser that is not chrome , such as firefox or opera mobile , google has no access to your browsing history .
yes , software tweaks have a massive effect on image quality , and the htc sense version was optimised for you sensor , whereas the cm app was not , this is the difference between a well optimised app written to play to the strengths of a specific platform , and a general app written to give a moderately good experience on average . this same thing can be applied to cm more generally , with apps that use specific hardware ( e . g . dialer ) often having a worse experience compared to stock .
you might want to check the temperature of your phone when this happens . touch the phone to feel whether there is any abnormal heat . waze is a battery intensive application because it uses the gps , radio , screen , and gpu , it is normal that the phone would warm up a little when running resource intensive apps but it should not be too hot to the touch . you would also want to put the phone away from the car 's heater on winter , and shade it from direct sun light and turn on the air conditioner when it is summer . it is probably not the car charger , but not charging while using waze may also help a little because charging causes the battery to warm up . this may not be practical though , since waze uses lots of battery while running . if there is an option in waze to turn the screen off on long roads , then use that , the screen is also a major producer of heat .
your battery may be defective due to overheat . you may be charging the battery when it is not necessary ( possibly full ) . i have another phone which has this problem . i changed the battery , and that solved the problem . so , try to change your battery .
your charger is fine . only your phone is running hot due to heavy usage . your phone has a few components that dissipate heat if heavily used : the processor when used heavily by an app ( yours has 2 cores ) the graphics chip when your app uses opengl ( also for screen composition ) the display when lit ( depending on the brightness ) the battery itself ( when charged or discharged heavily ) the modem also needs rather much power for 3g/4g/lte data transfers if this all above leads to a high battery temperature a safety mechanism kicks in for security reasons ( liion battery technology needs this supervision , you may have heard of burning or exploding consumer tech ) reasons : it is mostly a mix of all things above . maybe it is also a bad programmed app ( requires too much computation , keeps cpu awake , etc . ) . what you can do : lower screen brightness underclock your cpu via setcpu is force gpu rendering in the developer settings enabled ? if so , disable . try another app or file a bug report for waze ( maybe ) does the app work also when the screen is off ( i am not sure what it does , maybe it has speech output that does not require you to look at the screen ) maybe it is due to your model ( i heard the i9100g generates more heat ) switch to 2g only in the mobile networks settings : settings-> wireless and networks-> more-> mobile networks-> use only 2g networks ( saves battery )
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
while all networks you have connected to in the past are stored in a file called /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , networks " just seen " around ( but never connected to ) are imho not stored to any file , but just " cached " in memory . so a simple trick to get rid of them is to enter airplane-mode for a couple of seconds ( or a minute if seconds are not enough ) . with wifi being disabled , the system should see no reason to " stick " to that " cached " information , and thus " forget " the unknown networks . as soon as you return from airplane mode , it would need to " rebuild " its cache again – but those " stickies " should be gone for good ( until next time , maybe , but then simply repeat the action ) .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
press it , hold your finger over it , then a red trash can will appear . drag it to the trash can . press and hold to start the drag and drop . press and hold on an empty space to bring up a menu to add widgets . then select the search widget to bring it back .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
google search can be deactivated in the system settings , in the apps . it then appears at the bottom of the apps in the system settings , where it can be activated . it cannot be deinstalled . ( if it were able to be deinstalled , you can back it up using astro file explorer , and using any file exporer re-install it ) .
you cannot deactivate that , not to my knowledge anyway . you can install something like smart launcher , next launcher or go launcher which have extreme flexibility in what you can do . it is just like installing any other app , and the next time you hit your " home " button you select that launcher " just once " to test it out .
this is a simple and pretty straightforward way to restore deleted whatsapp stuff . all you need to do is uninstall the app and install it back . this would actually use all the backup files , and restore whatever it can . it works with videos also
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
to expand on @rossc 's comment , doing this yourself is quite easy if you are confident and comfortable with device disassembly , and have the correct tools . there are tutorials on how to safely and correctly replace this : ifixit : https://www.ifixit.com/guide/motorola+moto+x+battery+replacement/16974 etradesupply video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd3azsxhof8 from experience , i strongly suggest you watch the entire video and/or read the whole article before ever even starting . that way no surprises creep up on you , and you already have an idea as to everything you will need to do . tools can be found widely online and may be worth the investment ( $2 kit on amazon , $1.35 kit on ebay ) . note that this might void any warranty you have from motorola or your device 's distributor . you could check with them first and see if the repairs might be covered for free or a fee . motorola can always help but may cost you more money ( if you are at fault for the damage ) or can take a while to complete due to shipping , service backlog , etc .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
go to settings > apps > click on the " all " tab then find your current launcher ( the one that is default now ) in the list . in the app info page you should have the option to " clear defaults " . click this and the next time you hit the home button you will have the option to select a different launcher .
i am doing the exact same thing , except with my captivate , and i ran into the same problems . to solve them , i use three apps across the two devices . on my n7 , i use tasker to detect when i lose wifi connection and use bluetooth auto connect as a tasker plugin to automatically connect to my phone . on my phone , i use bluetooth auto tethering , which automatically turns on bluetooth tethering when you start your phone . as a bonus here is a link to my tasker profile/tasks which does all this stuff . i think you can just import it into your tasker .
this is unfortunately not something you can do without root . i found a fully fleshed out discussion about solutions and alternative options on stackoverflow . user andy notes : [ t ] his is currently not natively supported in android , although google has been saying it will be coming ever since android was officially launched . while not natively supported , the hardware on every android device released to date do support it . it is just disabled in software , and you would need to enable it in order to use these features . it is however , fairly easy to do this , but you need to be root , and the specifics may be slightly different between different devices . your best source for more informationa about this , would be xda developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=564 . most of the existing solutions are based on replacing wpa_supplicant , and is the method i would recommend if possible on your device . for more details , see http://szym.net/2010/12/adhoc-wifi-in-android/ . user silveri also notes that there are other options : [ i ] f you just want to share your laptop 's internet connection via wi-fi using any means necessary , then you have at least two more options : use your laptop as a router to create a wifi hotspot using virtual router or connectify . a nice set of instructions can be found here . use the wi-fi direct protocol which creates a direct connection between any devices that support it , although with android devices support is limited* and with windows the feature seems likely to be windows 8 only . *some phones with android 2.3 have proprietary os extensions that enable wi-fi direct ( mostly newer samsung phones ) , but android 4 should fully support this ( source ) .
to add to bmdixon 's answer , go into settings on your old nexus 4 or current nexus 5 , select " backup and reset " and have a look at the top option there : back up my data back up application data , wi-fi passwords and other settings to google servers
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
you can connect to your wifi even if it has password with the wps ( wi-fi protected setup ) . if wps is currently pressed or on in your modem other device could connect to the network without using the password . .
go to the main android settings > security > screen lock now see if there are any differences between the options as configured on your device and the other one . try ticking the option vibrate on tap to activate haptic feedback .
in the application , click on the ' tasks and memos ' area . there should be a Task list button ; click on it . there , you can select and deselect the lists you want to show . if you only wanted to show a single list , you can uncheck the rest of the lists and click Close . now , this is not designed to be used to quickly show and hide lists . rather , it seems more like a preference . if you want multiple lists and the ability to quickly load just one on demand , i would recommend an app designed specifically for lists , such as list master . i use jorte , but only for my calendars . it is not well suited for separate lists , but rather a simple todo list .
my best guess is that this behaviour is not configurable and maybe solely htc 's fault ( you most problably had a look at every option of your browser already before asking here ) . some options that come to mind : you might want to try a different browser than the evo 's default ( dolphin , opera , firefox ) root , unlock and install cyanogenmod or something different ( alas , not an option for many due to difficulty , risk and warranty problems )
no . for a start , the 802.11 protocols only work at the specified frequencies . radio protocols are very frequency-dependent , because they need to account for interference and distortion effects peculiar to the design frequency . second , the hardware and antenna designs are frequency dependent . longer wavelengths typically need a longer antenna , as well as different values for other radio components , and different software filtering . third , there is the legal issue . the frequency bands used by wi-fi are set by regulations in each region . if you just start broadcasting on a frequency of your choice you are likely to attract the attention of the local police : especially if your chosen frequency happens to collide with an official use such as air traffic control or emergency services . to achieve the kind of range you are after , you had need to buy a special-purpose point-to-point directional radio link , with equipment at both ends . since these are expensive devices , not just consumer electronics , the vendor would be able to advise you on the regulatory requirements , and configure and install them professionally in your target environment . if all you want is video surveillance , it would be far cheaper and easier to use off-the-shelf video surveillance hardware .
i am not sure if it can or not , but tasker has a 7 day free trial if you download it from their website instead of android market . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/download.html so you can try it out yourself .
as it stands right now , tasker does not have that functionality . some researching indicates no third-party app can do that .
according to subsonic music streamer , one of the application features is precisely what you are looking for : songs are cached for offline playback . supports mp3 , ogg , aac , flac , wma . most video formats supported too .
i could not stop it ( or do anything at all ) from settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> samsung push service . i opened " samsung apps " and it prompted me to upgrade . after that had completed , i went to settings -> about phone -> battery usage -> samsung push service and chose force stop , as it still seemed to be running heavily . upon powering the phone off and on , the app started up again , but no longer keeps the phone awake . i see it is now running version 1.1.4 , which may have fixed the problem ?
i accidentally downloaded the push service and , as i have not a clue what it is for , i followed the instructions in this forum and it seems to have uninstalled . possibly , i am mistaken but it is worth a try .
o.k. i have resolved the issue by re-applying the ota update from sdcard with recovery mode .
you could try opening the vcard file in outlook , there is also other software out there if you google " vcard editor " , find one you want and make sure there are not any issues with the file . in this case , you could remove the offending line , save with a new name and then try to import again . another option , you could import your contacts into your google account from a computer , then sync to a phone . follow this link for help with that . as far as other contact apps go , you will have to root your phone and install a rom that uses a different contact system then the one that comes stock on your phone . reason for this is most apps on the marketplace just put a different front end to the contact system already on your phone . you could look at the marketplace and see if there is an app you like , that is a totally separate contact system from what is on the phone , but i still think this would not help because your underlying issue would still exist .
just download opensignal from play store .
you will not be able to display this on the home screen without 3rd party apps . you can use this app called cellid info from google play store , you may find other apps that display this info too . the cellid info does not say if it has a widget ( i do not think it does ) but some of the other ones might .
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
my work account limits me from using pattern lock . the way i get around it is by using swype and a password that is a real word , that way you swype the pattern of the word to unlock your phone . get swype from beta.swype.com.
because of the way android works , one app cannot change another app 's settings . in future versions of android this could be made possible via an api like the android content provider . each app needs to provide the functionality for the other apps to change it is notification settings . stackexchange-url
the llama app supports “llamatones” — notification sounds which change according to the current profile . see this blog post for the description by the app developer . you could achieve what you want as follows : create separate profiles for every different configuration you want to have . edit one of profiles and create a llamatone named “sms” ; select a notification sound for it which should be used when that profile is active . to make the notification silent , select a “no sound” ringtone ( at least on cyanogenmod 9 it is available in the “ringtones” group ; if there is no such ringtone on your phone , you should be able to find a no-sound . mp3 and add it easily ) . repeat this step to create llamatones for all other apps which need to be controlled separately ( you can create a single llamatone for a group of apps which should use the same notification sound ) . now edit all other profiles and configure all llamatones there , setting notification sounds which are appropriate for these profiles . configure your apps to use the newly created llamatones as notification sounds . you can either switch profiles manually , or configure llama events to switch them according to the current time or any other available triggers . note that there is no way to set different volumes for different llamatones — the same notification volume is used , but this volume can be set in the profile . however , you can use a sound editor to change sound volume in audio files , and then use those audio files as custom notification sounds , e.g. , like this .
i managed to record with the help of built in app . go to Messaging app-&gt;Attach-&gt;Record Audio .
there must be an . apk floating around somewhere . my cyanogenmod 4.2.2 has an app in the drawer named " sound recorder " .
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
here 's how to run it : open your app list . go to voice recorder . open it and record .
this app has no inbuilt gui link on many builds . you can use the app sound recorder shortcut by kn inc to access it through a shortcut though . the app needs no permission . the recordings are saved on the sdcard in path /sdcard/ . the files names are recording* . 3gpp . the recording was just ok though with some amount of background noise .
using sero 7 pro with jb 4.2.1 i found the recordings listed as " recordingxxxxx " where the x 's were an autogenerated numerical sequence . recording files are saved as * . 3gpp on /sdcard . i have played them back using the player integrated with es file explorer .
you need to clear the data of the download manager and of the play store . go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All  now for both of the apps mentioned above choose clear data and clear cache .
try this . select the application in the update queue and cancel the update . do this for all pending items . they will still be in your my apps queue marked download . select one of these listings and choose update . it should finally finish the update process for that app . do this all other apps marked update , one at a time .
you might want to take a look at sms backup and restore apps on the playstore . an example app would be sms backup and restore , which allows you to backup the sms from your device and restore it later . as it backs up to xml , you could backup on your old device , transfer the backup xml file to the new device , and restore it there . as the screenshots show , this should be easy to do : from the settings , you define where to store your backups on the sd card , so you know where to find them . after having done the backup on your old device , connect it to your pc and copy that folder to your pc . then connect the new device , copy the folder to it , disconnect the device , and run the app to restore the backup . et voila : your messages are transfered . side effect : keep the app , and have it creating backups from time to time . so in case you need to factory reset your device one day , that is one piece of data you already took care for not to lose ; ) note : that is just one of the many possibilities . depending on the os running on your pc , it probably could be done with myphoneexplorer as well ( so you have some more features ) when running windows . but there are also a lot more suitable apps on the playstore -- simply search it for sms backup . if the " old phone " is not running android , it gets a bit more difficult -- but not impossible , it seems . the playstore also lists some migration tools like e.g. the spb migration tool , which promises : spb migration tool provides phone data migration to android from windows mobile and symbian platforms and comes with a complete solution , which allows copying the call history , text messages , contacts and bookmarks . with ~7 eur it is quite a bit expensive compared to others . if you only care about your sms , sms migrator might offer an alternative : about 2,50 eur , but ratings look a bit mixed . so for messages only , i rather recommend to take a look at phone copier : it provides a complete phonebook and messages copy from almost any phone to your android or from android to any other phone . you find a demo video on the playstore page of the app . hm , if i remember correctly , this tool was even written by an android enthusiast -- i wonder if he missed this question ; )
oled screen are very bad for burn in and colour leaking ( even worse that plasma screens in alot of cases ) en . wikipedia . org/wiki/screen_burn-in and so leaving them on the same screen for some time would not be a good idea you might also find the general life of the device shortened because of the hardware being used all the time , but unless you are putting the device under stress im sure it would be fine . the battery would likely weaken over time as well due to the constant charging
i think turning on from shutdown is not possible without messing with the hardware . i have a nexus one which is basically the htc desire and using cyanogen mod i have been able to use the trackball to wake from sleep etc . you will need to root etc and probably will void your warranty whatsoever . try the following link for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=690477 also google cyanogen mod ( i can only post one link at a time )
the wiki is wrong , i think . the heimdall example shows "--kernel " and " zimage " when discussing how to flash the recovery . i am thinking those options would be for flashing a new kernel , not a recovery image . try either " heimdall --help " or look at a cyanogenmod wiki page for another device to see an appropriate recovery flash command . . . this would also explain why the device only bnoots into recovery mode . recovery has been flashed as the kernel ! : )
i do not know the partition mapping of the sgs , so my only suggestion would be to use the gui ( heimdall-frontend ) and select the recovery partition only . as of restoration of the original system , my suggestion is to reflash the original rom without touching /data . but backup it first using an advanced custom recovery like this one if possible : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2201860 ( the key feature is custom backup/restore )
to get the headset to control only one application : the application has to support receiving headset control events . in the case of winamp , press menu --> settings --> enable " control headset " if there are multiple apps that accept headset controls , you may have to disable the feature on the other apps ( i am not certain which app gets priority over another ) .
motorola mytouch 2.1 settings -> connnect to pc -> default connection type choices are charge only / sync / disk drive i leave it at charge , unless i want to get to the sd card . it gives a alert that it is charge only , pull up that alert and it lets you change it .
try this ( not sure if it is the same for all phones ) : go to settings -> about phone -> usb settings select ' ask on connection ' ( if it is there ) . when you connect your phone via usb , it should ask you what to do . there was the option to ' do nothing ' for me .
you can hide the top bar if you use a different launcher like @customizer stated , but it will only hide it when you are on the home screen . when you open apps , if they are not full screen apps , the top bar will still be present . this is part of " core " android , and it is not something that can be changed , currently , via a setting or 3rd party application .
it is usually not possible with the default home screen . this is possible with alternative home replacement like go launcher ex , launcherpro , adw launcher , etc . some of these allow hiding of the top notification bar in their respective settings with specific swipe actions .
you have to close all applications , that are accessing the file WifiAnalyzer_Alias.txt . i had to close " es file explorer " and " wifi analyzer " itself . after restarting wifi analyzer i could import the file without problem .
you can not run .exe files in android . it is a windows executable file . android apps will have .apk format . check out this link . they discuss about android torrent apps ( downloaders ) .
μtorrent exists in play store and works well . download it from there . however , i would like to learn how to run . exe files on android without using a complicated method .
. exe is windows executable file . like you can not run android app on windows without android emulator . in the same way you are going to need windows emulator to run . exe on android . and as far as i know no such emulator is available yet .
.exe files are windows binaries ( i.e. . executable files/applications/programms ) that can not be run natively on a android system . i am sure the play store ( or the alternatives of the play store ) will have an equivalent app to the .exe file you are trying to run .
from my understanding each device listing in the play store is referenced to a unique id . by removing the device you have removed this id . you should be able to sign out of your google account on your device , then sign back in , making sure all of the sync features are turned on , this should create a new uid for your device , putting an entry in devices once again .
answering my own question : i fixed it , and i am not sure how . i did several things , and i did them several times . can not tell which thing or combination of things worked , but here 's what i tried : removed the sd card . connected the phone to the pc without booting the phone . this took it into recovery mode , sometimes but not always , and i did not figure out why sometimes it went into recovery mode and sometimes it did not . from recovery mode , i selected and ran the factory restore option . removed the battery and left it out for several minutes . ( i kind of think this was important . ) eventually the usb error vanished , odin discovered the phone , and i was able to reflash the stock rom .
it sounds like you are saying that certain apps are using the front speaker ( the one normally used during a phone call ) and are in turn using the " in call " volume . if this is the case , here 's what you need to do : throw your phone out the window go buy a new one i have had many android phones and have never seen this happen . the problem could be in the developer 's specific version of the app for your device , but it sounds like it is the device if it happens on more than one app . you should try a new device ( take it back to retailer/get a replacement under warranty ) . i doubt you would see it on a new phone . good luck . sorry you are having these issues . edit : you could also try a factory reset , which is what the retailer/warranty person will tell you .
looks like this is a bug with the front and back speaker routing , maybe you can try this app https://market.android.com/details?id=nl.powerbase.speakerswitcher and switch to speaker whenever you have problemm .
if you had not rooted your device i would tell you to take it to your carrier 's tech support center . i have had problems with my volume almost like your current issues and the i=only fix was to order a replacement . i do know what you are talking about with certain apps using different speakers [ front internal speaker and external speaker ] . this is based on the programming they have done and you should talk to the developers about the issue or look closely at the permissions of the app to see if they have access to both speakers or if your phone is indeed randomly selecting which to use . i hope this helps !
as i mentioned in the comments the twitter app does not seen to have an in-app browser so i am using the reddit is fun app instead since i know it does . i think that all in-app browsing uses a webview so it should be the same across all apps . the webview and chrome both use the webkit engine but chrome seems to use a more up-to-date one . i tried out sunspider on a few different devices and on the s2 with the browser . nexus 7 Running Android 4.2.2, Chrome 26.0.1410.58 Chrome: 1747ms (WebKit 537.31) In-app: 1720ms (WebKit 534.30)  nexus s Running Android 4.1.2, Chrome 18.0.1025.166, Chrome: 3443.7ms (WebKit 535.19) In-app: 4307.1ms (WebKit 534.30)  samgsung galaxy s2 Running Android 4.1.1 Resurrection Remix v3.8 ROM. Browser: 1488.8ms (WebKit 534.30) In-app: 1614.2ms (WebKit 534.30)  i ran the tests twice as i was suprised at the speed of the galaxy s2 compared to the nexus 7 but got roughly the same figures .
i do not know if boot_logo = splash_screen in chinese ; ) but i would say give it a try . i cannot see any reason that it should " brick " anything ( while changing one of the other two settings certainly have the potential , this one is not very likely to do so ) . as a reference , see this xda developers thread which is dealing with that issue : from what i understand , you need to change the init.rc file in \ setprop ro.kernel.android.bootanim 0 setprop debug.sf.nobootanimation 1 or simply change export ANDROID_BOOTLOGO 1 to export ANDROID_BOOTLOGO 0 also in init.rc however , all changes to init . rc are gone after restarting the phone . . . . which brings up another information : it is very likely that your init.rc resides on a ram disk , so those changes will have no effect at all . in that case , you would have to modify the boot image ( boot.img ) . i never did that , but this carries potential to entirely brick it ( as it happened to the guy in the linked xda thread , by the way ) .
very nice dude . . . i have also found one good link here . . . . splash screen - android example
im not sure about the hardware of your tablet , so might not be that powerful . that could be the reason for the lag about rooting and custom roms they are not assured to remove lag , some roms might help while some may be even slower , it depends on the rom you use . but that said generally custom roms are made to be lightweight , fast and fluid .
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
to answer this question , it appears ( at least in my case ) that the app skyvi was the problem . almost all my android issues ( including random restarting ) were sorted when i removed that app .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
solved . asus released the new firmware in its website . flashing it unbricked my device : download the stock firmware from asus’s official website . on the website , select android in the os drop down menu , then select firmware , and download the latest firmware . extract the downloaded firmware file . you will get another archive file . extract this one as well to get several files . one of these files will be named “ blob ” , which is the one we need to use . install android sdk for windows . shut down the tablet . hold power + vol down buttons until a message appears saying “press vol . up to enter rck ( 5s ) ” . however , do not press the volume up button . instead , wait for 5 seconds till a new menu appears . then , in less than 10 seconds , press volume down once to highlight the usb icon , then press the volume up button to validate . open command prompt on your computer from start » all programs » accessories ( or open start menu , type cmd and press the enter button ) . now , type the following commands in command prompt to flash the stock rom , pressing enter after each command : > cd c : . . . \path-to-andoid-sdk\platform-tools\ > fastboot devices > fastboot -i 0x0b05 flash system c : . . . \path-to-blob\blob > fastboot -i 0x0b05 reboot source : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/how-to-restore-asus-transformer-tf300t-back-to-stock/ more details : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1846661
even though android beam and s beam serve similar purposes , they actually work very differently and are not compatible with one another . android beam uses nfc to pair your devices over bluetooth , then transfers files over the bluetooth connection . i believe it can also transfer very small pieces of data ( contacts , links , etc ) directly over nfc , as the ice cream sandwich version highlights page implies : for larger payloads , developers can even use android beam to initiate a connection and transfer the data over bluetooth , without the need for user-visible pairing . s beam , however , uses wi-fi direct to perform data transfers instead of bluetooth . their reasoning for doing this is that wi-fi direct offers faster transfer speeds ( they quote up to 300 mbps ) . therefore , this will only work with other s beam enabled devices , currently limiting it to communication between two galaxy s3s . however , the sgs3 also supports android beam , so you can use that to transfer something between a gnex and an sgs3 . here is a tutorial on sprint 's website ( should be essentially the same for other versions of the sgs3 ) .
it is not chrome and you can not install chrome . chrome and the chromium project have been coded for the x86 architecture , i.e. the pc , and all the ui code is specific to either windows , linux , or mac .
you can download and install firefox mobile and then add an extension/add-on that allows printing pages with google 's cloud print : http://www.androidcentral.com/cloud-printer-extension-enables-printing-firefox-mobile in honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) chrome bookmarks sync with the device , so additional chrome features , if not the entire browser , may make the leap to android in the future .
actually the bad news is that everyone has the same problem . its dead slow ! ! . try using the intel based emulator ( instead of the arm-7 ) and download the haxm software that intel provides . its available for the mac too . you can download the intel based emulator and the haxm software ( only for windows i guess ) from the sdk manager .
i believe this should work - widgetsoid2 . x on google play ( i have verified that this allows you to create a toggle widget on ics which does not go into settings app and does it work directly . although since wi-fi hotspot is not working on my custom rom of ics yet , i can not verify the actual working . )
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
my phone is working now . i have followed steps to bring my phone up : ( 1 ) removed battery from phone for 30-40 minutes . ( 2 ) insert battery to slot and press power-on button , that is it . " now , i do not bother about root cause "
i got a new phone and this issue seemed to resolve itself . not sure why it was doing it before , but it is not doing it now .
it sounds like maybe you added your gmail account to the regular mail app . so you are probably receiving notifications from both apps . if you are only using the " gmail " app then find the " mail " ( not " gmail" ) app in your app drawer and run it and see if your mail is in there too . if it is just delete the account from there and then you should only get notifications from gmail not mail .
the option has been moved to the oem subset of fastboot functions . since every vendor is using their own proprietary ways to handle serial numbers . so there is no universal solution available . it is not a matter of finding a " fastboot binary that supports it " . fastboot binary just sends commands to the device 's bootloader . and " setserial " commands are proprietary .
with geohot 's new towelroot exploit , it is as easy as installing an . apk and clicking a button . towelroot link just download and install that app , and then run it . after it is done , go on google play and download supersu .
if i could comment , i would , but yes , towelroot is a safe download . it is one of the most commonly used root methods for newer devices . neither of the antivirus programs that i use have had any problem with it . ( if someone has the ability to repost this as a comment on @iamthesquidward 's answer , that would be awesome ) edit : several sites and forums state that it will work on the razr m and hd if your build number is .182 or .183 . if you already updated to whatever came next , then it is too late and you might not get the chance to root again . not to be rude , but that is what you get for having a motorola and/or verizon phone . they both ( along with samsung ) try their hardest to make sure that you cannot root or unlock your phone .
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
try booting in safe mode . to do this simply press the power button while holding menu + back
the phone should always charge , no matter how empty the battery is . you imply that the empty battery is the reason why it would not charge , but i think that this is not true . it is more likely that you are dealing with a hardware issue here . but first make sure that you connect the charger for at least an hour to your phone , just to make sure that it is really not charging . even if there is no visual feedback of the charge process , there is still a chance that it does so . you could also try swapping the battery with the one from your brother , to see if the failure is the battery or with the phone .
i built on top of izzy 's comment having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent . it really means that every client -- i mean every -- such as mutt in server , evolution in desktop , k9 in android , online settings such as gmail-labels/filters , ios email more here , desktop settings such as here and here -- must have corresponding settings . if one part is missing , your imap mailbox will not work over multiple devices or it has limited capabilities . i gather below some errrors that i had to fix in order for imap work over multiple devices . walk-through 'You have sent a message in a trashed conversation...' -- fix this error in gmail , more here . it may be because of filters or wrong setups . gmail folders are called "Labels" , make sure you have cross in a visibility -button , more here . in mutt , make sure you have the record line correctly like this : set record=/home/users/hhh/mail/Sent in ipad , make sure this here again and make sure Settings &gt; Mail, Contacts, Calendars &gt; Your@Email.com &gt; Account &gt; Advanced &gt; Sent corresponds to your other settings -- not something like Sent Emails . in desktop , make sure your desktop client has right settings more here , here and here ( debian -biased questions ) . next time you may have the same problem with other folders such as Trash and Deleted Messages -- yes i know -- it is irritating that different email-clients use inconsistent terminology so you need to adjust every name and delete all extra folders/labels later . i hope you luck , my setup looks to work but i am still fighting with a minor issues such as removing extra directories in k9 , anyone knowing a solution to that ?
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
the cerberus app allows you to remotely track and wipe your android device , as well as a lot more . if you have root , you can install it as a system app , and it will survive a wipe - which is really handy , it can also be hidden from the app drawer . i believe that this app will be the most use to you . please not that i am not affiliated with cerberus at all , and am just a customer .
while writing the question i found the solution . explanation in odin mode , when the phone accepts a new recovery to be flashed , the original samsung recovery of 4.1 rom automatically does everything to avoid being flashed , that is actually re-flashing itself on reboot , just like a good ol ' computer virus ! solution run heimdall with --no-reboot flag , or if you are using odin for windows , uncheck the auto reboot checkbox . when flashed , physically remove battery and disconnect usb power supply . congratulations , you just have clockworkmod recovery installed ! !
i have just developed an app that can save your current wallpaper to sd , share it , ect . furthermore it automatically saves a copy of each wallpaper you set , so you will get a history of all the wallpapers you have been using . my app is called wallpaper saver , can be downloaded from google play and is free ! download it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree
/data/data/com . android . settings/files/wallpaper it a png and appears to be an uncompressed ? due to the size .
i do not know if you are still looking for this , but if so , this was the best answer ! http://www.droidiser.com/2013/08/android-wallpaper-location-how-to-extract.html
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
there are a lot of alarm clocks around , and b"h one of them should solve your issue . i am using alarmdroid , which in its " advanced settings " has an option saying " rings max 10 minutes " ( set by default ) , and just below a checkmark for " change to snooze-mode afterwards " ( also enabled by default ) -- so you could disable snooze mode , which would solve your issue ( as the alarm would automatically turn off after 10 minutes ) . though i would prefer to have snooze mode , plus an option to say " stop the alarm after xx if the user did not respond " -- some other app may have that , or it could be requested of the developer . the argument of " shomer shabbat " may be convincing for him ( as pointing to a group of interested customers which might chose his pro version for this feature ) . edit : while searching for something else , i just stumbled upon shabbos alarm . the name alone seems to answer your question , does not it ? it allows you to . . . [ . . . ] set multiple alarms , choose which ringtones you want to ring , and set how long the alarms will ring for . it works perfectly whether you call it shabbos alarm , shabbat alarm , shabbis alarm , or any other kind of alarm for that matter :- ) did not try it out ( yet ) , but thought you might be interested to hear about . . .
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
try clearing you data and cache on the download manager . . . menu button > settings applications > manage applications ( wait 15-30 sec to load ) > download manager clear cache and clear data .
maybe you are flashing an ancient rom , where the built-in apps all are now outdated ? for a fast way to stop downloads , shut off the wifi , 3g , and all connectivity ?
due to no licensing cost and cheap hardware , its difficult to find a smartphone without bluetooth . to test your application , you can disable bluetooth hardware in any rooted android device . to do this , use hardware disabler app . but , make sure you have selected correct driver of bluetooth to disable . to find correct driver of bluetooth , you can either google or find it using android sensor box app .
you should try the phone finder @gsmarena . these search results give you a list of candidates with android and no bluetooth -- according to the data available at that site . i am not 100% sure if some of the results are just listed because it is unknown to the site whether they support bluetooth or not , but it at least gives you a good start .
there is probably not a single one . the reason is that initially ( or still ? ) google had requirements for handset makers if they wished to include the google apps in their phone like : handset needs to include 3g , gps , bluetooth support ( and probably more ) . all recent phones will have bluetooth , so if you really find one without : it is probably outdated and runs on an old version of android . you might try an amazon kindle ( that is really stripped down ) , but that has also no google apps , no gps and no gsm and is a tablet . last resort if you really want to get one without bluetooth support : get a model with good cyanogenmod support and build your own rom with bluetooth patched out ( seems like you do development , so you might consider this ) .
if i understand correctly , the message means that you can not set the tracks to be kept on the device , since they are currently on your device , not from play music . even the toast string toast_cant_pin_side_loaded suggests this ( see sideloading ) . unfortunately i can not confirm this since play music is not yet available in my region .
found a solution , follow the link and download version "4.4.811h . 526848" . install the old version and pin the last added playlist , then use the play store to update to the latest version . your last added playlist will now be pinned , when you update there is no still no pin icon but it is pinned .
i think you should try do a full wipe data/factory reset using your preferred custom recovery . . and then re-flash the rom and tell us what happens .
i wrote to google about this issue and they advised to clear app data ( device menu > settings > apps > all > google play music > clear data ) . this worked ! however , mind you - you will need to download all your music again if you keep it offline .
try using a task manager or a task killer app like advanced task killer .
if you are rooted your android then ' greenify ' is your answer ! it will help to hibernate all running services/apps/processes and free up resources .
long-press the home button . you should see something similar below . note : it is from a samsung galaxy s4 , but s3 should have it also . then , click the 3rd icon ( lower right ) . yes , it is safe . it will close all open apps . screenshot ( click image for lager variant ) update #1: just to clarify izzy 's comment , he is partially right . clicking the button will not close all running apps , but it will close all apps have you have manually opened . e.g. if you opened 3 different browsers , and clicked the button above , those 3 browsers would close . however , it will not close background processes / services that are running ( e . g . adblock , acalendar+ , etc )
from the linky the op has enclosed , the key part summed it up : tmpfs is supported by the linux kernel from version 2.4 and up . [ 3 ] tmpfs ( previously known as shmfs ) is based on the ramfs code used during bootup emphasis mine , that is what the ramdisk is about ! it enables the kernel to temporarily mount the root filesystem , and continue executing the necessary scripts upon start-up . same applies in this case of android , each and every boot.img that is flashed to the /boot partition , whether by odin , fastboot , kies , sony update software , heimdall , etc , contains the " ramfs code " , which has a directory structure containing , pertinent ones are included : /dev for device files /sbin for system binaries /sys for usage of interacting with the device files after /proc has mounted the boot-up script reads the ramfs directory structure and mounts it after successfully mounting the /system in the very early stage of boot . as in relation to the op 's keyword in the question : create an auto-growing . . . it does not auto-grow per se , rather , its limited by the ramfs structure , and amount of ram available , and more importantly , it disappears on reboot ! the confusion comes from inter-mixing " ramdisk " with " ramdrive " interchangeably , technically a ramdrive , is a swap space in the native swap partition , commonly found on desktop linux if you are thinking of the old dos era , where ramdrive was used , to simulate a disk drive resident in memory , and programs when copied over to that disk , and loaded faster not execute faster , rather than loading from the old mfm/rll disk-drives ( ever see dos directory listing scroll very slowly on those drives ? ) this , was also known as ramdisk as well ! ( to make matters worse , back then , different manufacturers produced ramdrive . sys or even ramdisk . sys ! ) in the case of viewpoint of the linux kernel , both desktop and android , ramdisk is tmpfs , but is not intended for normal users to store data/documents etc as that is exclusively for the usage by the kernel itself ! edit to note @nil 's comment below , you can mount it yes , but it comes with a cost , resources allocated to the tmpfs gets halved and uses up half of remaining of whatever amount of ram left . realistically speaking , it is not an ideal avenue to persue from the viewpoint of android running on devices . that is where the /sdcard comes in , to store user data/documents for that reason alone , hence why i omitted the fact that you can , but then again , why ? what if the end user forgets to save the data to the right place - because that is lost upon reboot !
if you do a cat /proc/filesystems you should notice tmpfs . so if you have access to the mount command , you shoud be able to create a directory ( mkdir MYDIRECTORY ) mount a tmpfs-filesystem there ( mount -t tmpfs tmpfs MYDIRECTROY ) per default a tmpfs-mount will use halv of the available ram on your system . so rather than " auto-growing " you can think of it as " auto-shrinking " - i.e. the more you use it , the less ram will be available . in the worst case your system might start swapping ( which you do not want ) . you can use options to use a different ram-size for that mount .
as your device is rooted , you might want to check some tools which help you on this task . examples include titanium backup , which ( next to backup almost everything ) can freeze apps ( which is the same as " disabling " them ) , and app quarantine , which is even dedicated to this job . the two are just examples , there are more " tool boxes " out there capable of the job in question . another way ( not requiring extra apps ) is utilizing adb for this : adb shell pm disable &lt;package_name&gt; could be used to disable an app ( see also this answer ) .
you could use widgetlocker to add your favorite world clock widget to the lock screen . you can find these widgets by searching the play store .
the exploit ( and fix ) android " master key " article describes the process of using the “master key” exploit to get elevated privileges with lots of technical details . the main point is that the exploit by itself does not give root privileges — only arbitrary code execution as the system user , and another privilege elevation exploit is needed to get root privileges ( one well-known example shown in the article is writing ro.kernel.qemu=1 to /data/local.prop , but this attack is blocked in most android 4.1 and later versions ) . the article also provides download links for the cydia impactor tool which automates the “master key” exploit ( currently only up to getting the system user rights , not all the way to root ) . there are versions for windows and mac os x .
the exploit is patched into aosp , currently in cyanogenmod , its a matter of time before the update gets pushed out . it does not give you root privilege per se , rather it circumvents the signed key used to sign the rom so that an apk can pose as a system app , in which the installation of the apk bypasses the said signed key . as you have a nexus 4 , it will be a matter of time before google pushes that out . as for others , best to check with your manufacturer , not your carrier .
as it is a powered hub , power will not be a problem . android does not have a specific limit on how many usb devices you can have , so the limit is that imposed by the usb specification . if i remember rightly , it is 256 devices , but you can check that for yourself if you are worried . using a single usb hub with a device is well-tested on different kinds of devices . the only other thing you need to check is that the tablet you are using supports usb-otg . most branded devices do these days , but cheaper tablets from unknown manufacturers , and older ones , do not . you also need android 4.0.3 or later .
depends on your model . for most of the international versions such as the gt-i9000 , you can get it over the air ( a notification pops up , ir you can go to settings -> software update ) or through kies ( i recommend getting kies mini from samsung.com ) . froyo has not been officially released for some models including the us ones , however . i recommend a custom rom such as nero v5 for the t-mobile vibrant . the easiest way to find one is to go to xda and look and the subforum for your device . note you probably need root and rom manager ( in the market ) to load a rom .
looks like you can use llama to achieve this ( wow , llama can do what tasker can not ? or does tasker just not mention it in its manual ? ) . basically , it should work like this ( taking from one of it is screenshots on the playstore app page ) : when " charging at home " => enable wifi hotspot i know , that is not exactly what you described . but it should give you a raw idea . get yourself the free llama app from the playstore , and take a closer look at its possibilities . you might find a " rule " closer to your requirements there . alternatively , there are other automation apps available ( like e.g. the mentioned tasker ) . one of them might do the job better for you ( e . g . offering " usb connected " as condition , and " enable usb tethering " as action -- i would wonder if llama could not do that as well ) . at least , this example should have got you started .
the way google syncs contacts between android devices and google contacts is through their contact apis . changing a contact within google contacts will push the change ( when an account sync occurs ) to the device . the same happens when you change or delete a contact on the device . it will trigger a sync with the google contacts and update , or delete the contact . the contacts are tied to your account , so if you have multiple accounts on the device , and you sync account a and account b with contacts , changes to a contact on account a will only affect the contact tied to account a . if you have the same contact in account b , that contact will remained unchanged . so if you change the phone number in account a , that contact will now have 2 phone numbers . the number from account a , and the number from account b . you can also have contacts on the device that are not tied to a google account . these are usually saved directly on the device , or on the sim card . they are not sync'd to google contacts . changes made in google contacts will not affect these contacts , nor will changing the contact on the device affect google contact information .
wireless tools home page has links to multiple versions including : latest stable ( v29 ) latest beta ( v30-pre9 )
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
my motorola defy has this capability . my phone is running android 2.1 . when you hold your finger over the text field , it will pop up a zoomed in window that allows you to move the cursor with your finger to edit text .
the problem has been solved . my device ( 3g ) had android 4.2 installed initially . however the multiple user functionality is only available with android 4.2.1 . my device did not show the udpate . today it did - no idea why - and now the item is visible .
from the system requirements for adobe air 3: armv7 processor with vector fpu , minimum 550mhz , opengl es 2.0 , h . 264 and aac hw decoders android™ 2.2 , 2.3 , 3.0 , 3.1 , 3.2 , or 4.0 256mb of ram android web browser
all apps ( root or not ) have a default data directory , which is /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; . by default , the apps databases , settings , and all other data go here . if an app expects huge amounts of data to be stored , or for other reasons wants to " be nice to internal storage " , there is a corresponding directory on the sdcard ( Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . apart from that , all apps can store data anywhere on the sdcard , as there are no restrictions -- and many apps do so . they can use directory names freely ( and they again do ) , which is what often makes it hard to decide what all that " junk " on the card is intended for , and what of it can be deleted . though , as tom pointed out , root-apps could store their data almost everywhere on your device , they usually follow the same rules as other apps . you can find a general explanation of the android directory hierarchy in my answer here . for your specific question i might add some more details on the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( and corresponding sd-part ) : databases/: here go the app 's databases lib/: libraries and helpers for the app files/: other related files shared_prefs/: preferences and settings cache/: well , caches there might be several more directories in this place , or fewer -- it all depends on the app . in its own " home directory " ( and that is what it basically is , spoken linux-wise ) they can place files where they want . usually , these files and directories are only accessible by the app itself ( and root , of course ) -- other than those stored on the sdcard , which are accessible by all apps .
the answer to your question you are asking is too big . i can , however , give you a basic answer which covers the basics . there are two kinds of apps : root and non-root . root apps can basically store/modify files wherever they want . non-root apps can only store/modify files here : /sdcard/ and every folder what comes after . mostly , the installed apps store themselves at /sdcard/Android/data or /sdcard/Android/obb . some apps store their save games/configuration data files on /sdcard/APPNAME/ , or just on the /sdcard/ to be able to use root apps , you will need to have rooted your android device and have given permission from one of the superuser apps .
ota updates do not wipe the device : all apps and data are preserved across the update . even so , it is always a good idea to back up your data frequently . as you point out , not all apps support the in-built google backup mechanism , so it is wise to have a full backup just in case . see our backup tag wiki and top questions to learn about what options are available ( whether you have rooted the phone or not ) .
for those who have already unlocked their phone 's bootloader - which will wipe the phone ( thanks @onik for the reminder ) : if you download the factory image , by default the flash-all.sh and flash-all.bat scripts would indeed perform a wipe of your device at the end . provided you are overwriting an image from the same vendor ( i.e. . not a custom rom in this case ) , you can just edit that script and remove the -w flag . i have used it to upgrade to 4.4.2 and 4.4.3 before my nexus 4 is scheduled to receive the ota .
tasker should be seeing the event even if the system does not have it set as the default handler , so you should be safe setting smart dock as the default . ( that said , you could also have tasker handle the launch of smart dock . )
as far as i know , android is not setup to use hosts . allow and hosts . deny however , it is setup to use a standard hosts file in /system/etc/hosts unfortunately , it does not support wildcards , so it might be difficult to limit the device to a single domain via that method . iptables probably are your best bet - perhaps you could post the rules you attempted , and i can see if there is anything that could be causing them to run too slow ?
i think it is safe to say that any modern equipment today will stop charging when the battery reaches full charge . and if it stays on the charger , the device will be powered on by the charger and the battery will not run down . so leaving the equipment plugged all the time should be the equivalent of leaving the device turned off with a full battery inside . as it is said in the reply mentioned in the comments , the best thing to do when storing a battery for a long time is to leave it to 40% charge , but 100% will not harm the device unless you leave it for a very long time . as an example , since batteries are limited in their amount of charge cycles , it is better to leave it on the charger if do not use the device for a couple of days than to disconnect and reconnect it every day and use some of the cycles . personally , i have a 1st gen ipod touch that is docked most of the time , even for up to a complete month , and the battery is almost at full capacity even after 3 years .
i do not know about your specific device/battery but here is a rather detailed article on the battery in android phones and the app used in the article to log battery information is called currentwidget if the article is representative of most smart phones , which i suspect it is , to maximize your battery life your phone does an initial charge to 100% and then maintains the battery at about 93% . my takeaway is that it is good to leave your phone plugged in and charging when you can but it is not good to frequently plug and unplug your phone .
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
you can " recalibrate " face unlock by switching to another type of lock screen and back , as this causes a new reference image to be taken . meanwhile you can unlock the device with secondary measures ( either pin or pattern unlock ) .
yes it should work , since the face recognition technology in android ics is designed to match the face with the help of points of recognition as shown bellow . majority points will be applied on the facial parts . so it should recognize your face .
this could count as a good sign : there should not be such a thing as " unused ram " . linux and android in special do a good job to make the best use of it by caching things . if there is any ram not currently needed by running apps , it can be used to keep e.g. pieces of the file system for faster access -- which also helps to save battery life . once there is additional ram needed , those caches are the first things to be cleared . for more details , i recommend to take a look at the following related questions and their answers : 0 ram free on ics are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have ?
it does not look like the update failed . what it is asking for is your google credentials . if the update you applied failed , you most likely would be at the " android " boot and it would just loop , or you had have a black screen . the adp1 device is sim unlocked , you said you have the developer version of the g1 . you do not need to have a t-mobile sim , an at and t sim will work . make sure you have the google usb drivers for the device installed . you could also install a version of cyanogenmod on the device , i believe that allows you to use wifi to authenticate . i found this tutorial on how authenticate via wifi , but keep in mind , this device is a couple years old now and i do not know if the files needed are still available .
you can follow this guide to bypass the activation screen . it requires reverting back to rc29 rom ( downgrading back to 1.0 ) , and having adb and htc drivers installed on your pc . the reason for installing rc29 is that this version has a flaw that treats anything you type as if it was typed into the terminal . you will be exploiting this flaw to enable adb access and bring up the settings menu , from which you can enable wifi and activate the device . with a sim card installed in your htc g1 , turn on the phone . plug your t-mobile htc g1 to you pc usb and install drivers on the windows xp machine . once it ask you for registration type on the keyboard the following : [ enter ] setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 [ enter ] *even though you don’t see what you are typing , but you are actually executing a command on your g1 to enable usb debugging in settings . you will notice that the command worked , because windows xp will recognize a new hardware device . “htc dream composite adb intefase” . install the driver by pointing to the folder where you downloaded the usb drivers . unzip the adb tool software into the “c:\adb” windows xp folder . on windows xp , click start -> run -> cmd” to command prompt type c:\adb devices ( if your device is connected u will see it ) type c:\adb shell ( you will see a $ sign ) just copy and paste this into command prompt : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.Settings the settings screen will appear on the htc g1 phone . now switch on wi-fi , connect to the wifi network you have and connect to the internet . now you can either login with your existing account or create new account with google . after your g1 is activated , you can then flash a custom firmware ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) or a pre-rooted stock 1.6 rom that will allow you to re-activate your g1 over wifi without resorting to exploits .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
both the default android messaging app and the htc sense app are buggy , as far as i have heard . until they get their act together , i recommend trying another sms app and seeing if it is any better . handcent sms would be a good choice .
you can always put the files on an sd card and transfer them to your internal storage from there , but as was said in the comments , if something happens during the process and you are unable to boot your phone , the only way to recover from that is to reflash it from the computer , using the usb cable . you can use titanium backup to back all of your apps up onto the sd card , and hopefully you keep everything you can backed up through google , but you still would have an unusable phone if something happened .
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
are you using a custom rom ? it may have adblock enabled behind the scenes . as a work-around , try the ad block remover .
looking at what the app does , and the fact that it needs root , it looks like one of the methods that it uses to block ads is to make changes to the device 's central hosts file . 1 2 this changes the way that dns works on the device so that any requests by an app to connect to certain internet servers are given a bogus ip address , and the attempt to talk to the ad serving server fails . in fact it looks like adfree downloads and uses the mvps list of hosts file entries list of host file entries ( the file is available for download here ) . based on that i would assume that what is happened is that when you were using adfree it downloaded that list of hosts file entries and saved them into the central hosts file on your phone ( this would require root access ) , but when you uninstalled the app it did not undo the changes it made to the hosts file . if you just want to be able to connect to admob servers to test your app then you could edit your hosts file to remove just google 's admob servers from the list , it looks like they are all called something .admob.com . alternatively you could edit your hosts file and remove all entries from it that point to 127.0.01 , which should set you back to a default setup , with nothing being blocked . more on editing your hosts file here : guide to editing /etc/hosts .
first , root your phone . if it denies root access , go to the superuser website and download the latest superuser and binary packages . after that , reboot in recovery and install the packages . finally , boot your phone up normally and clear the data of superuser . then , run superuser and try updating the binaries and baaaam works like a charm !
thanks to " eldarerathis " for the comment . basically unlock bootloader does not mean you will have root access to your device . even though you can install an entire new operating system still rooting your phone must be done inside the os . so if you trying to root your htc device check unrevoked . com . for other devices i found a reliable tutorial at http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-20054428-285/how-to-root-your-android/. please note unlock bootloader or rooting your device may void your warrantee .
the only way i have found to do this ( without signing up for a new service ) seems to be installing opera mobile . opera has the ability to download files instead of just using android 's default intents menu for mp3s . according to comments in the original question , it looks like android 4.0 can do this natively .
you could always upload the music to amazon 's free cloud player ( included both online at www.amazon.com and in the amazon mp3 app for android ) on your home computer . then , download the amazon mp3 app on your phone ( if it is not already installed ) . get it set up by typing in your amazon account info , and sync in with your cloud drive , which lets you stream your music on your phone . your music collection can either be streamed in the cloud , downloaded to the sd card , or played with any media player on your phone .
are you able to chrome-to-phone a page containing the link to the mp3 you want ? if so , dolphin ( and most most every android browser ) will allow you to " save link as " ( or similar ) when you long-press on it . this will download the file instead of trying to play or stream it . more cumbersome solutions include downloading the mp3 you want on your pc then transferring via dropbox or syncing via doubletwist ( or even their airsync for-pay feature ) . doubletwist even has its own built in podcast features much like itunes . bigcaseydog 's answer about amazon mp3 would be a very similar alternative to dropbox . fwiw , i am a pocket casts fan for the purposes of this very question - i was stuck with the same problem you describe until i fell in love with their download feature , among other things .
if you want to remove data of an app : go to settings , apps ( or app manager ) , tap on the app , scroll down , press " remove data "
you can try : appmgr iii ( app 2 sd ) - android 2/3/4 link2sd - android 1.6+
as izzy points out , /system is usually mounted read-only , because it contains the operating system itself . the only reason you are getting these errors is because you specifically asked the command to wipe both /system and /data: that is what the all means . if you actually did that , you had have to reboot into recovery to reinstall the os . if that is what you really want , you should first remount /system as read-only by running the following command in a root shell on the device : mount -ro remount,rw /system  if you just want to wipe user data , to get an effect like a factory-reset for a clean slate for testing , then the command you need is wipe data .
my answer for you is twofold ; there are innate downsides to off-brand devices but - most importantly - your use case ( development and application purposes ) might make off-brand android phones a poor choice . this is from my experience with the phones ( i have a lot , having lived in asia for years , and seeing a lot here in the states ) first , the general issues . cheap , off-brand phones like that can actually perform quite well - but those good phones can be few and far between . often , you will face issues with any/all of the following : screen quality - this is generally the first place no-brand manufacturers cut corners . many , if not most , of the devices will have low resolution and poor color reproduction . battery - this is the next big issue with these . there are many reasons that cheaper design , development , and manufacturing generally mean poor battery life . from the chips used , to the battery technology used , to the radios ( in your case , dual-sim is a known battery-drainer ) . local support - your mileage may vary™ . many , if not most , no-brand devices are quad-band gsm-devices - worldphones ! ! but many are not , and almost all are poorly documented . it may claim to be a worldphone , but who knows for sure ? slowness - these things are cheap . good nand is expensive , good socs can be expensive . most off-brand phones are much slower than the big-name phones from htc , lg , motorola , etc . . . customer support - almost universally non-existent when dealing with these things . long-term manufacturer support - you are almost guaranteed to never see an update to the android os on these phones . community support - the devices are , unfortunately , almost never supported by the hacking/modding/open-source communities . phones from big names almost all have communities for modding/roms/help built around them . that does not seem so bad , right ? you will be developing software for your organization . you do not care about watching movies - so screen quality does not matter - and it'll always be plugged into a dev machine - so battery does not matter either . you probably expected slowness too . you probably do not care about those issues ! let me tell you why you might want to care . screen - it is likely to be an old , depracated screen resolution . if you are going to be developing applications to publish then it could be a problem making your app compatible with standard screen sizes . ( your so question implies you are not , so this might be a nonissue ) . slowness - you mention that this will be a low-demand server and sms gateway . slowness may be a downside for you . the phone you linked is very slow . long-term manufacturer support - this thing runs android 2.3.6 . that is ancient . even though that version is still used on many android phones today , it could be very limiting for you with its old api . community support - it is very likely that you will need to use adb , perhaps get root , and a plethora of other generally-simple tasks that could be made difficult by the way the phone is engineered . usually , there is a community to ask for help when things like this get in the way . not so for this phone . tl , dr : you will probably be able to make a workable solution with the phone you linked . there are some very significant unknowns - hiccups you may run into with your project , and hiccups you may run into with the phone - that might be bad with this phone , or they might be no problem . if it was me , i suggest this little phrase : if you have to ask , " is this phone going to work ? " then you should probably consider a different phone . get a device that you know will work . nexus phones are made for this situation . and big-name phones , while not as much as a nexus , will probably be a better solution than the phone you linked . i realize the price of nexus phones in india is expensive , but i would say it is worth the added cost .
your device must be rooted if you want to control per apps connection ability . you may use avast ' s firewall feature than .
go to settings , accounts and disable sync . it will reduce your data consumption by a lot . you still can check for emails manually though when sync is off . remember this is the only way to get fresh mails then : )
the app " my data manager " will not prevent certain apps and processes from using your wifi , but it is a mighty tool to analyze your traffic . if i was you , i would first of all check what is using how much data at home in normal life and then try to find out how to allow or disallow certain apps the wifi access .
depending on how comfortable it should be , what android version is in use , and whether root is available , there might be multiple approaches : turn wifi off completely , and just activate it for checking mail/initiating a sync , after which you disable it again . this should work on any device , regardless of the android version . disabling background data unfortunately is restricted to mobile data only , but you could " trick " that with higher android versions : i am not sure when this was introduced ( for sure after 4.0 , as i can not find it on my phone ) , but it is possible to define certain wifi networks as " mobile hotspot " ( i.e. . another mobile device is providing it ) , so it would be dealt with like a mobile connection – which means , the " restrict background data " setting should apply when connected to it . then use the " restrict background data " feature to disable all " background traffic " ( i.e. . all transfers you did not explicitly trigger in the foreground app ) . this way your web browser would still work if you load it , mail check should do when manually triggered from within your mail app , etc . root access on the device gives you even more flexibility . you could use any firewall app to keep apps from using any data , etc .
if your intention is to have your script run each time the card is inserted , or the device is booted , i would recommend the already mentioned app tasker , maybe in connection with scripter . the latter can be used to execute ( and manage ? ) scripts , but afair you can do that part with tasker as well . you would need to create 1 task ( execute your script ) , and 2 profiles using this task ( as there is no possibility for a logical or with the conditions ) . one is for the boot_completed event , the other is for the inserted sd-card . that should do it . in case of trouble ( or hard understanding ) , just comment and i see what i can do : )
thanks all . in android 4.2 jelly bean , we should manage default app in same app we do not want it to handle sms . in tango 3 settings , there is an option to avoid sms handling .
why do not you try quickpic . so far it is the best gallery tool i have found .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
it looks like google is afraid of being sued by apple for using " square icon with rounded corners " . there is an issu on http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=125076 . however there is information about fix version set to 25th release . i do not know if chromium and chrome versions have the same numbers , but last time i checked chrome it was on v . 22 . there is also a posted suggestion of introducing chrome specific android-icon .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
android provides different methods for localization . some of them are network based , some cell based , some gps based , some mixed ( well , that was simplified ) . so yes : you could use plain gps without network . might take a little longer to get your initial fix , though . ( assisted gps aka agps can speed this up , but requires a network connection . ) and quite logically yes to your second question as well , as far as gps is concerned . for map data , if it is already downloaded to your device , no data connection is required either . but if you need updates while on the way , or want to be updated about traffic , things are certainly a little different .
yes you can . there are some tools to provide you with this functionality , e.g. helium - app sync and backup . if your device is rooted , this app should work out-of-the-box . otherwise you will need to initialize it once after each device start ( reboot ) , which then requires a pc with adb . as requested in the comments , a few hints on how to get helium started on a non-rooted device . first , this requires you to have at least a basic setup of adb done on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . having met that , it should be as easy as enabling usb-debugging on your android device , connecting it via usb to the pc , and run the helper script downloaded from helum 's web page . the last 3 steps have to be repeated only once after each reboot of the device , and activate a background process helium itself requires but cannot start itself ( the user via adb has higher privileges than an app in user-space , and thus can ) .
did you take a look at settings → accounts and sync ? ( i am not sure about android 4.1+ , but at least on my lg optimus 4x this setting is there ) accounts and sync ( click image for larger variant ) as the screenshot shows , here you can define what to sync . green arrows to the right show what is to be sync'd , gray ones what not . for some apps , you even can tap the app to specify it more detailed .
it seems that there was a network problem or gmail was blocked in my office which was making the server not respond and giving exception -> couldn't open connection to server. . i tried at home with my wifi and it worked finally .
try downloading a file explorer like es file explorer , find the apk and select it . android should prompt to install from there . the selected answer you are referring to says to download astro - which is another file manager . i am not sure about the default android browser though .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
somebody needs to write and test the drivers and core apps . that is all . most applications that are written for dalvik ( i.e. . most apk programs ) are pretty portable across different android versions , but not so much for core programs that were written in c , the linux kernels and drivers , and the dalvik vm itself . at the very least , these programs need to be recompiled ; occasionally , the new android version may require new capabilities from the drivers , and someone will need to write the code for them . additionally , for official releases , manufacturers and carriers often adds value-added customizations ; these customizations need to be ported , tested , and often debugged against the new framework . in deciding whether to write upgrades , manufacturers ( and to certain extent , carriers ) faces a dilemma , they make better profit by selling to you a new device instead of writing upgrades for free , but poor upgrade history will put off customers as well ; so they will often drop support for older phones and only write one or two version upgrades at most . hardware limitation has never been a problem for upgrades . while it is certainly true that certain new features might have a much higher hardware demand than older phones can conveniently handle ( e . g . live wallpapers ) , these features are usually either disabled or left to give sub-optimal experience . other limitation is space limitation . some phones have very small internal memory , and android tends to get larger for every upgrade . to port newer versions for these phones , some sacrifices has to be made ; whole libraries may be left out ( e . g . who needs the nfc on a g1 ? ) . these modifications needs to be written and tested .
your device will run any version of android , even if your carrier or manufacturer will not have a official update available you can check out xda-developers and get an unofficial rom , that are a lot better in my opinion . for an example , the htc g1 that everyone knows that is a bit slow and out-dated , but was the first device to get an unofficial port of android honeycomb for it , even if it was made only for tablets the developers manage to get the screen resolution working and the other stuff that was not compatible . another example i that i have : i had a htc touch pro2 that by stock runs windows mobile 6.1 , i have installed a unofficial rom first ( called simplicity rom ) , so i was running the latest build of windows mobile 6.5 and within sense 2.5 , so i bought my first android phone . and some time after the xdandroid developer team released a android port for my device , and now i use it too , but on android . my first motorola milestone is running a custom android 2.3 gingerbread rom , even that my carrier have not released any official rom for it . it runs very stable and it is a lot better than the 2.1 ( stock default ) and the 2.2 ( custom too ) . so there are no problems if you can flash custom roms .
right now gingerbread and honeycomb use hardware acceleration for graphics . while it could be done without , phones that lack gpus that can do this will not see these version . to be google certified devices must be able to launch core apps within a certain amount of mili-seconds .
try pointing your web browser at 1.2.3.50 you may be able to turn off image compression or use adblock for firefox/chrome to blacklist the bmi . js file ?
you can perhaps run noscript ( firefox plugin ) and put the ip address as the only thing in the block list .
would the same thing happen if you used a vpn ? your isp would not be able to compress images if it did not know what the traffic was , right ? i found setting up a basic vpn to be pretty easy ; if you have a win 7 pc with an internet connection ( or a willing buddy with one ) you can set up a quick vpn using this guide : how to configure your computer to accept incoming vpn connections in windows 7 . with that working , try connecting to your vpn both from your tethered laptop and from the android phone itself . if it works you could investigate a more permanent vpn solution .
in firefox get add on " modify header " then go to extensions then go to modify headers click on options and add cache-control then no-cache .
try clearing cache and data for the following apps under Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All ( tap on each app and then tap Clear data and Clear cache buttons where available ) : email exchange services google account manager this should clear all the accounts ( including the gmail one ) , and should allow you to add the corporate account .
the problem with understanding any physical buttons on an android , is that they are extremely hardware dependent . usually they are connected to some gpio port on either the application processor ( ap ) or cellular processor ( cp/modem ) , and on some devices ( mtk , qualcomm ) these are combined in a soc . in other devices , there is a separate touch screen mcu , that can also be used for some keys . so without knowing your exact hardware and its configuration , it is impossible to answer your question . your best chance for success in understanding , is by downloading the sources for your device/kernel and look in there , in combination with finding a service manual that also show some schematics . edit : here is one block diagram : and here is another :
i do not have my phone here to try . . . but can it be a specific keyboard which is selected ( and where words are automatically inserted ) . f.i. using swype and having word prediction on ?
two things to try : delete everything from the url textbox and enter the url , for example "android.stackexchange.com" remove the www. part and enter the rest of the url behind http:// . both of these methods work on my droid incredible running stock 2.2 ( rooted )
it seems to be specific to the htc droid incredible . when i first tried to search from the stock browser , i would get an error page ( i did not notice the "http://www" ) . so i asked this question which gave some options in the form of browsers which are ready for search queries . ( it turns out you can search from the stock browser once you delete the "http://www" ) you may want to use another browser . in the dolphin hd browser for example , the " www " is not there so typing "android.stackexchange.com" works fine .
on the htc desire hd ( 2.2 , standard browser ) , the behaviour when you tap in the address bar appears to be : if the url currently in the address bar already starts with www. then everything after the www. is auto-selected , meaning that whatever you type will replace it , leaving the www. in place . if the url currently in the address bar does not start with www. then the full url ( everything following http:// ) is selected , meaning that what you type will form the full url . i can not find a way of disabling this , and quite regularly end up trying to go to www.www.google.com .
while it is unfortunate that the pin for encrypting the device is identical to the unlocking pin , encryption does still provide much more protection . there are ways to recover unencrypted data without unlocking the device . the main scenario encryption protects against is from an attacker removing the drive from a stolen phone and recovering data with forensic tools . there are some other scenarios in which encryption will protect your phone . if you have usb debugging enabled on a pre-jb device , an attacker can use adb to access data . on jb+ the computer accessing the device via adb must have been already authorized by the phone . additionally , an attacker could use an exploit to gain access over usb and even get root . unfortunately crypto will not protect you much in these scenarios because most people keep their devices on with the encryption key in memory at all times , so an attacker could still access the device over usb if debugging is enabled or use an exploit . so yes , you should encrypt your device with a strong pin/password if you do not want your data in someone else 's hands . edit : grammar/clarity
the main difference between an encrypted device and an un-encrypted device is that a code must be entered every time the device is booted on . does that simple layer of security add any benefits to your everyday life ? that is a question only you can answer . otherwise there is not much of a digital security benefit . the encryption security feature seems more practical in a theft situation . it would make it almost impossible for the everyday thief to use your private information against you . hope i helped in anyway . ( :
you could always use an app like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.nick.cryptfs.passwdmanager i use it on my phone and it works very well , just make sure you read the instructions and keep them in mind . your phone also has to be rooted for this app to work though . i would say it definitely makes your data safer if your phone ever does get stolen !
encryption only becomes valuable if there is a risk that an attacker could use a software vulnerability to bypass the login screen . there have been some examples of this due to vulnerabilities in various apps ( e . g . viber and skype ) and devices ( samsung ) but presumably those flaws have been fixed by now . new vulnerabilities could however appear . if you have developer option usb debugging turned on , or if the device is rooted , there are many hacks that will bypass the screen lock ( here is one example ; there are many more discussed at xda-developers forum ) . however , on a factory default device ( no root , no developer settings ) of recent manufacturing and android version there are no known hacks that i am aware of that will bypass the lock-screen , except for occasional software vulnerabilities such as those mentioned above . on the other hand , if let 's say for example instead the encryption key was different from the pin code or password then encryption would definitely be worthwhile , because a possible scenario could then be that an attacker could obtain the pin code or password ( e . g . by reading the unlock pattern on the screen or brute force cracking the pin ) , but still would not be able to access the data on the phone since it would be encrypted with a very strong ( and different ) encryption key . note that if you have a rooted device there is a way to apply an encryption key that is different from the pin code or password . please see neopran 's answer .
at izzy 's suggestion , i installed a file manager ( oi ) , and was able to see the files that my android itself did not recognize . i used oi to cut-paste them to a new dummy directory and then back to where they belonged , android recognized them and i can use with the relevant apps ( kindle , kingsoft office ) .
for those of us who are frustrated in trying to alter the file system to mtp and cannot find how to change it . do not despair . if you have opened samsung kies and connected phone with a usb cable and got the error message , go to your phone and swipe top to bottom on the notifications list you will see the usb symbol on the left hand side and the line stating - connected as camera . if it says - connected media device - then your connected properly . to change from connected as camera , tap/select the line - connected as camera and you will be shown another screen with the camera option selected - just select media device mtp and you will be able to connect to samsung kies , and all will be calm and peaceful , no more screaming at the pc or mobile phone .
when i went to service center with this problem , they gave the reason that this is because of a full battery drainage . and they were correct . after recharging the battery it worked . it was unexpected . also after a few days it again showed this message but after restarting the phone it worked again . i suspect the problem has to be something related to battery or charging . its now a month i am not getting this error . i am glad that i was not able to try the above methods .
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
easiest fix is to ask your carrier for a new sim , but it would be worth reporting it to them as a problem so they can investigate it . it might be a problem at your carrier 's end and they just do not know about it yet .
i do not know how to change voice over cellular phone calls , but there is a voip calling app which allows you to change voice : voice changer calling .
there used to be an app called spoofapp that let you spoof your caller id and change your voice . it was a free app but you had to buy credits to use it . i tried it and it did work . the voice changer worked too although it sometimes sounded a little cartoonish . the app is now called phone gangster and i am not sure if it still works the same .
if you scroll down the menu bar you can switch from sound to vibrate to silent to sound . this is easy enough for me , is not it ? andreas
it is not possible using the power button long press for the device options menu in 4.0.4 on sg2 . it always reverts back to " vibrate " when changing silent mode , albeit it is possible to press the volume down until it goes into vibrate , and then press volume down again . this takes a bit of time , though , and does not work unless you are past the screen lock . imo , in a perfect world , this should only take one action . conclusion wait for a version update above 4.0.4 and hope they fix this bs . ( also , i friggin ' hate people who think their phone is silent during meetings or seminars , and their phone just keeps buzzing and buzzing and buzzing . it is #*@ ! ing android trolling ! ) hack the only hack i have found to make it work with the power button long press is going to setting > sound > vibration intensity and setting ringtone vibration to zero . however , i am pretty sure that turns off vibration globally , and you will still see that annoying icon for " silence with vibration " when you use silent mode trough the power button . : ( fastest way to mute wipe off the screen lock . flip down the curtain of the notificaions menu , then double tap the sound icon . that will bring you from sound to vibrate , and finally to mute . or get a widget for muting .
i own a xperia phone with ics 4.0.4 , and have no problems going into silent mode ( mute ) . quick ways to go into silent mode ( muting the phone ) : holding the volume down until vibrate mode , then releasing the volume down and pressing it again once more until silent mode ( mute ) holding the power/lock button until a screen appears , then selecting silent mode ( mute ) other ways of muting the phone : going into the Settings &gt; Sound and selecting Silent Mode &gt; Mute going into the Settings &gt; Volumes and completely sliding down the volume bar for calls via Ringtone &amp; notifications
&lt;cynical&gt;  to me , it sounds like one of the many voodoo tweaks for every os . you will find that a loud few % of users will proclaim it is effectiveness . the silent majority will not if there was an effective way to improve sd card speed then i am sure the clever engineers at htc or wherever would have implemented it . some of the " improvements " posted appear bogus : you can get 66mb/s read from an sd card ? no : you can read from the cache at that speed . non-cached access will be normal sd speed of course for example , post 588 &lt;/cynical&gt;  also from xda ( actual title , btw ) : increasing readahead in a not completely retarded manner
here 's the original xda thread . basically , it shows a fairly significant improvement for some devices . 2048 kb might not be the best setting for your particular device , so you might want to experiment . i am running it on my device and noticed a minor improvement ; it certainly was not harmful . i am not 100% sure but i would think it would not increase wear .
simple answer : no . ics requires an armv7 processor . arm11 processors are armv6 , as such your tablet does not support ics . however , a rom maker may have ported it to your professor and hardware - i suggest you check forums such ad xda developers .
what tablet ? some can be updated by going settings> about> software update and follow the prompts ! or if you can not update that way you have to force up via a program on a computer , i recommend uberoid .
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
power key end call will let you end a call by pressing the power key . this should solve your problem ; you can press the power key on any screen and end the current call .
basically what you need to do is to install a custom rom on your phone . tweak the rom so that your app is included as a system app . if the user does a factory reset , the systems apps go back to their default state . you will want to test it out , though . i do not know if a factory reset wipes all the data for system apps ( clean slate ) or if it resets it to how the app was when the rom was installed . on top of that , though , a user who steals your phone may install a rom of their own . in that case , you are out of luck . as far as i know , there does not exist a custom recovery that can be password protected ( to keep people from installing another rom ) .
google just added this to the play store a few days ago . open the play store and tap the menu in the top left and then tap people . here you will see an overview and some recommended apps and people . if you scroll to the bottom , you will see a few g+ contacts . tap " see more " to view a list of all the people in your g+ circles . then tap on the person you want and all their reviews and +1s will be there .
even i get same error when i have slower internet speeds . probably slow internet is the mere problem .
using a cache cleaner , i freed up some cache , netting me a little over 130 mb free space in the app storage . i then updated , and it worked . freeing the cache again after the update , i only had 100 mb left . i also saw that the cache for the play store was about 28 mb , so apparently that is the size of the download for the chrome update . using a disk analyzer , i found out that chrome ( after the update ) uses over 100 mb for the apk ( 103.5 mb ) . what i think happened , is that it downloaded about 28 mb , then unpacked that to 103 mb , then replaced the existing apk with that . so i needed 28 mb + 103 mb = 131 mb to do the update . to be honest , i think that is quite a lot . i am not sure if i will be able to do the next one . also , as noted in my other question , chrome uses quite a lot of data as well . it was at 25 mb when i asked that question , it is now a whopping 28 mb . i have no idea what is in there and no clue how to clean that other than deleting it all , which probably is not a good idea .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
i did it like this : go to settings&rarr ; application manager&rarr ; all . there to " internet browser " , click on that and delete that " is default " . when next time started the desktop link asked me for default browser .
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
while j0chn 's description works ( and also does work for other " default apps" ) , it might not be the most user-friendly approach . as android itself does not offer anything else , you might want to pick a helper . default app manager is such a helper : default app manager ( source : google play ) ; click images to enlarge as the screenshots show , this app lists up default apps defined and lets you clear those defaults -- but it also lets you define them .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
install call master . create a list of important people and set actions normal . create a list for everyone and set actions to mute . create a profile and put 1st list on top and 2nd list at bottom ( the sequence matters ) . at the time of your requirement of question , just activate the profile of step 3 . the app requires root access to block calls silently , but i am not sure that root access is required to mute or not . i have not tested it on a non-rooted device . if your device is not rooted , first test it with the trial of the app available in play store .
the short of it in tasker is to create a new profile as follows : new profile : context : time from : 22:00 to : 6:30 context : state> phone call type : incoming number : c:fav ( this is any starred contact , you can also list specific contacts if you like ) task new action : audio setting > ringer volume level : 7 exit task new action : audio setting> silent mode mode : on i will try to update later with screenshots and more in depth walkthrough .
i recommend sanity which is free and open source . it has many calling-related features , such as call filtering by caller name , that you can set it to get silent when some people call you . these two features , copied from description of the app , would really help you : . . . block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller ! urgent calls : choose what phone numbers your phone will ring or vibrate also when it is in silent mode . . . .
call filter alarm appears to do that . do you use your smartphone as alarm ? do you want to choose the people who can contact you while sleeping ? if you simply leave you smartphone turned on , you risk that anybody can wake you up , or . . . you use call filter alarm ! using this innovative app , you can define all the alarms you need with the possibility to specify , for every single alarm , who can call you , shutting up all other calls / sms notifications and intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode . how it works : define the alarm choose who can call you ( if needed ) before going to sleep , enable sleep mode your phone will ring only for who you decided . other calls / sms will happen in silent mode and you will be able to see them as lost when you will wake up . in addition to the particular call and sms filters feature , using call filter alarm you can : intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode , silent mode with a single button : the sleep mode personalize sleep mode as you want set tone , volume and vibration for allowed call and allowed sms set volume , volume increment , snooze , tone ( music or ringtone ) , vibration for every single alarm in addition to application level daily alarm repetition incremental alarm volume multilanguage ( english and italian now available )
relatively new app : criticall pro ( trial version ) criticall allows you to easily set “critical” contacts so your phone will ring when those contacts call or text , even when your phone is on silent . features phone rings when critical contacts call you – even when phone is set to silent ! works for texts set as many “critical” contacts as you want scheduler - set custom times for contacts groups unlimited number of groups ( friends , family , work , clients , etc ) unlimited number of contacts within each group change settings once to change the settings for all contacts in the group customizable ringtones and notifications adjustable auto-resume feature will reactivate criticall automatically
your carrier should be able to provide the time and date even without a data connection . most cell phone towers have a gps receiver which uses the gps data to sync it is clock , and forward this to the devices when they register to the network . nowadays some towers might have a ntp sync instead of the gps but the same principle still remains . it seems to me that there is an error in saving the correct time and date on your device , which prevents the time from being synced from the carrier to your device . i would suggest a factory reset ( and/or reflash of you are on a custom rom ) .
you need to unlock your bootloader . you will need to go to the htc dev website and select your device in the menu on the right , and then follow the instructions it gives you . ( note that this might void your warranty )
factory reset only resets all user data , not the os itself . if your update failed for some reason , you had have to reflash the phone . you can find info on this in the xda-developers forum . note that since your phone is rooted , your warranty may be void . take this into consideration before you take your phone to the service center .
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
on the other note , i also thought that c2dm might have been used to do this , but since my personal device uses 2.1 and c2dm is available to devices having 2.2+ , the possibility of use of c2dm is quite less . it is actually quite plausible for 2.1 market to use c2dm . gtalk , gmail , and many other google apps have always used c2dm internally ( even before it is named c2dm ) . in 2.1 , c2dm exist as gtalk service . in 2.2 , google opened the c2dm api for external developers since they realized that 1 ) most app developers does not have the resources to create a reliable push notification service , 2 ) a unified push service would save battery , 3 ) reliable instant push service is a good selling point for android .
i would think that the market has its " own " push notifications implemented . when i installed a couple apps from the page , they installed almost immediately . this is not the phone asking if there are installs pending , this is the market site pushing the info directly to the device . if you disable sync , it will stop push notifications too .
have you considered going back to stock rom ? you can flash it with odin and all your data will remain intact .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
make sure your default text-to-speech engine is picotts ( from settings ) . install and start a sound recording app ( there are many in play store ) . send it to background and use speaking pad .
like al said , it is most likely a hardware problem , but to address the title question : you can roll the notification area up with the back button .
just enter these codes in dial pad . the moment you type the last # key it will automatically open a window with information . ( no need of hitting dial button ) these codes have been confirmed working on galaxy s4 models . *#06# imei number *#0*# test screen *#0283# audio loopback *#2663# firmware and update versions *#12580*369# software and hardware info *#0228# battery status *#2263# rf band selection *#9090# service mode *#7284# uart modem pda *#8736364# update settings *#7353# quick test menu note : none of these codes work on android 4.3 !
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , simply because secret codes are not only device specific but mostly app specific . secret codes are generally defined by the applications installed on the device . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
most apps should give you control of their own notifications via their internal settings . for your specific example , app update notifications are coming from the play store app , and can be toggled on or off from within the app itself via menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notifications. other built-in apps like gmail or talk , or 3rd-party apps like yahoo ! mail or facebook for example , have similar controls that allow you to adjust notifications with varying degree of control ( e . g . frequency , etc . ) in android 4.1 and above , google introduced a way to completely disable notifications for certain apps that either do not have such settings at all , or do not offer enough control for your liking ( or include aggressive advertisements via push-notifications like airpush ) . long-pressing a notification and tapping the new App Info option will bring up properties of the app that spawned it , and from there you can completely turn them off . this feature appears in most custom roms as well that are based on the jelly bean ( android os version 4.1 . x/4.2 . x ) code base ( cyanogenmod 10 in your case . )
i use appmonger by rectangular software and i love it . there is a widget that can report sales right on the home screen . the app costs like $4.00 but it is well worth it . the developer updates the app on a regular basis and is good about giving support via email if needed . also if bugs are reported , there is a pretty good turn around for the fix . there are different time spans that you can select to get reports for . you can get reports for all apps or specific apps . some information that is supplied is : daily revenue/units sold revenue/units sold by product revenue/units sold by country revenue/units sold by day of the week revenue/units sold by hour of the day order statuses orders list
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
i think your question could be worded better as it seems to ask a couple of questions . google books are filed as cryptic alphanumeric ids , and they seem to be html type files it makes it more difficult than with most other book types . finding books on your device is very easy , use an explorer like file expert or astro ( both are free , however astro 's search function is better ) which contain a search option . you will probably have to use multiple searches depending on how many different types of ebooks you have on your sd card - i know i have epubs , mobi , prcs , pdf , txt and doc files . if you are looking specifically for just your google books then as long as you have set to store them on the sd card they will be under the following path - storage card/android/data/com . google . android . apps . books searching contents of books within google books - you can not from the library or app itself , unless you are already in the book - in which case press menu and then use search . however due to the nature of google books you could probably do this much quicker via the website . with other book and file types you could try astro 's search within text - might just pull up what you are looking for as i have had this work on some txt and doc files .
previously i have used sizable send to transfer very large videos from my phone to my boss 's . you can send them the download link via email or text . alternatively , if the video is not very large you could use dropbox in the same way depending on the file size it might take a while to transfer .
email , or if not cloud storage or instagram direct messaging . if you are close you could also do bluetooth .
i do not think you should need to use losetup , however , if you are using android 4.2 , the path to your sdcard may be the issue . in android 4.2 , that has been changed due to support for multiusers on tablets . you would likely need the full path rather than the " shortcut " that has been set up for simplicity by android . that path would be /storage/emulated/0/nandroid/...data.img . but , i believe android will support mounting it directly with the mount command ( it is what i have used a few times in linux , although , i have never tried in android ) . mount -o loop /storage/emulated/0/nandroid/...data.img /mnt/wherever keep in mind , you will need to be root and the directory you want to mount it to needs to exist before you run the command . and when you do mount it , if you mount it over a directory that has content in it , it will prevent access to that content ( it is not gone , but unaccessible until it is unmounted ) .
if you do not insist to mount them directly into the local file system , but just to access their contents , you might want to take a look at nandroid browser : nandroid browser has a really simple purpose : extract and use single files from your nandroid backups . browse your nandroid backups save files anywhere send files open files currently supports nandroid backups stored as yaffs2 images ( . img ) as wells as ext4 images ( . ext4 . tar ) . a second candidate turned up after i found the first : nandroid manager : view basic info about your nandroid backups . explore contents of nandroid backup . extract files from nandroid backups . ( more features listed ) . needless to say that those apps of course need root . but if you have a nandroid backup , you surely will have root as well , right ? : )
to make tasker work with nfc , you can use a nfc plugin : locale nfc plugin does work with tasker ( according to the app description , and as generally locale plugins do work with tasker ) , and should enable you to do what you have described .
you can create the task in nfc launcher , install autoshortcut ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.joaomgcd.autoshortcuthl=en-gb ) and then you can call the nfc launcher task within tasker via the plugins> autoshortcut> configuration> run task . i just got my unrooted note 2 setup to disable powersaving when on usb power and enable it again when i unplug it :- )
try bluestacks and tell us how it goes .
try youwave or bluestacks , both works just fine and smooth too .
i tried localsync , and it worked fine . pros : - it does not simply " migrate " winmo to android : it actually establishes a sync relationship with your windows pc/outlook - does not share contacts with google or other clouds ( privacy safe ) cons : - you must have outlook installed on windows
i just transfered my contacts from my htc touch pro 2 to my samsung galaxy siix . you need to install the blutooth file tranfer program for android , then pair your two phone , and then send your contacts to your android phone using the winmo blutooth explorer program .
you can use myfunambol . setup a funambol account at http://my.funambol.com download the funambol cab install file to your windows mobile device ( that is actually running windows mobile . you can get the cab file by going to the email tab in your funambol portal and selecting download ) install funambol ( onto window 's mobile ) sync your contacts with the funambol server by launching funambol and entering your funambol portal account information download the funambol android application ( from funambol forge ) put the . apk file on your sd card in the /storage card/androidapps folder . if this folder does not exist , create it . boot into android by running android from your program menu or by manually running haret . exe once in android , bring up the application menu . open the funambol application . press the menu key and tap on settings . enter your funambol portal information . click sync contacts and let it sync your contacts . source : http://www.myhtcphone.com/import-contacts
it is pretty easy , because your android phone will sync to google contacts . sync your windows mobile phone to your computer ( outlook , outlook express , whatever you normally sync to ) export your contacts from there to a csv . ( go to file menu on the top left in the out look , click on import and export , click on export file to , click next , click on comma separated values ( windows ) , click on next , click on contacts , click on browse select drive and folder where you want to save file , click on next . ) you are done use google contacts to import the csv ( import is in the upper right from http://google.com/contacts ) wait a couple minutes . all of your contacts will show up on your android phone soon !
an even simpler method ( at least for me ) would be to first sync your contacts in winmo to google sync ( active sync settings are : server : m.google.com, use ssl , username and password are the same as other google services (username@gmail.com-format) and contacts must be selected in the data selection ) and then on your android phone you should have automatic contact sync enabled by default . did this with my htc touch hd and motorola milestone/droid , took a couple of minutes , and everything on the android side went completely automagically .
you could also try vcardio which uses the funambol code and runs on an android phone off the sd card . export from outlook and copy the file to the sd card .
i do not work for sprite software i did a search for the following phrase on google : " moving windows mobile contacts to android " one of the hits was sprite software who makes the following application : spritemigrate , it is free and purports to backup your stuff to a backup file and then you use a second program on your pc to convert that backup file to android-ready format . sprite migrate apparently saves the following information ( from their website ) : what do we migrate ? contacts call logs sms bookmarks much more coming soon . . . i have performed step 1 already and am in the process of performing step 2 , once i pick up my phone tomorrow ( evo ) , i will try step 3 and report back on how successful i was .
you can use windows phone qontact ( i am the developer of this app ) : http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/qontact/e3404be4-324f-46e3-b47d-5561c676cad6 it can export in many format like vcard readable by ios or android app . just send the contacts by email and open the attachment ( gmail or hotmail account ) . the free versione can export about 200 contacts ( including photo , the solutions that use cvs exports does not ! ) . . in case you have more contacts you can use the pro version : http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/qontact-pro/047163c0-04cb-4d28-aec3-01115c3769b3
i have both the iconia a500 and the transformer tf101 . both output just fine to tvs with hdmi . there is a little bit cropped off the image in both cases and the home - back - recent buttons do not show on the tvs , nor does the notification panel , all suggesting that it is not really an external monitor type feature , only to play back movies etc on the big screens .
make sure it is a file named . nomedia , and not a directory .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
do you mean like this ? it is the black bolts keyboard . you can get it from the google play store .
it is not the t9 style that you are looking for , but i use the messagease keyboard . here 's a sample : as you can see , it certainly has large buttons . it is also far more capable than any other keyboard i have run across . from the keyboard shown , you can enter lowercase letters , uppercase letters , numbers , symbols , cursor movement commands , and more . some are entered with a single tap , but most are entered with a simple gesture , such as a swipe or circle . it also features word completion , which you can see in the screenshot , but i rarely use it , since i find my typing speed is fast enough not to bother with it unless i am typing a really long word . the learning curve is steep , but worth the effort , in my opinion . ( in case anyone is wondering , i have no association with the development of messagease , i am just a satisfied user . )
try multiling keyboard . it is free , it supports multiple languages , it have two numeric layout for you to choose from .
well . . . look for a keyboard that has a t9 layout . as an example , i use smart keyboard pro ( which is a paid app , but a trial is available ) and you can choose from the full , t9 and compact modes for portrait as well as landscape orientation . there are tons of other customizable options and considering that a keyboard that one is comfortable with , is what allows one to at their productive best , i opted to buy the full version . in terms of free keyboards , give black bolts a try .
you can try go sms pro . it lets you select between 2 different layouts .
have you tried using light flow ? it does the what the same thing as the custom rom does and instagram is on their list of support apps for their pro version .
i noticed that the problem is with the word completion feature . just set it to hide all suggestions and it will stop annoying you . the option to hide is available in the android keyboard configuration .
i downloaded a different keyboard then disabled the aosp keyboard in settings> apps> all apps> android keyboard aosp> disable . if your really screwed like i was you will have to scrole through the top apps in the market until you find a keyboard to download since you can not search anything .
solution : install proper version of " google aplication " . cm 10.1.3 needs gapps 20130812 . read : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/gapps for more info .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
adding on @steve 's answer : you can also disable only the autoplay action for your htc . you can access the autoplay menu directly from the start menu by writing Autoplay in the search box . in the autoplay menu , you will see ( probably near the bottom ) a line corresponding to your htc , where you can choose no action
try to connect the phone as mtp device > under the usb connection settings . should help !
what application do you use to enable quiet mode ? is it standalone application or a system app ? if it is a standalone application then you could try turning off notifications for that app however note that this will disable all notifications coming from the app , not just the silent one .
disabling google hotword detection fixes this issue in 4.4.4 .
i guess you use gel ? if so , it is because of it listening to " ok google " . turn off " hotword detection " in gel voice settings and you will be fine .
are your headphones defective or have a weak spot ? you can try a couple of things , such as testing this on another android device . it could potentially be the rom and its ability to detect headphones properly while doing different things ( multi-tasking in a sort of sense ) . what you can do is go into settings and turned motion off . sometimes it can sense movement and such and it'll pause accordingly . i will look into this more but into l your next response , this is what i have to say . update it is probably an android 4.2.2 issue . you can downgrade , wait for an upgrade or perhaps install the 4.3 kitkat rom . other options are trying newer/older versions of the google play music software .
simple solution . press phone and select keypad . dial *#9900# . a new menu appears . press the second one down " delete dumpstate/logcat " then just press home to exit . . done , you will have bags of extra device memory with no ill effects . should free up to a gig of device memory , it did on mine .
what filled my internal memory were ' tombstones ' , files located in /data/tombstones , and in total used about 800 mb . after some digging up , i found that these are crash dumps from applications , and are only useful for debugging , so they can be safely removed .
vruemk2 - is not bootloader unlocked . so no cwm and custom roms for this . you only have root via saferoot method . there is not a known bootloader unlock yet for the past 2 or 3 ota releases .
i had this problem some time ago . it went away after i flashed kitkat as i did notwant to wait for ota update . try rebooting or write what you already did to try solve the problem
it is Download mode you boot the device into to use Odin . i have included a bit more info if you wanted anything deeper . see this post " what is download mode " as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example . you can boot into recovery mode also to use your recovery to make backups , wipe data , flash roms directly on the device . xda wiki on android recovery and here is a short extract . recovery is stored in a disk partition separate from the main android partitions ( boot/kernel , root/system ) . it contains its own linux kernel , separate from the kernel of the main android system . because of separate kernel+recovery_apps , the device is able to boot into the recovery mode even if the main system is broken , allowing the user a set of tools to fix the device . the recovery is completely independent of the android system . see here for the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot and an extract : fastboot is a small tool that comes with the android sdk ( software developer kit ) that can be used to re-flash partitions on your device . it is an alternative to the recovery mode for doing installations and updates . because fastboot mode can start on your device even before android loads ( and can even run when android is not installed at all ) , fastboot mode is useful for updating the firmware quickly , without having to use a recovery mode . in fact , it is frequently the preferred way to initially install the recovery image on many devices . fastboot can also be used for developer operations like unlocking the bootloader of google 's nexus devices .
i do not know if it could be your case , but if your phone is connected to your computer with ums ( usb mass storage ) enabled along having a custom ringtone stored on your sd card ( /ringtones folder ) instead of mtp this will give you this kind of problem . the phone will use a default ringtone since it cannot access the sd card files , because the ums mode requires exclusive access to the mass storage .
many android phones come packed with useless software preinstalled by the device’s manufacturer and your cellular carrier , this is called " bloatware " . software vendors usually pay to pre-install lite versions of their products on the new devices to promote their work . on the other hand , it may happen that apps already installed are useful and selected based on usage statistics . there is no bulletproof method to ascertain if the device as been used before , but the physical appearance , the protective plastic on the glass and camera , the packing , etc . . . all should give you a concrete idea about the device usage .
this depends on the manufacturer of the device the provider where you bought your device . the manufacturer pre-installs some applications . also the provider may pre-install some applications . so this does not depend on the android version but on the manufacturer and/or provider .
call recorder by developer named skvalex is one such application . you may need to install alsa mixer as well , depending on your device or kernel .
samsung has changed the " pin layout " on this port so that it is not compatible with standard mhl accessories - even ones made by samsung . if you want this functionality ( hdmi out ) for your sgs3 , you will need to buy the samsung adapter that is made specifically for this phone model , and you will not be able to re-use that adapter with other devices . personally , i think it is better to avoid buying the samsung adapter . for starters , it is getting such that you do not know what you are getting with samsung mobile accessories . they have done this before ( e . g . the pseudo- pdmi connector on their tablets ) and are now labelling products as mhl that are incompatible with the mhl standard and other products . as well as causing confusion and extra expense for their users , this undermines this useful emerging standard , is inconvenient and inefficient , and it is bad for the environment as it blocks the re-use of accessories . but i do not mean to turn this into an anti-samsung post at all - i think the sgs3 is a great phone . they are , of course , just trying to increase their accessory revenues . it is up to consumers now - if this move does not increase their accessory revenue then they probably will not repeat it . answer edited to add this site about the issue : http://www.galaxymhl.com/
no android does not saves your custom words from the dictionary of the keyboard in your google account . normally default keyboard does not automatically sync your personal ( custom ) dictionary . but you can email it or make backup of it in sdcard . setting -> keyboard -> personal dictionary or setting -> keyboard -> keyboard type ( eg htc sence input ) -> personal dictionary
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
if you can find a rom on a forum or website , you can easily flash it using fastboot - as long as it supports fastboot flashing . most rom makers provide both types of rom flashing mode . to flash , you should have a . img file ( most likely called system.img ) . you can flash this by connecting your device in fastboot mode to your pc and using this command : fastboot flash system C:\path\to\system.img this will then flash the image to your phone . once that is done , erase your user data using the fastboot -w command . you should then be able to use your phone with the new rom , and it should boot correctly .
okay ; i finally figured this out ! go to the people app click on a contact to see the contact detail bring up the menu click Mark as default choose default picture , email , phone , etc .
well , it seems from the api that android includes a tts engine , so i would imagine there would be quite a few apps . i have done a quick search , although i do not have a smartphone so i cannot vouch for the suitability , but here is one app that seems simple enough . text to speech toy .
seems to support only 4g . comparison of nexus 7 2012 and 2013 versions .
the current new nexus 7 's only support wifi . they do not support any mobile data yet . but once they are released with mobile data support , you can count on them supporting older networks , like 3g ( hspa/hspa+ ) as well as supporting 4g ( lte ) . lte coverage is not wide enough for them to only support 4g .
yes , it does support 2g ( gsm/edge ) and 3g ( umts/hspa+ ) . source : https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/3248332 nexus 7 ( 2013 ) tech specs ( lte ) north america and japan : gsm : 850/900/1800/1900 mhz hspa+: 850/900/1900/2100/aws ( 1700/2100 ) mhz ( bands : 1/2/4/5/8 ) lte : 700/850/1700/1800/1900/2100 mhz ( bands : 1/2/3/4/5/13/17 ) rest of world : gsm : 850/900/1800/1900 mhz hspa+: 850/900/1900/2100/aws ( 1700/2100 ) mhz ( bands : 1/2/4/5/8 ) lte : 800/850/1700/1800/1900/2100/2600 mhz ( bands : 1/2/3/4/5/7/20 ) note that it appears that there are two nexus 7 2013 lte models , which differ in lte bands , but umts and gsm bands appear the same .
this question depends on the firmware you have got installed . if you have got cyanogenmod installed , then you should also have clockworkmod ( cwm ) installed , which is a utility for flashing your phone , among other things . first you will need to download the ril to your phone as a zip file . they should come packaged this way . save it to an sdcard , preferably in the root directory for easy access . this page lists the different ways to access cwm depending on your phone model . for the sgs2 , turn the device off , then hold vol+ , home and power buttons until the screen flashes , then release them and wait for cwm to display . from there , use the volume buttons to scroll and the power button to select , as touchscreen is disabled . select " install zip from sdcard " , then navigate to the zip file and select it . ( protip : scroll up to skip the huge list of folders ) wait for the installation to finish , then select " reboot system now " and you are done . enjoy your new ril .
i just encountered this same problem on a new galaxy siii with verizon . i am using stock android 4.1.2 and found the answer to be simple . just open the contacts app , then click the phone 's menu button , then choose the " contacts to display " menu , the select the gear icon to the right of " customized list " , then choose the respective contacts account , then uncheck ( or check ) the email contact groups that you wish to hide , press " done " in the upper right when finished . that should have activate the " customized list " , but you can return to that menu to confirm . that is it ! simple and no need to install custom rom .
go to contacts and open context menu . you can hide contacts without phone number in settings or you can select which account to show .
same issue here , that particular option was in cym7.5 on my dell streak . was a nice addition imo . only thing i can suggest , unless there is some sort of third party app for it , is to install a custom rom such as cym or any other aosp rom , i doubt any of the customized samsung rom 's will give you this . you will lose all the official samsung junk with an aosp rom , but at least it'll be stock ics rather than the crappy samsung replacement apps . ( i like some of the samsung mods such as palm swipe to screen grab , but the sms app and contacts app suck )
typically the apps themselves will need to provide a setting wherein you can pick a notification sound to use . i am not aware of any global settings that will allow you to set per-app notification sounds . as an example , in gmail you can go into the settings ( use the overflow menu - the 3 vertical dots - and select " settings" ) and select an account from the list . then within the account 's settings tap on the notification setting right under the " email notifications " checkbox . this will allow you to pick a different ringtone for emails on that account . you can then repeat this process for any other apps you have installed .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
i am using ezpdf reader , and it has the features you need . but i do not know what you mean by open source . maybe free ? if yes , ezpdf reader has a paid and a somewhat reduced ( but not free ) lite version .
adobe reader x for android v10.3 now supports annotation , highlights and commenting . it is not open source , but it is free to the end user . there are currently no open source android pdf utilities that have worthwhile annotation features . this wiki page at the university of massachusetts boston lists several open source android pdf viewers , with links : http://howto.wikispaces.umb.edu/pdf+annotation+with+android ( i can not post a reply containing more than two links , my apologies . )
see if google search is somehow disabled in the list of apps . alternatively , ensure that the latest version of google search has been installed in your device . i am assuming of course , that google now is a supported feature in your country .
a factory reset does not wipe the rom files , only the user data , so you can not have " uninstalled the rom " that way . having a locked bootloader does not stop you flashing a rom : it just limits you to official roms signed by the manufacturer ( or possibly by the carrier ) . so even if you can not or do not want to unlock the bootloader , you can still flash the stock rom in the usual way from the recovery , if you can obtain a backup of it .
in the dialer in stock ics and jellybean it only uses the following : pause : ' , ' - pauses then sends the remaining digits wait : ' ; ' - waits for you to confirm sending of the remaining digits .
this is not a standard feature of the launcher . this has most likely been added by samsung to their touchwiz build of the galaxy note - as such , it would not be possible to get this on your galaxy tab .
yes . there is also several other partitions in the internal storage , which is what the other 1gb is taken up by . /boot - contains the bootloader , ramdisk image , and the linux kernel image . /system - contains all the os stuff ( both linux and android ) as well as built in system apps ( e . g . the launcher and the dialer ) . /recovery - contains the recovery os , which is used for updating as also recovering from situations that prevent booting into android proper . /data - this is what you see as " internal storage " . this is where all your user installed apps ( both from the play store and any other sources ) go , as well as where they save their data . /cache - exactly what it sounds like . various bits of frequently needed stuff stored in a quick to access manner . /misc - stores various miscellaneous system settings . 1.5 " phone storage " is basically like a built-in sd card as far as the os is concerned . it is general user storage . what exactly are you trying to install ? the internal storage ( /data above ) is where an app generally goes , but particularly big apps ( e . g . games like the asphalt series ) will store the large resources in a user partition by default ( rather than optionally via the " move to sd " option ) .
to 1 . : yes , you are correct . remaining space probably goes to the /system partition ( the android system itself requires some space , you might have guessed ) . everything else is just a guess and hard to say without a closer look ; but it might have a separate " mount " for cache , temp , and some other system relevant stuff . not having any device with 4 . x yet , i unfortunately cannot answer to 2 . for sure -- so i leave that to somebody else . my device has 6gb inside , so i never installed any app to sd ( what good would that be for , in my case ? ) .
currently i can only find customization options through mods or other updates to the rom . for example : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1999125 it would really be great if stock android 4.2 would provide functionality to add tiles , re-order tiles or change the function of long/short taps on tiles . this issue has some of those feature enhancement requests : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40285
if there is still anyone interested in getting the answer , the best i know is by using notification toggle by j4velin . it can be customized to display toggles ( wi-fi , bluetooth , etc ) or to launch apps .
this can be done in android 4.1.2 especially in samsung galaxy note 2 . Settings-&gt; Display-&gt; Notification Panel . then drag and adjust required combinations .
i had suspected that formatting additional partitions like /firmware and /persist might be somehow related my boot loop - but i have no educated confirmation of this ! any cm aftermarket firmware that i tried would get stuck at the boot though . the following solved my problem : install the ( latest ) google stock android - this is just as easy as installing cyanogenmod install clockworkmod recovery install cyanogenmod rom
yes , that seems to be a typo : the conditions should be If %WIFI ~ on and If %WIFI !~ on ( or If %WIFI ~ off ) . the %wifi variable can only be on or off , not toggle . but the wifi action can be used to enable , disable or toggle wifi , i.e. if wifi is enabled , it will be disabled , and if wifi is disabled , it will be enabled . the example ( minus the typo ) talks about creating a " toggle wifi " widget : if wifi is on and you click the icon , wifi will be disabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is off " icon . and if wifi is off and you click the icon , wifi will be enabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is on " icon .
note that google play terms of service prohibits sharing of accounts by multiple person ( it allows sharing between multiple devices owned by the same person ) . with that said , the play store does support multiple accounts , however multiple accounts means that you will also share gmail , calendar , etc , which means you probably will have to create a third account specifically created for sharing .
that will not help , at least in most cases not . purchased apps are bound to the account they are purchased with , and an online license check is applied on them . so as soon as you " switch back " , and the app checks it is license , it will de-activate itself ( or at least refuse to work ) . it might work however as long as the account is still present on the device , though it is not the primary . so you could both have each other 's account configured on your devices in addition to your own . but then you also need to take care what you synchronize etc . i am not sure if that would be worth it , considered that most apps are free , and the payed ones usually come for cheap . edit : as posted at the same time , i just saw lie 's answer . to avoid syncing each other 's data , if you really want to go for it , the " third account " might in fact be the best option .
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
shut down your device overnight . or just plug it in before sleep . or buy a new one . after some time the battery want resist so much . oh . . of course . . . or buy a new battery .
if you are running a custom rom , check with its makers if there are any known causes for battery drain . otherwise , ( since there are no known issues with stock android 2.3.7 , the battery drain is caused by some app . turn off bluetooth and auto sync ( leave wifi on ) , install watchdog and charge the battery fully , then let your phone idle for a couple of hours . in that time , any apps that misbehave will be listed under the alerts tab of watchdog . check that and report here , maybe we can help . if it does not list any app , try eliminating each of the common culprits for battery drain - social media ( older versions of facebook ) and sync apps that constantly use connectivity options , free versions of apps that regularly pull in ads for display , location apps including google 's own reporting service . uninstall or turn off whichever you can . if ads are an issue , and you are rooted , you can use adblock . also , check for your battery health - if you have been a heavy user for over 2 years , it is likely that the battery has lost much of its original capacity , in which case a battery replacement would be necessary ( i know because i have the same problem , and ordered a new battery yesterday ) . you can find oem batteries for $30-40 - avoid cheap duplicates , you never know what they could do to your phone .
there are several things which can be done . most obvious is to switch it off completely ( grin ) , but that only as a side note . also , switching it to airplane mode falls close -- though , when used with a " timer " ( via automation apps such as tasker or llama ) , it can be quite a useful thing to not only save some juice over night , but also care for some silence . another obvious option is to connect it to some power source , which clearly prevents it from running out of juice . but these are just general rules . in your special case , the problem is some app draining your battery over night . true , above mentioned solutions would take care that there is enough juice left -- but still that is a misbehaving app . so first thing i would do is , after it drained a little ( but still enough juice is left , say 30% or more to be sure ) , go and check your battery stats . you will find them in your system settings , on most devices it is in settings &rarr ; about phone &rarr ; battery use . this should list the most heavy consumers , and your candidate should be on the very top . other useful sources on this topic ( and here at android enthusiasts ) include : how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? ( especially when you cannot find the " evil app " in the consumers list ) how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
dan is correct , but what also needs to be known is whether it is 3g/wifi ( tilapia 2012 , deb 2013 ) or just wifi ( grouper 2012 , flo 2013 ) . the 2 models can not use the roms for the other , meaning you can not use the 2012 3g rom on the 2012 wifi model and etc . the above in parenthesis are the names for different models and years so there is actually 4 different models each with their own roms . the xda forums have the largest amount of roms for the nexus 7 's . there are many to choose from .
there is not an asus one and a google one : both the nexus 7 models are asus-google collaborations . all nexus devices are design collaborations between google and another device manufacturer ( asus , samsung , or lg ) . that said , the two models are completely different , with different socs , screens , and cameras . the original nexus 7 ( aka nakasi ) has a slightly-over-720p screen , powered by a tegra 3 , and only one camera . the 2013 model ( aka razor ) has a 1920x1200 screen , two cameras , and a snapdragon soc . roms are not compatible between the two .
if you are referring to the headphone output rather than the speaker , then you could use an app such as " headset button controller " link to play store trial . i have the paid version on my phone , and i like it a lot . it allows you to set up button controls for various apps , but it also has a nice feature that allows you to set the default volume when you plug in the headset . you can set the minimum and maximum , also , but this would only work with a headset like the iphone 's , with volume control that controls the phone .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
open the calendar app . press menu > settings > scroll down to notification settings . you can then choose your desired ringtone and whether an alert should pop up or merely a notification bar update shows along with vibrate options . as a calendar alternative , check out jorte . the galaxy s2 's alarm interface has options for recurring alarms as well as preset snooze modes . update : nudnik and calendar event reminder are calendar nag apps that seem to offer the functionality you are looking for .
now that astrid has stopped , trying out tictac . working quite well and seems reliable
im trying now calendaralarmhelper that is way cheaper than tree suggestion . free version expires after 7 days but has full functionalities .
calendar -> settings -> notification settings -> select ringtone . also set " alerts and notifications " in the same menu to alerts .
you could try astrid , i find it very useful as a task manager
try the latest museek player . it has support for gapless playback . you need to enable it from within the advanced settings in the app . there is also poweramp and winamp which seemingly offer decent gapless playback quality .
the amazon mp3 player adds gaps . luckily you can play songs downloaded to the device with any music player , and google music does gapless playback out of the box .
i had the same problem and just figured out how to fix it . go to the screen on which you want to display your family contacts group . press the screen until the ' drag to rearrange , edit , or remove ' message appears at the top of the screen . drag the screen to the ' edit ' icon at the top left of the screen . you will get options to ' select a group for widget ' or ' edit group . ' if you choose ' select a group for widget , ' it will pull up your list of contact groups . choose the one you wish to display .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
you can remove the " no sim " notification from the galaxy s3 s4 and note 3 by adding an entry to your build . prop . you need root to do this . i recommend using jrummy 's build prop editor . once you have installed it , launch the app and click the bottom right icon ( a + sign ) . in the first box you can enter a description like so ( this is optional ) : # Remove "No SIM" from notification bar  in the second box , enter : ro.config.donot_nosim= true  then save and reboot . if the " no sim " popup still shows , or you get the " no sim " notification icon , then look for an entry that reads : ro.config.tima=1  and change that to : ro.config.donot_nosim= true  if that still does not work , try removing ro.config.tima=1 or set it to 0 instead of 1 . you can also add sys.hiddenmenu.enable=1 to enable the hidden menu if it is not already in your build . prop .
turn on airplane mode . it will turn off wifi unless you need wifi then i do not know what else to do .
i treat chargers with the same specs as interchangeable . . . many usb chargers are rated as 5v 500ma ( or . 5a ) ; in most cases , you should be able to interchange them ( it may take excellent eyesight to actually read the specs ; on my motoroloa chargers , they are very faintly engraved ) . some apple chargers produce more current than the standard 500ma , so i would not use them to charge products other than the intended . since most computer usb ports are rated for 500ma , chargers with the same rating should charge any usb-chargeable device without problems .
production phones do not ship with root access , developer phones do . if you have a production phone ( likely : you had know if you bought a dev phone ) , you have to " root " them first . as @joe_casadonte points out , there are some great instructions here and elsewhere ( notably the cyanogenmod wiki and android rom 's google group ) to get you started rooting your phone . ( and if you get stuck . . . come back here with your questions ! ) . once you have rooted your phone , you can gain root privileges in the adb shell or the terminal emulator with the su command . note : it sounds from some of your responses like you have not yet rooted your phone . so you will need to start there .
see the following questions : what does " to root a phone " mean ? how do i root my phone ? i have rooted my phone . now what ?
type su and your terminal prompt should change from $ to # . this is assuming that your device is already rooted .
google play services can be disabled ( turned off ) , and it is possible you did so . to find out if this is the case , and to re-enable , use settings> application manager , and find the list of apps either ' all ' , or sometimes it is split into ' disabled ' ( turned off ) . the ' all ' or ' disabled ' lists are to the far right panel of this tabbed interface - scroll far right . if not in a disabled list , the disabled apps are at the bottom of the ' all ' list . find it alphabetically to re-enable ( turn on ) .
samsung put the " flash lite " plugin on the galaxy s for 2.1 . it supports the basics . this blog shows some devices that use the plugin : http://www.adobe-flashlite.com/ edit : adobe now has a list of devices that can run full flash . http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
i found out that all the apps missing have an . asec file in the . android_secure folder on the sd card , however the . android_secure folder itself is there . on linux i wrote : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r  it copies all folders , and their content , recursively . except for the hidden folders in sdbackup , e.g. : sdbackup/.android_secure sdbackup/.doubleTwist  hidden folders in the hierarchy are copied however . so now i managed by subsequently copying each hidden folder : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.android_secure* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.astro* /media/disk -r etc  and now everything is fine .
my solution , using windows , was to format the new card with the same file system ( fat32 ) and allocation unit size ( in this case , 4k ) . to determine allocation unit size on windows , go to the command prompt , go to the drive letter that the new meida card is on , and type chkdsk . allocation unit size will be displayed near the bottom of the results . to format , in windows explorer right click on the drive letter of the new card and then click on format . it should be obvious from there . the quick format option worked for me . as for copying files , i had no problem with hidden files . straight copy worked for me .
yes , you should be able to use fat32 with no problems . android supports fat/fat16 and fat32 , and i believe raw / unformatted cards may work with some phones . you can also use ext partitions but this requires some extra work , see for example how to use ext partition in my android ?
MTP stands for media transfer protocol . its honestly better than mass storage mode because the memory card does not need to be unmounted on the phone for the pc to transfer data . if you want to disable it , switch your connectivity to MSC mode first then enable charge only . MTP is a passive protocol that is why it cannot be turned off when it is set by default .
if you are willing to look at wikis then wikipedia has a changelog for it > > > click me
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
if you could see the official android web page , the section What's new in Android 4.2, Jelly Bean enumerates all the changes in detail . though it is the delta from 4.1 and not from 4.2.1 as you had asked for .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
the " classic cwm " does not even support the touch screen . it is operated solely via hardware keys -- usually the volume up/down keys to navigate , and the power button to confirm actions . on devices featuring a trackball ( as the " classic htc-wildfire for example ) , this can be used as well to scroll the menus and confirm actions . note that there is also a touch-enabled cwm available -- but that is not the " classical one " . however , if your device comes from the manufacturer , it is not equipped with clockworkmod , but with a stock recovery . stock recovery does not support nandroid backups . so you would first need to flash the recovery in order to use that . depending on the device , there may be different installation instructions ( and different requirements ) , so make sure to check that first . cwm would then replace the existing "3e " recovery located on the /recovery partition , but should leave the other parts ( e . g . your /data and /system ) intact .
need a more concrete answer - the stock recovery is very different to cwm ( clockwork mod ) in that stock recovery cannot do what cwm can do ! as for asking what can i do to install clockworkmod without touchscreen support you will have to re-flash the device with a custom boot/recovery/system , inevitably you will lose everything when that is carried out . i could suggest , let the device boot up , and try get a rom-dumper tool installed into /data/local/tmp by way of shell script or similar tool that will save the data that would be compatible with clockwork mod ( disclaimer : you are on your own here ) , you are rooted anyway at least ! : )
if you are using the google play music app touch menu on your device and see if keep on device is checked . if yes uncheck it . you can also touch the blue pin to stop making it available offline . for more information on this go to https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1250232?hl=en
have you not considered this application which actually overlays the existing launcher , and by using gestures such as tapping on the corner of the screen , to launch a certain app . the app is called swipepad its a complement to the existing launchers out there on the market . to quote : swipepad is a launcher panel overlay . with a single swipe action , you can launch anything from within any app . it is extraordinarily simple and intuitive to use : touch down a pre-set edge of the screen ; move your finger towards the center of the screen so the pad will emerge ; release your finger on a specific slot to action .
to improve your first bullet , some custom launcher apps would allow you to open quickdroid in a simple way . nova launcher prime , which i am using right now , lets you set the action of a swipe on the homescreen to launch a custom app . other popular launchers that claim to allow gestures are go launcher , apex launcher , and holo launcher .
quickdroid also has a widget . have you tried that ? it seems like the search field is there in your home screen . it is not really ( when you tap it to start typing , it opens the search screen ) , but looks nice at least . . .
i have found app dialler to be pretty quick . t9 fuzzy ( ? ) searching app launcher i have xposeds gravitybox pielauncher setup with an app dialler shortcut to launch from any app with a small gesture and single tap
going a slightly different route , have you considered an app like fliplauncher ? you get approx 24 slots to save shortcuts to apps . a quick slide of the finger from edge of the phone to the screen will launch one of the strips of apps , enabling you to launch an app from the strip . the beauty of this is it does not matter what app you are currently in , you can still launch one of your shortcut apps from the current app . when launched , using back arrow will take you to your previous app . example - imdb , browser or part of your shortcut apps . you are reading an article in your news reader about a great new movie , you want to see the trailer , so you launch the strip that contains your imdb icon , press on it launching the imdb app , watch the trailer , back arrow out of imdb , and you go straight back to the article you were reading . ( i have no interest in this app , other than finding it has made using my phone quicker and easier and reduced the number of home pages i require and the number of times i go into the app drawer ) . i know this is not exactly what you are looking for , but i think it is a much quicker alternative that can cover you in most instances .
to answer my own question : i found swipeswitcher lite and am using this to easily launch quickdroid . swipeswitcher is a very simple app which just adds a small invisble overlay on the left and right edges of the screen . it let 's you configure each overlay to launch an app ( or go the the previous/next app in the default configuration ) . so i configured the left edge to launch quickdroid and kept the right edge at the default config . now i can quickly launch quickdroid by swiping from the left edge of the screen . to launch an app all i do now is swipe , type 2 - 3 characters , and select the app . and as an added bonus , i can quickly go back to the previous app by swiping from the right edge of the screen . so far i really like this very simple solution . it is similar to other suggested solutions such as fliplauncher and swipepad , except that swipeswitcher does not replace the homescreen and immediately launches one single app . i also had a look at google search launcher , as that promised to be exactly what i wanted to use the android built-in tablet search . however , this really just launches the google search , so it is still not in ' tablet search mode ' by default and still shows search suggestions . it also makes the homesceeen inaccessible and was rather slow . it seemed promising but was a rather dissapointing . update : i just found another very nice solution . if you have tasker installed , you can install assistant event for tasker . then you can create a task which will launch quickdroid ( or any app of your choice ) when using the gesture which would normally open google now ( the " google assistant " gesture ) .
try conjure app on google play . might be similar to what you want . ( lifehacker has an article on them ) .
iphone emoticons are not character combinations like :- but they are single utf-16 character of emoticons called emoji which are not by default supported in android . by using some third party sms apps such as go sms pro and installing its emoji plugin you would be able to send and receive such iphone emoticons to/from your friend .
sms , generally , uses the 7-bit gsm encoding standard , however a quick cursory glance with google-fu yielded this answer posted on stackoverflow which seems to say that apple uses utf-16 ( unicode encoding ) . this would explain why you got a rectangular box as the handset is not able to decipher the encoding . you can find out more here as per the standards document
you can very nearly do this with totally standard built-in features , most of which actually rely on support from the phone network rather than anything special on your phone . in fact i can not think of a real way to do absolutely everything you are asking without implementing it at the phone network , rather than on the phone . you can block " unknown " numbers very easily , but i do not think there is a standard way to play a message saying that the call has been blocked and why . after all your phone would have to answer the call itself in order to play the message , only the phone network can talk to callers without answering the call ! to block unknown callers : on your phone , go into settings , then into call settings , select all calls , select auto reject , tick the box to enable auto reject , select auto reject list and tick unknown . playing a message to callers after the phone has not been answered for a specific time is exactly what normal voicemail does . most voicemail kicks in after a small number of rings , but if you want to extend that most networks will allow you to set a longer time before the vooicemail divert happens , but you will probably need to call your network to arrange this . i have had to set this up for phones on two different networks in the past , for one i had to type a complicated *# dialler code into the phone to request the longer delay , on the other the phone company 's helpline could arrange this over the phone .
i have a droid bionic and i went into my contacts and at the top it says your profile and i filled it out and put my picture in there and it worked perfect .
in my case matt 's solution did not work , so i found this solution on http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=3a41f790937732e1hl=en this is caused by a few different problems . if you go into Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; Status and the My Phone Number section is Unknown or not your number , then your problem is that the phone does not know which contact to use for you . if your number is in there and correct then it may not know which contact to use , if you have multiple contacts with the same number . unknown number in the first case ( unknown number ) you will need to use another handset to change the number . find someone ( possibly on the same network as you ) with an iphone and get them to let you put your sim card in it , on the iphone go into Settings -&gt; Phone -&gt; My Number and then enter your phone number , hit Okay and then eject the sim . put it back in your phone and it should just work , if not follow onto the next procedure . multiple matching contacts this is easier from gmail , find all the contacts you have with the same number as your phone ( with and without country codes ) and delete/merge them , if you deleted them create a new contact with your details and avatar in it and save . after syncing with the mobile your messaging app should show the correct avatar .
it depends on your device and what app you are using . on my droid 1 running froyo if i add my own cell # to my contacts the default messaging app uses the avatar that is set with that contact entry . if you add this it may take a little while for everything to sync up and for the pic to begin to display . in handcent sms you can set custom contact specific avatars .
i have a huawei ascend g300 click on your ' messaging ' icon to get a list of your conversations . then click on the menu button below your screen , click settings . you will see a title ' common settings ' look below common settings and there is ' my picture ' . click ' my picture ' to choose a profile photo from your gallery or take a photo with your camera . easy i found it by accident as i was searching how to add a picture of me . not having a profile picture was driving me insane ! ! ! ! lol
i found one . there is an app called microcom that is part of some newer busybox packages . i used the latest busybox ( 1.9.3 ) that could be installed by busybox pro ( steven stericson ) from the android market . i replaced busybox 1.9.3cm that came with my rom and which did not have microcom . with that busybox you just have to open a terminal ( i used btep ) and type microcom . the short help file will be displayed . using it can be as simple as : microcom -s 115200 /dev/ttyUSB0  i am still interested in a more full-featured version -- something more like minicom . but at least microcom gets the minimal job done for now . if no one offers a more full featured app than microcom , i will accept my answer in a few days .
sometimes custom roms come without the google apps ( gmail , market , maps , etc . ) pre-loaded , in those cases it is a separate package that you need to flash over the rom . you should check with the rom developer where you should get the gapps from .
the nook devs site provides links and goes over downloading google apps to your nook color running honeycomb . this site lists the available google app downloads from cyanogenmod , explaining that they cannot come pre-installed due to licensing restrictions . the links at the very bottom of the page ( and the first link ) should help you find the appropriate applications .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
i honestly don ' think they characters can be typed with the sidekick hardware keyboard . as for the software keyboard , it would depend on the one you are using , but most likely would be close to this : switch to numbers / symbols press the alt key press the &nbsp ; `&nbsp ; or &nbsp ; ~&nbsp ; key
did you remember to switch to swype from the default keyboard ? press and hold inside any text box ( like google search , for example ) . a pop-up should come up with one or more options . select the " input method " option and then select " swype " .
i do not think it is the app the is using processing power and causing the phone to overheat . the most likely contributer to heat on the phone is the enabling of data , bluetooth and gps . these services require constant processing and ' pings ' to maintain connectivity . waze and other gps based applications , use both data and location information , and at 60mph , they will be using even more of these , as the location is changing constantly and they need to refresh their maps and update their gps co-ordinates . if you are using a newer version of android ( kitkat ) , you can change the level of gps accuracy - device only should be fine for waze , like so : if your on an older android version ( jellybean or below ) , you can play around with the settings , but i am not sure how that will affect battery . the settings look like this : obviously , you should try and remove all other services that are using battery , if possible , turn off bluetooth , data sync , lower display brightness , try not to constant charge the battery ( this causes heat , you might only want to charge when battery drops below 15% and then take it off after 15 minutes ) and so on . if all else fails , i would try and switch away from waze . i suspect due to its social nature , it may be using the data connection for more than just sending map data . there are other mapping apps that can cache maps - therefore not requiring an active data connection - a huge battery saver ! if all this fails - i would suggest going to the manufacturer and ask for a new phone , as your battery or phone may be at fault . i use the maps on my phone ( nexus 5 ) , but other than slight heating ( warm ) on long journies - my phone does not shut down google maps or waze .
i do not know if this will work in your situation ( and i can not test it myself ) as in your situation it seems the killing of processes is done for safety reasons and not just to free up memory but it could be worth a try . the app is called minfreemanager ( requires root ) and there is a good guide here . taken from the link to the guide , here is an overview of what the app will do ; ActivityManagerService.java looks at the ' importance ' of running processes ; foreground apps , services , content providers etc , and prioritises them for close order in an oom ( out of memory ) situation . each process is assigned an oom_adj value . the lower the value , the less likely android is to close the app when it starts to run out of memory . these values are managed by android at runtime so a processes oom value can and will change as it changes state , from foreground , to background to idle etc . the app can adjust a processes oom_adj values to your own custom values so you can try and manipulate which apps android will close first and at what stage of low memory on the device . like i said , this is just a very basic overview . follow the link to the guide and you will find all the information you need to give it a go ( could go on for pages if i tried to explain in full detail ) .
there could be various reasons for bootlooping like installing rom which has size larger than your phone 's hboot , or a bad rom .
you can reply to imessage group chats by using the android 4.2 stock messaging app , gosms or possibly other sms apps . i personally used gosms until the android 4.2 added group messaging . gosms worked great , it was not perfect , but it did work . i do not think handcent supports group messaging .
gosms pro will allow you to group message ( including adding pictures ) just fine to iphone users . just tried it and it works great ! messages come back as single addresses but that is because they are sending via imessage . all people in the group do get them however . and as an added bonus , you can add gosms emoticons so you can send and see emoticon smiley pictures from your iphone friends !
summing up the solution from above comments on the question itself : finding the culprit first step is to get to the logging information on your device , to figure out some more details on what is going on . multiple choices to do so : get a logcat app from the playstore . there are many , and as long as you run android 4.0 or below , none of them have issues . starting with android 4.1 , apps can only see their own log entries ( so a logcat app only sees what it writes itself , which makes it quite useless ) -- unless your device is rooted ( your cm7 is ) , and you convert the logcat app into a system app ( which can be done e.g. using titanium backup ★ root ) . to find a suiting logcat app , simply use this playstore search -- afaik none of them comes pre-installed with cm . get it done from your pc . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb installed on your linux/mac/windows computer , and how to set up its configuration so it recognizes your android device . then either use adb logcat from the command-line , or a graphical interface ( e . g . qtadb , as described in the linked question ) solving the issue as you followed above device , you were able to pick the corresponding error message from the logs : the app was looking for a folder named /mnt/sdcard/download/ , which did not exist -- instead there already existed /mnt/sdcard/Download/ with a capital D . the problem behind this little thing is : while the underlying file-system ( fat ) supports mixed-case file/directory names , it does not differentiate correctly : cd download does not work due to different spelling , but mkdir download conflicts , though . so the solution , in your case , was to rename the existing Download directory to download . while i still hold this as a bug in the apps used ( they should be able to work around the issue , at least by asking the user where to download to ) , this simple trick at least enables you to download the .apk files now : )
i finally gave up on the stock email client for android 4.0 because of this problem and others . now i use enhanced email and i love it . its screen-real-estate-efficient ui is based on the gingerbread client and the dev team is very responsive to user suggestions and feedback . and it does not kill battery life like touchdown .
if you are looking for a way to quickly view frequently visited pages , i would bookmark them and then add the " bookmarks " widget to your homescreen . a few more steps involved , but pretty . and you do not even have to go into the browser to get to them !
there is no direct " home " key unfortunately . as others have stated , you can open a new tab to display your " home page " - but you then might want to close your current tab - which is a 2nd tap . alternatively , if your home page is a standard web page then you could bookmark it as well . but this still requires 2 taps . . . one to display your bookmarks and another to action it .
browser opens home page in every new tab by default . setting different home page in [ browser > settings > general > set homepage ] and then just open new tab to see what happens .
i think you hit the " windows " button in the upper-right , then the + button that appears to its left . this creates a new window , however .
it all depends on who your mobile carrier is . i have at and t and they allow one to surf and talk at the same time . this is because their networks are cdma . if you want to surf the web while you are talking on the phone it sounds like your only option right now is to change carriers .
most hsdpa / edge cdma networks do not support data and voice at the same time . cdma modern gsm networks ( including 3g and hsdpa , but not edge ) do , and lte will , so i am not sure why you are having this problem . it is possible that dual-transfer mode may not be enabled on your phone . alternatively , your network might not support it . ( info on dtm . )
for now i am using tasker to solve this problem . just set headset plugged as the context , and make the task set media volume to where i want it . if someone finds a better solution and posts here i will accept it as answer . note the market version of tasker was force closing on my sidekick . i emailed the developer and he got it fixed . look for apk version 1.1b4 or above and it should work on sidekick . this update will get pushed to the market sometime i am sure ( or maybe it already has been )
is that an exchange email ? then yes , removing it will trigger a factory reset . this is standard operating procedure , for security purposes ( of the company ) . as dotvezz said , you should back-up all your data ( pictures , documents , downloaded files , etc ) . to back-up your apps and its data , you can use titanium backup ; needs root . just to be on the safe side , also copy the titanium folder ( contains apps and data ) to your pc . after doing a factory reset , just restore the files with titanium backup ( which you had need to download from google play after the factory reset ) .
strange behavior , sometimes it show me the " downloading . . . . do not turn off target ! ! ! " message in fact , this strange behavior is the downloading mode . if it is true , then i would suggest trying to re-install the driver for the phone and seeing whether odin recognizes it .
as you are after a plain android &lt ; -> windows solution , apart from different hosted solutions , myphoneexplorer might also be worth consideration . afaik it can sync your android calender with different windows solutions , especially outlook , but imho also others . according to its description , this also includes – tada ! – even your favorite windows calendar : myphoneexplorer is a powerful phone management software for your desktop pc . some features : sync your phone with outlook , thunderbird , sunbird , lotus notes , tobit david , windows contacts , windows calendar , . . . manage your sms , calllists , apps , files , handle calls , create backups . . . connection via wifi , usb-cable or bluetooth . this is the client which is needed for phone , you will need also the desktop-software which can be downloaded at www.fjsoft.at. ( emphasis mine ) i think this will suit you best . myphoneexplorer is said to be a real good solution ( as a side-effect , it even helps you with backups , and other means of managing your android device ) . not being a windows user , i cannot speak from my own experience , though – but a playstore-rating of 4.6 with ~20k votes should mean something , too : )
you can remove it from the list by just swiping it off . i do not know how to permanently remove it from the list , though .
i just tested it while writhing those steps and it is working if your phone is rooted . if you need a method without root , just ask me and i will try to do some test . download tasker and open it then go in the preferences and uncheck the beginner mode . go back in tasker and open the " profile " tab then click on the + symbol . if tasker ask for a name , give it a name like " launch camera " and click on the check , then click on the + symbol and choose " application " . choose the camera . use the top left arrow to go back . select " new task " if it ask you for a name give it a name like launch camera . click on the + symbol and type " kill " then select " kill app " and select the camera . check " use root " use the top left arrow to go back . click on the + symbol and select " app " then " launch app " and select the camera . check exclude from recent apps and then use the top left arrow to go back . use the top left arrow to go back one more time . click on the 3 dots at the top right of the screen and select " exit " then select " save first " launch your camera app and see if it is working .
judging from the fact that you are seeing previews of recent apps , i am assuming your sgs2 is running android 4.0 ( or ablove ) . i do not believe you can exclude apps from " recent " list out of the box . this might be one of the few legitimate uses for the task killer kinds of apps . basically if you set the task killer to always terminate the " camera " or " gallery " apps , they should stop appearing in android 's recent apps list . * * [ correction ] : the above statement turned out to be incorrect on jelly bean ( android 4.1 ) . task-ending an app does not remove it from the " recent " list .
you can use tasker ! when you launch an app with tasker , you can specify to exclude the app from the recent apps . you could create a button that launch the camera app in excluded mode .
seems your application points to the app location which was altered or moved with the update . to solve this , simply delete the existing shortcut icon ( by dragging it on to the bin icon which appears after a long press on the shortcut ) then create a new shortcut icon for the application through the customizing menu . ( which appear after a tap or with the press of menu button whipe you are in your home screen ) you may want to reboot the device beforehand .
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
i would say 80% app is compatible . and other 20% are for other specific devices . specific android version and specific screen size
no there are not all compatible . when you watching an application on google play ( from your device ) if you cannot find the button for installing that app , that means that your device is not supported by that application . also if you visit that application page on google play desktop site , and your device is listed in your account than a message will appear in browser that says that specific application is not compatible with your device .
in general , no . some apps : run on specific devices only ( i.e. . not compatible with s4 ) run on specific android versions available only in specific countries available only on specific carriers requires root access . ( i.e. . if phone is not rooted , it will not work )
logcat might give you some information but that is cleared when the device reboots . abd logcat will connect you to the " rolling log " . logcat is not stored in a file , only in a memory stream but you can easily dump it to file . adb logcat -d -v time > logfile.txt using the options i listed above will give you a time stamp of when events occur . the -d indicates you are dumping to a file , do not " block " . -v time formats the log with event times . instead of &gt; logfile.txt you could do -f /path/to/logfile.txt .
alogrec does basicly the same as logcat , but writes constantly to a log file on your storage card .
buzz launcher , as well as other launchers , i imagine , allows you to program gestures to preform certain actions . the issue though is that that gesture will only perform that action from the home screen if you use buzz launcher gestures . . . the good thing though is you do not have to root to do it . in addition , of course , if you root the phone you can assign gestures more freely and make them universal so that the gesture performs the action from any app , not just the home screen .
if you are using a custom rom , such as cyanogenmod , you can ' wire ' hardware keys to certain function . one thing you can do , is set it up so that a long press on the menu button will show the soft keyboard . if not , then there is no way to do this , although in theory an app could be produced that would place a notification in the taskbar when enabled and bring up the soft keyboard when clicked ! i am now off to make this app .
your guess is wrong . anti-virus applications on android are completely unrelated . there are two ways that google finds and removes dodgy apps and malware from google play . reports by users every play store page has a " report " button . google investigates apps that are reported , whether that is for copyright or trademark issues , violating their policy about content ( e . g . pornography ) , for breaking their other policies ( e . g . invasive ads , interfering with other apps ) , or for being malware or scams . automatic scans google play now automatically scans apps that are added by developers , hoping to detect dodgy apps like these before they can hurt users or cause problems . for obvious reasons , google does not disclose details of what kind of scans they perform or how the technology works . if a user has a malware app and it is detected by an anti-virus program , the user might choose to report it to google play themselves ( if the malware came from there ) , but that is the only part that anti-virus apps on smartphones play in the process .
i do not have a motorola atrix 2 at hand , but as far my memory goes , you can go past the " no sim/emergency dial only " screen if you boot the phone while holding the camera button pressed .
facebook does not allow it - you would have to use another app like haxsync and give it permission to access your profile .
historically , in order to promote battery life , apple did not let the apps run in the background ( until ios 4.0 release in june 2010 ) , but did provide this apns ( apple push notification service ) , which would let the app developers implement certain client functionality on their own third-party servers , which would then push the notification messages to apple 's central notification system ( available since ios 3.0 release in june 2009 ) . as such , anyone who would have wanted to write an app with any kind of background notifications at all during the whole ios 3 availability window , would have had to have apns support implemented , else , their app would have had no multitasking at all . it would appear that this has never been the case in the android land . per my understanding , google 's take on apns &mdash ; gcm &mdash ; google cloud messaging &mdash ; has not really taken off yet , probably because running out of battery in one day is not as evident as not having the background-notifications functionality at all , and the apns/gcm architectures require the app developers to themselves run the extra servers on their own side , which is obviously not free , either , and would certainly require extra engineering and complexity , for achieving something that is not entirely obvious to the naked eye . additionally , according to a question on stackexchange , gcm is a second incarnation of google 's take on apns , where the first one , now discontinued , was called c2dm ( cloud to device messaging framework ) . it would appear that c2dm had quotas , which were then abolished with subsequent gcm . the exact dates on the introduction of gcm and c2dm are not clear , however , their device-side parts would appear to be backwards compatible , since they both claim to support android 2.2 and above . android 2.2 " froyo " was first made available may 2010 .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
you can go to the play store and view the ' my apps ' section . this should list your most recently updated apps . you can check the top 27 or so and see if it helps you determine , which one may be affecting video playback .
if you are using a third party video player of your device , say , vlc media player , then go to setings> apps> manage apps> vlc> clear data , and reset the data . once done , use a system cleaner app like cleaner master and clear the junk on your device . this should solve he problem . if the problem still persists , opt to reinstall the video player app .
several apps are available on playstore for ram cleanup . the cleaner is one of them .
yup even i have a xperia neo had i have also faced the same issue . i tried reporting it on the sony mobile forum but it seems it is a unresolved bug . seems the issue is with the current supply , which makes the screen too sensitive resulting in multi-touch . try disconnecting and try typing after sometime , seems to help in my case .
not sure what you mean by " stock " , i have a t-mobile g2 , it has android 2.2 out of the box , and flash was pre-loaded . there is flash handling enabled in the browser and ( i presume ) in the youtube application .
you can download the flash player 10.1 app from the market or by going to http://adobe.com on your phone and clicking on the get adobe flash player button .
the over 7mb to download part could be that the phone is set in a way that downloading files > 7mb would require a wi-fi connection . to avoid data wastage many phones have this feature to enable warning/limit downloads over the mobile data usage . this settings can be managed under the settings options of your mobile data option . just by un-checking the option you can easily download the update ota
your carrier is responsible for sending ota updates . check their website , call them and ask , or try searching for your carrier 's name and " android update " .
the chacha does the actual updates check by contacting some webservers (*.htc.com) which are listed in build . prop . all released rom updates are listed at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2094100 but with a 7mb download it must be something else .
it would be a wast of time ( and money ) . the phone is not compatible with verizon 's network . verizon is a cdma network , and the nexus 4 from google is gsm phone . in the past google has met-in-the-middle with verizon and released the cdma compatible galaxy nexus - this time there appear to be no plans on releasing a cdma compatible nexus 4 ( possibly due to the slow turnaround time verizon had on releasing updates to the galaxy nexus ) .
first install game and play it once . then paste your downloaded data folder to android-data . hope it helps
if you are using your google voice for another purpose , such as a sip service for an obihai appliance or as a voip system on your pc , you will encounter problems with voicemail not picking up . you will need to disable google voicemail on your phone , create a new google voice account , with a new number , and add your android phone to that account . then select " use google voicemail " and follow the instructions for your provider . ( if you use straight talk , select either t-mobile or at and t as your provider , depending on the sim you purchased from straight talk . ) the number on the new google voice account does not need to be used for anything other than voicemail - calls to your cell phone will be forwarded to the gv number after 4 rings , and since there is no voip device listening at that number on the new account , voicemail will pick up . you will need to log into the new account in the google voice app , and go through the setup wizard again .
finally i was able to import smses using sms importer lite . this post was very helpful to make it work . it was required to configure sms importer this way : source type : custom in advanced preferences : seperator : , sender position : 3 date position : 6 body position : 8 otherwise it always failed with " unexpected error " message .
an accepted solution is described with the question how to move contacts and other data from symbian to android ? -- which might be of special interest to you , as it covers the transfer of other data as well . the sms migrator tool described there does , according to its description . . . 4 steps to migrate / import / transfer / move sms from iphone , window mobile , symbian ( nokia ) , blackberry , sony errison , samsung , siemens , and so on to your android . a step-by-step guide can be found on the product 's website .
have you tried sending a KEYCODE_DPAD_CENTER ? adb shell input keyevent 23 
i was in the same situation as you . once you enter the full backup screen use the following commands : adb shell input text &lt;your password&gt; adb shell input keyevent 22 adb shell input keyevent 23  the " adb shell input keyevent 22" command is dpad right , you will be able to select back up my data the " adb shell input keyevent 23" is the dpad center , it will allow you to select enter 22 --> " keycode_dpad_right " 23 --> " keycode_dpad_center "
use droid explorer and the screencast plugin to use your keyboard and mouse from your desktop computer to control the handset ? that would make life easier instead of fiddling around with using adb shell input keyevent ...
i have had that before , i think it has something to do with how the device was named on the build . prop . i had a device that runs on ics before , i changed rom to another ics and one of my apps showed incompatible on the play store . i installed the app from a backup copy and it ran without problems .
install google maps engine . google maps engine on android enables you to view your custom maps anywhere , anytime . i am not sure , but navigation will probably not work as described here : for navigation , searching for local places , etc . please check out the google maps for mobile app .
the cable does make a huge difference , so i am glad that i read your new cable made it last for a day . in addition , once a week you want to do a full charge cycle . completely waste the battery , [ to the point where you can not boot ] and charge it for 8 hours straight , off . i find that shorter , thicker cables make the battery of the device last longer .
i have had a very similar problem a couple of times in the past with my samsung tablet . it was always software-related , and never the cable or charger ( i have two original samsung chargers for that tablet , and both had the same problem , as did various cables . for me , it would not charge past 50% . the first time , i let the battery discharge all the way until the tablet went into severe battery-saving mode , and i let it go as long as i could until i lost patience . i then charged it up , and it worked ok after that . it happened again , it seemed , a few months later . this time , i unplugged the charger , turned off the power , then plugged it back in and it charged ok . samsung phones are often picky about chargers . i have found that some will not work at all with my samsung tablet , but will work with my lg g2 and my wife 's iphone , while others work with it , with my lg , and with my wife 's iphone . i never really figured out exactly why . but as with all chargers , sometimes they will work , but at only . 5 amp if you do not have the right match , or a special charge-only cable . so , if you have such a charger , it might not be able to keep up with the discharge . i worked in electronics repair , testing , and design for about 15 years , so i have a good understanding of the basics , and troubleshooting . people who suggest special short , thick , whatever cables are simply not very knowledgeable , or repeating misinformation from others who are just guessing out of partial knowledge . for the amount of current going through the cable , and the difference in resistance for different types of cable , the loss is negligible . the only time a cable will make a difference is if the connector is damaged , or it is wired in a nonstandard way internally . of course , a cheap cable can have a wire break , but that has nothing to do with size of cable . also , if you are not careful , the connector on the phone can be damaged , or have foreign matter caught inside , or some obstruction keeping it from making a good connection . the micro-usb connection is not the most robust way of making a connection , which is probably why they are creating a new standard .
this mostly starts when you upgrade your firmware . i believe the jelly bean upgrade is a big drain on the phone resources . my way out ? throttle down the cpu speed ( antutu or cpu-z can do the job for you )
had exactly the same , did the same as you asking questions and hearing lots of different answers . my solution new battery , couple of quid on ebay .
had same problems b4 i tried calibrating the magnetic compass by the x , y , z axis here 8s the simple steps keep in mind all the rotations are clockwise directions first put your phone in a flat surface for me i placed it in a table and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise then pick up your phone and face it on your left with the but part nearest to you and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and finally face your phone towards you like ussing it normaly and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and thats it , for me it solved my prorblem reg the pointer in my map do this while your map is active , hope this will help someone .
yes , stock rom does not support other file systems but ext2 for the second partition . so create an ext2 partition . the location of the apps , once linked with link2sd will be from the root of the sytem : \ ( which is root ) sd-ext and there you will find some directories or app-files , depending on your link2sd settings . about the question for mounting / rebooting : i cannot answer that because i do not know . about the size of thee partition : when you connect your phone to your computer , and have minitool partition wizard installed , you should be able to create the partitions like you want it and with the size you want . but to be honest : 6gb for apps is an awfully lot . . . i think the tutorial just points out that you probably never will exceed the 2 gb that is mentioned and you can use the other 6gb for normal storage ( which also can be read by windows when you connect your phone to your computer ) i hope i answered your questions . . .
you can adjust that in in-game options and if that does not work in settings in developer options there is something to adjust resolution ( at least on the galaxy anyway )
gleeo does this . the one downside in my experience is that you can not track multiple tasks at once ; switching to a new task automatically stops what you were previously recording . ( but you can manually add/edit entries as well . )
the solution that seemed to work , at last , was the following . i connected the tablet with usb into my pc . then downloaded the signed package of gapps for my android version , from http://goo.im and moved it in the same dir as the adb executable . after that , i booted the tablet in recovery mode , chose the option " update from adb " , and run the command " adb sideload gapps . zip " , where gapps . zip is the filename downloaded earlier . everything run good and i can now see , the necessary services .
take a look at the choosing your google number page in their help section . specifically , have a look at the " learn more about the difference between the two options " expandable link . the gist is that unless you have sprint , choosing to use your mobile number will simply allow you to port your mobile number and turn it into your gvoice number or continue using gvoice lite . this means you lose your mobile number for your cell plan , which is probably not what you want in most cases . if you have sprint then you can choose to have your gvoice number be a copy of your actual mobile number , allowing gvoice communication to essentially appear as though it originated from your mobile phone ( among other things , explained more at about google voice on sprint ) .
for the most part carriers use software and permissions restrictions to prevent users from sharing their android phone 's connection with other devices . with root a person can use a number of different apps to tether their phone to another device or create a wifi hotspot . different roms may even enable someone to use the built in tethering and hotspot features without any issue . on the other end of the spectrum most carriers also look at the types of traffic that are coming across from your device and the user agent that is being used to conduct the internet traffic . i know that t-mobile after a short amount of usage will actually start forwarding your traffic to their hotspot plan webpage . some hotspot apps disguise the user agent to try and prevent this .
have you tried usb otg helper ? it works with either stock or custom rom . i have not seen the p500 listed as supported , but you could try .
in short , msm7x27 chipsets have very limited support for usb otg , that is despite there is an option in the kernel to build the driver for it , unfortunately it does not work and requires hackery to get it to work 100% ! in reference to this : update : my phone 's has three files libra.ko , librasdioif.ko , wireless.ko in /system/lib/modules those modules the op referred to , are tied to the sdio 's chipset support for both the sdcard mechanism and the wireless . notably , atheros 's ar6000 uses the sdio pins to activate the wireless , and is specific to that driver . offtopic : the sdio controls the sdcard mechanism , so yeah , it does sound ' cheap ' in the sense that using the pins for i/o off the sdcard mechanism , to control the wifi chip . . . as a fyi - zte blade and lg-p500 uses the near-identical array of peripherals such as chipset , wifi , but under different manufacturers ! have a mooch around the modaco thread governing both devices , you might find something in there !
long tap in your main launcher window --> ( personalize menu pops ) --> click on " display " --> lockscreen --> settings . you can only switch between application , but you cannot have more than 4 .
you may try under settings -> privacy -> factory data reset .
answering myself , it seems in this phone is under : " sd and phone storage > factory data reset . "
as for being hacked , it is possible , but there could be a simple explanation . when using mobile data , the actual interconnection point with the internet or the servers handling the ip address assignment may be in a different physical location than you , resulting in your connections showing from a completely different town . heck , with verizon , i would frequently get a different state . as for the login issue , have you tried logging in on a pc to verify and/or reset your password ? you need to isolate if it is the phone or the account first . if it is definitely the phone , you can try clearing app data for all the google apps ( it will wipe settings for those apps so you will need to reconfigure them later--data will be re-downloaded from google . also , though i have not seen any reports today , yesterday there were issues accessing some google services including logging in . just in case that is the issue .
found a thread of people with the same issue . htc was contacted an to fix they said factory reset your phone : with the phone turned off , press and hold the volume down key . briefly press the power key . wait for the screen with the 3 android images to appear . press the volume down key twice to select clear storage . press the power . when asked to confirm , press volume up however this has not worked for many users . the second fix would be this : *hey i will gwy&lt ; ----- when you make a mistake like that instead of tapping the backspace button to get rid of your mistakes . press and hold it until it gets rid of your mistakes its a slight fix but its alot easier to have to deal with the whole delete by selection issue
pixel colors looks almost the same as pixelated on screens .
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
there is a deprecated api which allows to set preferred activities for specific intents . so you could for example set the adobe reader as the preferred activity to start when " open pdf " intent is sent however as it states this api is deprecated so it could be removed in future versions of android http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/pm/packagemanager.html#addpreferredactivity(android.content.intentfilter , int , android.content.componentname [ ] , android.content.componentname )
you do not need any type of script . when user is presented with multiple pdf readers to choose from , one can found a checkbox Use by default for this action at bottom . check it and tap adobe reader . done !
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
if it cannot be done with native support ( as described by bassmadrigal ) , there are several 3rd-party solutions available . take a look at e.g. slider widget - volumes , which seems a solution you might love : slider widget , second screenshot with open slider ( source : google play ; click images to enlarge ) as the screenshots show , it gives you a widget bar with " buttons " for all the different volumes your device supports . tap the corresponding item once to bring up the slider . or double-tap to toggle ( "that is my favorite song -- no phone calls or notifications now , please ! : ) " ) . the playstore offers a lot of similar things , just check it for volume widget if this approach seems useful to you .
when an app is playing sound , android will only adjust the volume for what is actively playing the sound ( in this case the media volume ) . you can manually adjust your sound volume under settings -> sound -> volume if your rom supports it , you may be able to enable expanded mode for volume under settings -> sound -> volume panel style -> expandable . this will give you a button to the right of the onscreen volume indicator ( when you press the volume buttons ) . press that and it will show all the adjustable volume levels and you can change it through there .
you could always : set it up downloading using ' tubemate': http://www.androidfreeware.net/download-youtube-tubemate.html then watch it on the normal youtube app ! if you go out of range , hope that the download has finished and you can carry on watching it offline !
there are apps like tubemate or easytube that let you download youtube videos to your phone internal storage or to the sd card in order to allow you to see these videos whenever you want wherever you want . maybe this is what you are looking for .
epub uses less battery because pdf files heavy compared epubs . it also depends on what app you are using , cpu speed and ram of device . reading epub file with black background n white text saves a lot of battery .
theoretically epub should have the advantage over pdf as it is a smaller file that is basially html , css and image files with a few xml files for defining the books metadata , chapter order and table of contents navigation zipped into ' epub ' format . it is in many ways like a website . the pdf files will often be larger as they have embedded fonts , image optimisation and their own encryption to deal with as overheads . however , while epub will reflow text easily it is not very good for more technical things like code and mathematical equations etc , so really what format to have the book in will depend on your need rather than an impact on the battery . also the more optimised the ebook reader the less overhead on your battery . the screen is the biggest drain on nearly all mobile devices and will consume far more battery than any ebook reader . conversely , an epub with a lot of markup and very , very large unoptimised image files could be a bigger overhead to render than a slimmed down , lower image quality pdf . as per @chahk ' s comments below , the actual saving for a black background is quite low for an amoled screen where black is unpowered , and non existant on lcd based technologies . this xda user did an experiment which should be taken as anecdotal evidence and his finding was basically after 1 hour of screen on time he had saved around 6% battery life . how to geek article on black wallpaper and battery which states : on most computer displays , such as the computer screen you’re probably reading this article on , using a black background won’t save you any battery life . no matter what color a pixel is – whether it’s dark black or blinding white – there’s a backlight at the back of your screen and it’s constantly outputting light . the black pixels block more of the backlight , but it’s still behind the black pixel , using power .
first off you need to use a qr code reader . there is no way around that . you can not teach some to read qr 's , but you can show them the proper way of using such an app . most of the readers have built in dummy instructions - such as center the code in the picture , how far away to get a good reading and other useful tidbits . besides if they can take a picture with the device , they can read a qr code . so to finish off , yes the easiest way is to have an app installed , unless your ( their ) device has one natively installed
yes , just download an app and run it . you can not visually look at a qr code and decode it with your brain .
maybe the touch sensor is broken , had the same issue with an old motorola milestone : only the left third of the screen was detecting events ( and rightmost pixel line ) . i could unlock it with a 2 finger gesture ( tap and hold left , tap and hold right side , then release left . the slider then jumped to the right and unlocked . the milestone has a hardware keyboard which i then used to further navigate
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
i have followed this issue , and i am quite sure mobilnoter is the best that can be done until ms comes out with an android version of onenote . unlike a mac version , that move seems inevitable , since many windows users are on android .
mobilenoter se will sync with skydrive (office.live.com) but is currently read only . for a couple of weeks in early april , firefox on android worked on office . live . com directly , but m$ changed something and now you can not edit your onenote files online in any android browser i have tried ( and i have tried almost all of them ) . very frustrating . alan
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
it does mean that you will have a stock aosp android on it , and you will not have to do any tricks to get root access on your phone .
astro file manager does all those things , although i have to agree with webs and say that you should not use task killers as they are no longer needed . for more information , go to application fundamentals and scroll down to component life cycles . just trust the system , the way android is designed means you do not need to do memory management , the os does it for you . even the developer of advanced task killer said in an interview that his application is no longer needed .
if you are running android 2.1 or 2.2 you do not want to use app killers . it actually hinders performance and could cause more problems because android has built in app killing functionality into the os . no app currently exists that can do all three of those . you can get an app that can do the first one , there are lots of those but i would not recommend any of them . or you can get an app that can do those last two . . . native marketplace uninstaller appbrain app market my market app center - by androidpit
i agree that it could potentially cause problems ( i have only had one problem app [ sportstap used to give me a pop-up when i would force-kill it ] , and that has subsequently been fixed ) , but they definitely have their place . sometimes i want to kill everything possible in one fell swoop because of a problem with the app . for example , the built-in newsfeed widget sometimes messes up my touch screen , and killing it corrects my touch issues . nonetheless , i am using taskpanel these days . as webs said , it does not do install/uninstalls , but since he covered those , i figured i would recommend my task killer of choice .
have froyo here running on samsung europa , latest version on this is , 4.1.6 . perhaps you need to let the old market run for a bit , then back out of it , it should auto-upgrade itself , provided you have a valid account and signed in .
when you click Install to install the application ( on the web or on the phone ) , you will notice a pop-up that says what permissions the app has and if you want to continue or not . if the app is already installed , click on the Installed button and the permissions will appear .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
the reason it does not work properly is this : the init.rc script resides in within the ramdisk attached to the boot image . hence the init.rc script that was edited and pushed across is now overwritten by the boot image 's own script upon reboot - effectively changes are lost ! you need to extract the boot image , using every boot image has the kernel and the ramdisk . the tools available to do this can be found here . extracting when invoking the script split_bootimg.pl on a boot image it will recreate the following : boot . kernel boot . ramdisk . gz the two files are obviously self-explanatory . to extract the ramdisk , create a directory called ramdisk and from that directory , invoke this : gzip -dc | cpio -i , to recreate the directory structure that is used in the ramdisk which gets flipped over to the live file-system upon boot . in there , the file that is of pertinent information is init.rc . now that can be modified to your heart 's content . putting it back together go back up a directory level , and issue this - mkbootfs ***RAMDisk*** | gzip &gt; my_custom_ramdisk.gz . then , to " attach " the original kernel to the boot image , issue the following : mkbootimg -base 0x.... -kernel boot.kernel -ramdisk my_custom_ramdisk.gz -o my_custom_boot.img . at this point now , a boot image has been constructed , then that boot image will now have to be flashed via fastboot flash boot my_custom_boot.img . tl ; dr changes are lost upon re-boot because the script is not properly edited which required extracting the boot image and modifying it and re-packing it . once re-packed and then the boot image is re-flashed , the changes will be permanent . this is done every-time the changes are needed .
just follow these directions to install the android driver . . . very easy ! how to install android driver
go and download the android sdk installer . when the sdk setup tool runs , you can select the usb drivers the drivers will be in &lt ; install_directory&gt ; extras\google\usb_driver find the android_winusb . inf and right click it click install if right click -> install does not work , then try the following start menu -> right click computer -> click properties click device manager ( on the left ) find the device in the hardware list , will probably have a " warning icon " right click the item and select update driver software select browse my computer for driver software select the usb driver directory noted above check include subfolders click next finished . . . your device should now have usable drivers so you can mount the sdcard . for reference , the android sdk documents also has a page with links to many of the different oem drivers too .
take your phone to service center , and let them check whats wrong with your device , i have also got that issue in my micromax device , they changed it is mother board or main board , now my device is running smooth with my battery . fyi : i didnt need to change battery ,
neither of the system-e-mails apps ( e-mail and gmail ) on my nexus4 is able to accomplish that task - very annoying indeed . so the basic answer is propably : you can not . but there are mail-apps capable of doing so . one of it is k9-mail .
you can pay for whatsapp with paypal on their own site , so it must have been from there . you can download the app here . . . http://www.whatsapp.com/android/ and , as it says on that page . . . if you already paid for the service you will not be asked to pay for it again .
if you bought it with paypal , it must not have been through the market . suggest you contact the developer for advice .
turned out that apparently on g+ the albums take the date of the most recent picture of that album , while on picasa web album there is a date for the album , i do not know why but sometimes the date for the album on picasa is the same as the one on g+ , others times is simply the date when you created the album . anyway it is possible to change that date from the web interface of picasa by selecting an album and editing his property , it is a bit annoying if you have a lot of them but finally now i have all my picasa album properly ordered in my gallery on android . : )
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
you can use syncmypix to download display pictures off facebook of your contacts and use those for pre-existing contacts .
unless munged by samsung , while in the people app you should be able to go to menu &rarr ; contacts to display and then choose the account for which you want to see contacts . there is even a " customize " option which allows one to , for instance , only display contacts from certain of an account 's contact groups .
you can try the go locker . . . . .
whatsapp uses sqlite databases for recording chat history . it is not possible to restore without writing custom code to convert plain text into sqlite database accepted by whatsapp . i do not know of any such tool .
i have yet to see a plugin or 3rd app that will allow you to do this . it is still possible to have tasker enable device administrator privileges to " android device manager . " the issue becomes in the absence of a plugin you had most likely have to enable android device manager through a series of simulated tap and swipes . since a security measure this method is not at all practical as the person could potentially see what going on . i would honestly suggest investing in cerberus . it can hide itself and respond to test messages and commands which can be sent from the web . you can find many stories on reddit about how this app has allowed people to recover their phones .
when i choose one mail source - instead of the " combined view " - the folders menu option shows all the other folders . guess the " combined view " shows only a smaller common ( sub ) folder list .
click on the inbox and a drop down box will appear with all your folders
i just had the same problem and i found a way of seeing the subfolders on my galaxy . on the pc , open your inbox and create a new subfolder ( eg foo ) . on your phone , open email and open your inbox . in options , select ' folders ' . you will see your inbox with a small green arrow icon . click the icon ( not the inbox title ) and your folder list will expand . note that this only worked for me after i had created the extra dummy folder . before i created the folder , i could see the green icon , but it would not expand the list of subfolders .
what i did is to go to the inbox , click the option , then folders , and click in the inbox icon ( the folder drawing , not the inbox word ) , and it showed the sub-folders .
you can click your inbox to show the folders and also change sync options by long pressing each folder in the default ics mail client .
android , starting from 4.0 , does officially support a form of p2p wifi networking called wifi direct . a wifi direct-capable device can create an access point which any other wifi-capable device can access . i do not know about nexus 7 specifically , but galaxy nexus does support wifi direct so i would presume that so is nexus 7 .
i am afraid that what you want to do is not possible . you can come close by using eds on the phone , but your computer will not be able to read the files directly . truecrypt will be able to decrypt the containers , but i think you might have some problems with handsets using mtp rather than usb mass storage . essentially what you want is for android to support the " secure " part of " secure digital " . what you want to do is built into the sd card spec , where a password can be set on the card and can then only be read on that device . for instance , the samsung focus wp7 handset locked sd cards to it , and these were not readable in other devices . most devices simply saw the cards as unreadable , not even able to format them . only symbian handsets seemed to be able to recognise these cards were locked to a handset and were able to format these cards , but not read the data that was on them .
you could use encryption on the entire drive . this can be done with certain apps like eds ( which creates an encrypted container on the device , which requires a password to be opened -- but after that the file system is mounted transparently for all apps to access ; these containers are truecrypt compatible ) . some of these apps ( like e.g. cryptonite or luks manager ) require the device to be rooted . however , if those encryption does not work on the device filesystem itself ( but uses containers ) , i am not sure how an app will work with it if it expects files at hard-coded places . you can try and find out , as most of the encryption apps offer free trial versions .
sorry , to best of my knowledge it cannot be done . but however , you can only encrypt your content . please see this post , which explains few alternate ways with which you can encrypt the files that are being stored . mobisafefile is one such application that helps you to encrypt .
i found this solution --i am a little bit nervous about installing it though ( it requires flashing the phone . ) better solutions would be preferred !
yes you can - from this thread on xda-developers , you can use the apk on unrooted phones , depending on your android version . remember to pick the correct version for your phone .
i thought that i may get some answers here , as it is , after many hours searching and trying various apps out , i have found a few apps that provide solutions myself , the best two of which i will list below . i was looking for an app to show " call " and " sms " " history"/"logs " , so using these search terms i found many , the best stand alone one i found is called " my log " from " intangible solutions " which is able to search and list all calls and sms for any given number or multiple numbers in a very clear and easy to read format . the drawbacks is that it is heavily add supported and takes a little while to specify all the contact 's numbers , as you have to select them one at a time , having said this , the results are brilliant . the other i found via an associated app call " call log+" which i tried and initially dismissed as it only gave me call log similar to the one found in the standard " phone " dialler , however i later went back to it is associated app " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" , " messages+" and " dialler+" , and then also installed " merge+" , " emoji for conacts+" and the " contacts+ widget " to get the full collection , which can replace the standard " phone " , " contacts " and " messaging " functions with much better versions , that do far more . the " contacts+" , which includes " call log+" does everything i wanted , in that i can instantly see a call log for any contact . the fact that " contacts+" does a whole lot more beyond this is also fantastic , but it does exactly what i wanted , so job done . i hope this may help others looking for the same missing ( removed ) feature , which because of how i use my phone , i would find hard to live without .
i completely agree with solar . generally a simple game like 2048 , smash it do not require any graphics processor to process the game so it runs very smoothly . whereas high end games like asaphalt 8 , fifa 2014 , blood zombies hd require some serious graphics to be processed during the game play . although some times the game may even start but later your phone will not be able to process the graphics with just 200 mb of ram and no gpu on board the device . your game is starting only because you are having high processing speed i.e. 1.2ghz if you want to play blood zombies hd you need to have the following 1 ) 1.2 ghz processor to run the game smoothly ( single core ok but quad core would be good ) 2 ) hd screen with 720x1280 screen resolution . ( if at all you really want hd or else you can ignore ) 3 ) gpu adreno 305 or any other processor from other company like nvidia . ( as your phone has a separate graphics card it will handle all your games with ease ) 4 ) 2000 mah battery to last the phone for 1 day ( if it is less ok but your game itself will consume the whole battery ) 5 ) good touch screen ( or else you will end up where touch will not respond to your input during the game ) 6 ) last but not the least 2-3 gb on board storage space ( the os will occupy around 500 mb -1gb storage space and you will not only play 1 game or use a single application you must have some space for other apps as well ) note:-with present phone you cannot do that level of game which you want to play . if you want then go for another phone with the above features ( based on the region /country you could many budget phones ) .
i am sorry to say this , but the samsung galaxy ace has a lower end processor as well as a small amount of ram . although your device meets the requirements , its specifications do not allow it to run well . games like blood zombies hd require higher performing devices with a satisfactory gpu . your phone cannot handle games like these .
scroll up on the top right corner click the manage apps button and then click clear then press on setting disable all the useless app , restar your phone and then you are ready to go
yes it is possible . you have to install one application from market . there is an option to send all contacts via bluetooth or email . but i do not see any option to send a group of contacts in android system . there is an application called go contacts with which we can group the contacts and send it via email , sms or bluetooth . its a free application available on android market .
if your phone is rooted you can use link2sd : play store link home page but you will have to partition your sd card first using mini tool partition wizard and here 's the tutorial on how to partition your sd card this can move immovable and -of course- movable apps more efficiently than app2sd and saves more space because normal moving moves a small part of the app to sd card , while link2sd moves a big part of the app ( but not all of it ( user experience ) ) if your phone is not rooted : 1 . market apps : you can not know because market downloads apps and installs them instantly . 2 . apps which you have their apk you may find out by looking in the manifest . xml file inside the apk in android:installlocation="auto " as @rafael said .
if you have install . apk file you can open it ( eg . by apktool ) and in androidmanifet . xml file should be sth like android:installlocation="auto " if you cannot find that , app can be only install on device
separate widget app may be available in case when wigdet covers only a small subset of the main application functionality . however , for the weather app and weather app widget the main difference is the screen representation , the processing routines are almost the same . i am sorry to say , but it is very unlikely to find the weather application with the separate widget . moreover , with the froyo/eclair moving into the obsolescence quite steady and newer version of android having " unlimited " app storage in the range of 8-16gb , it is very unlikely the new developers will ever be inclined to make that kind of widget app .
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
menu -> go to labels -> drafts . it is really just a label .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
android comes with an email app that lets you use any pop3 , imap , or exchange account . talk can be replaced by meebo , ebuddy messenger , and many others . voice is a fairly unique service but some features can be sort of replaced -- you can use a sip phone number and an app like sipdroid for calls , or something like kik messenger for text-like instant messages ( think blackberry messenger ) . searching " maps " in the market shows several results that look promising , same with calendar . the email app is very , very buggy and low on features . i am confident there are other mail apps that are better though . on the other hand , talk is also pretty buggy ; i find ebuddy to be much better . and many people have problems with calendar . when it really comes down to it , a quality app is a quality app , whether google wrote it or not . android does not seem to be as biased toward google 's apps as windows was towards microsoft 's apps . my hodgepodge of google and non-google apps works well for me and i am sure you can get a set of apps that will work at least as well overall as google 's apps do .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
if your samsung lcd tv does not have dlna certified software or its not a dlna certified device , you will need allshare dongle . check your tv 's manual . if your tv is dlna certified , look its menu to use it . dlna was designed for simplicity . its truly plug-n-play . to use it , first connect both devices with same wi-fi network . make one device server and other one client . done !
first , i would start by ensuring that the apn settings are correct . a different sim card from another carrier could have overwritten them . you can access these by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Wireless &amp; networks -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access Point Names and then tapping on the selected one to edit it . the correct settings are sometimes listed on your carrier 's website . at worst you may need to call their support line . while you are there , make sure under " network operators " option your provider is selected . after making the changes toggle the airplane mode on and off to re-connect to the mobile network . try dialing the following number in the dialer app : *#*#2432546#*#* ( spells out " checkin " between the stars and pounds ) and see what it comes back with .
instant upload is a feature of google+ , which uploads the photos you take with your camera to a private photo folder on google+ for easy sharing . this option allows you to enable/disable this feature , but it can also be controlled from other google apps like google+ and google settings . more info sync internet means syncing your browser history , bookmarks , form input data and other settings on chrome . this requires that you use the same google account on all instances of chrome that you want to sync . i am not certain if this feature syncs the data also to the stock browser , but it is possible .
not sure why that happened , but i got rid of the problem by making 2 things : performed full format of the sd card , and safely eject sd card before reboot of poweroff ( not sure if it is necessary ) after that , i did not see this problem again for now . update that crappy phone sometimes damages sd card content regardless of whether the techniques written above are used . . . it seems to be a device-specific problem . so , my advice ( if anyone else reads this ) - do not buy " no-name " chinese phones ! :d
a female-to-female usb adaptor can not fill the role of a usb-on-the-go cable . a device that uses usb-otg has the usb hardware and the drivers needed to act as a usb host or a usb peripheral . the wiring of the usb-otg cable tells the device which role to act in . ( the host side has two pins wired together , but the peripheral side does not . ) most usb peripherals do not have the required hardware or software to act as a usb host . the samsung galaxy tablet 2 7.0 does , but it needs a correctly wired adaptor so that it knows it is supposed to be acting as a host . samsung makes and sells a 30-pin to usb host adaptor , so you might be able to find one at your local electronics shop .
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
youtube itself does not provide any way to download videos for offline viewing ; any application that would let you do this would have to scrape the page to download the flv ( flash video ) file , and then let you play the file on the phone ; this might violate the terms of service for youtube . basically , there probably is not a way to do this , at least no legitimate way .
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
if you visit the market page for battstatt , the developer 's site for battery left widget , and this motorola owners ' forum thread you will start to notice a theme . several motorola phones do not report their battery levels in increments of 1% .
most likely it is a battery saving feature . polling the battery state too often will drain it quicker , so manufacturers adjust the polling periods to sacrifice accuracy for better battery life .
i do not have an htc one , but i use go sms pro which is a third party sms/mms app that has a easy setting in there to only show a " new message " notification instead of actually showing the message 's contents . you said you did not want another application , so you might be able to look through the settings of the default messaging app on the one and see if there is something similar . if not , i highly recommend go sms pro to solve this issue and several others .
try to clear data and cache . settings --> apps --> select google player ( click on it ) --> clear data and cache and just turn off sync with google play music ( this may be the cause of your issue ) .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
figured it out myself . while i had uninstalled the previous drivers through the control panel , and uninstalled through the device manager what i needed to do was uninstall through the device manager and check the delete check box before reinstalling . all works fine now .
yes , assigning a google account to a phone would incur data charges unless syncing is disabled as it will regularly sync calendars , email , etc . even so , other data related services may come into play ( eg , play store app update checking and downloading ) .
this depends on two factors . settings > wireless and network settings > mobile networks data enabled , if that is checked , all internet data goes through the telephony layer and treated as internet data . the other spot is in - settings > accounts and sync settings - background data and auto-sync are checked , it will chew up the bandwidth ( provided data enabled is checked from the previous spot above ) then yes , data charges will increase .
awesome drop can be used to accomplish this for smaller files . install the app https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dashwire.drop on your computer , open their site , enter the pairing code and drop files into the browser . it is pretty slick and easy to use . i use dropbox for most of my needs , it does not sync to my phone , but works for having files i want , close at hand .
use pushbullet this is the best way i found to do it . it has a web interface , a chrome extension and a firefox extension . it lets you push files , notes , lists , urls and addresses . it is only limitation is filesize under 10mb .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows you to push files to your android device over xmpp . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
gtalksms is able to send , browse and receive files from your android phone via xmpp ( gtalk ) . it is also a remote sms notifier and has various other features . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i wrote an app called browser to phone . my app is similar to chrometophone , but it allows you to actually download the links to your phone : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.wiirecords.chrometophone
dropbox and ubuntu one has android client . foxtophone has a hidden feature to push arbitrary file from firefox to your phone .
in cyanogenmod at least , plugging a phone into your computer will make it offer to turn on usb mass storage , which exposes the sd card as writable . that is about as " drag and drop " as one can get . post specifics on your phone if you do not get this prompt . opinion : with data plans no longer being unlimited in the us , why not use a cable ?
found it . there is a direct dial widget you can add from the applications/widgets menu . when you select this , it prompts you to choose a contact . there are also shortcut widgets for direct message , open contact , etc .
you google apps will work exactly the same as before ; either they will be prepackaged with cm or you will download an update pack that will install them for you . battery/radio/gps issues are mostly related to specific hardware . you had have to check the cm forums and wiki for your phone model to answer that one . compatibility is an issue for some apps , but in the vast majority of cases the answer to this will be no ( and in fact , some apps are compatible with cm but not with stock roms ) . you can most definitely still use the phone to develop apps : ) the nice thing with flashing a new rom is that you can go back to the stock experience anytime you like , either by making a backup or downloading the stock rom and keeping it around to flash later if you want it . so you are not really risking anything except some time invested in fiddling the roms .
same problem here . with 2 nexus 7s , one did not sync and the other did . the google drive app seems to be the curlpit . after uninstalling and reinstalling drive sync started working properly .
the solution was to reboot the phone . the com.fsck.k9 directory is now visible on the top level of the phones file system .
i have a similar profile for nighttime and i do not use an exit task . since the task only runs during the time span you specify , it should shut off by itself once it is 7:30am .
according to this page , if you need to connect to the device with adb then you will have to connect to adb via tcp . to enter adb tcp mode enter adb connect &lt;device-ip-address&gt;:5555 to go back to adb over usb enter adb usb
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
the install fail is likely due to your system being read only . if you use es explorer , select tools and root explorer , and remount system to rw and try to install again . also make sure your launcher ( if it allows hiding icons ) is not hiding your contacts app
i have experienced the same issue on my galaxy s2 ( android version 2.3.5 ) . it was cause by youtube , not the call app . when i saw the log related to youtube , i tried to start youtube by touching its icon , but it failed to start . you can try to see if you can start youtube now . then i went to " settings/application/manage applications " and found " youtube " . cleared its data and cache . now try to start youtube again . if it cannot start , check if you has disabled data sync . enable it in " settings/account and sync/background data " . try to sync your data to allow youtube to update . after youtube is updated , it should be ok for the call app to work properly . hope this can also fix your problem . cheers .
just did all the necessary steps on my n7: download the factory image from google unpack the downloaded file ( e . g . by tar -xvzf nakasi-jdq39-factory-c317339e.tgz ) boot your n7 into the bootloader ( hold the power and both volume buttons ) have fastboot installed ( comes with the sdk or for ubuntu , just install android-tools-fastboot ) connect it to your machine flash it using flash-all . bat or flash-all . sh ( needs installed fastboot ) here 's the transcript ( using ubuntu ) :
i have a galaxy note 2 . i opened a new message and at the top of the screen is a keyboard symbol . i pulled down the screen to then be able to " choose input method " which i tapped on . i then tapped " set up input methods " and tapped the settings icon next to " samsung keyboard " which then allowed me to de-select predictive text . i have now been able to customise my settings a little .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
my phone has spontaneously changed to this configuration on the lock screen . i would like to get back to the previous configuration of the clock at the top and the full size pattern lock . it is impossible to drag or otherwise change the position of the widgets or pattern lock dots on the lock screen . once unlocked , there is no interface to adjust the lock screen widgets . galaxy s4 sgh-m919 , android 4.2.2 , touchwiz . does anyone know how to configure this aspect of the lock screen ?
it was added in a recent update as a pro-only feature . Edit schedule -&gt; when finished -&gt; Sync to Dropbox 
in my experience , titanium backup didnt work like what i wanted it to do . so now i use realsync pro , witch automatically syncs all photos from phone to dropbox each time i am on my home wifi network . works great ! get it here .
titanium backup does not have this feature yet . but , you can do this to automate it : install dropsync . link titaniumbackup directory ( whatever it is ) with a folder on dropbox . configure auto sync interval of dropsync to whatever you want ( scheduling ) . done ! free version of dropsync allows only one directory sync which is enough for this job . i have been using dropsync for 5 months and i have not faced any issues yet .
apps on android do not change their icon to show that there are new notifications , the notifications appear in the notification bar at the top of the screen instead , so that they are always available at a glance , even when you are running other apps . in android apps manage their own notifications , so to change whatsapp 's notification settings you need to open the whatsapp app , and then press your device 's menu button ( or press the ... ellipses icon in the top right of the screen ) then select settings and then select notifications , you can then see the various options that whatsapp has for alerting you about different types of messages .
if it is a supported device , then this should basically be the process as it is the same for every supported device i have experienced . put the cyanogenmod update zip file on the device sdcard ( or internal storage ) also put the google apps update package that corresponds to the cm version on the sdcard boot the device in to recovery mode you can create a backup in the recovery image ( probably clockworkmod recovery ) clear the cache and wipe the data install zip from sdcard ( selecting the cyanogenmod zip ) install zip from sdcard ( selecting the google apps zip ) reboot the device . if you have rom manager , a lot of this process may even be easier . with rom manager , which can also install clockworkmod recovery if it is supported on the device , you can download cyanogenmod , the google apps package , clear the cache and user data , and perform the backup . it will then reboot the device and perform all those steps . now , as i said , i am not 100% sure that cm is supported on this device , so there may be other steps required to get an unofficial version working on the device . with that said , samsung devices are usually pretty easy to get back to the stock version if something goes wrong ( soft brick ) . it is pretty hard to brick these devices , i have had a couple scares , but i have always been able to revert back to original stock rom by using odin .
i have been using lux lite and it works well for me . lux is not your ordinary brightness app . it intelligently adjusts the brightness of your display based on the environment you are in . if you step into a dimly lit room , lux will automatically lower the brightness of your display to make it not only comfortable to read , but to also preserve battery power . lux is also able to adjust the screen temperature of your display automatically to make it appropriate for night usage . at sunset , you can have lux automatically warm your display and switch to your night profile . if you are an astronomer , you can enable astronomer mode to cut out harsh white light . if you have a root enabled phone , you may even be able to apply these enhancements at a low level with lux 's plug-in system . perhaps the best thing about lux is that you can teach it how to behave . if the backlight is too bright or dim for your liking , simply open the provided dashboard , adjust the brightness slider to the level you desire , then hold the link button . lux will use this new ' link ' as a reference in future .
provided you are rooted and your rom supports changing the boot animation , there are a number of apps in the play store . here 's one - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
i say go to play store , when you will open my apps section the backed up apps will be downloaded automatically . make sure that you are connected to wifi or 3g .
no , it is entirely possible to buy from the play store several times a day . if this were not the case , the microtransaction-based games industry would be in huge trouble ! likely your first transaction tripped an intrusion detection algorithm at the bank . card-not-present ( cnp ) transactions get scrutinised more closely , and online purchases of digital goods even more so , because they are easier to use for fraudulent purposes . if you have never used google play with this card before , and especially if you have previously been a victim of card fraud , then the computers at the bank might have got suspicious . you need to call your card issuer to sort this out .
you could also produce a web application with gwt and deploy it natively to multiple devices using phone gap .
yes most android browsers support javascript quite well , and since gwt " translates " the java to javascript it should be fine . obviously it might require some tweaking to accommodate the screen formats . edit : note , it will be a web application , with all limitations that come with that
i would try ( volume down + power button ) . you need to press them at the exact same time , otherwise it will not work . also make sure you hold it down for a few seconds .
there is another way to take a screenshot without an app according to this article . open settings -> motion scroll down to hand motion enable palm swipe to capture
from your situation , the most likely cause is that the message centre is not set correctly . first , find out the correct setting from your carrier : it is probably on their website , or you can phone their support line and ask . once you know the correct setting , find the message centre option in the settings for the stock sms app , and set it correctly .
this looks like the file did not download properly . are downloading the file over wifi or mobile network ? if over mobile network , try wifi , and if wifi try mobile network . it looks like the file is corrupt and cannot be flashed - try opening the file on your computer or by using a file manager on your device . you can also try and use desktop update software .
hurrey ! after quite a bit of research i am now able to answer my own question . i was able to clean install jelly bean ( in opposite to the usual method of upgrading ) using official images posted by google . this obviously solved the issue . here are my instructions how to do this .
every app that wants to make files publicly available to other apps on an android device has to save to known shared location with read/write permissions to everyone ( or at least the apps that need to ) . this designated location is /mnt/sdcard on android and this is where the sd card or an internal equivalent ( emmc ) is accessible . reason : if multiple apps want to access some file ( e . g . pictures like g+ , upload service , gallery viewer ) they need appropriate rights to do so each app has its private storage section in /data/data/ [ app 's package name ] this section is private , i.e. /data/data/ [ packagename ] is not accessible to any other package for security reasons /mnt/sdcard or /mnt/emmc are the only sections with world read permissions ( and write permissions for those apps with an appropriate permission ) conclusion : an app that takes pictures to save them in its private area would not be beneficial for other apps . it needs to write to /mnt/sdcard where other apps suppose shared data that is accessible to them . solutions : buy an sd card , it is cheap i you have root , you could fake mount a tmpfs file system ( mount -o tmpfs none /mnt/sdcard ) , this solution and all the data on saved to it will however not survive a reboot of your phone for the record : above said is not 100% correct but i think suitable for answering the question .
i could see camera ics , a free app in google play store . it is feature list says " configurable storage source ( internal/sd card ) " ( imho meaning " internal storage / sd-card" ) which is what i think you want . update : please read the chain of comments for this answer . for clarification on what the developer of this application meant by word " internal " , i got the following as a reply : thanks for asking . no , this feature is only for new devices that have /mnt/sdcard on internal memory and also have an external sd card . thought it will be useful for some one
what you need to do is to enter the account information on the new tablet . it should ask you for it ( along with the other stuff like the time and date ) when you first power the device up . alternatively , it will ask you for it when you open up the play store/market app on the device . there is no need to remove the previous device from your account nor is there any way to . you can have at least 10 devices associated to the same google account at the same time . also , the device will automatically get removed from your account after it has not been in contact with the play store for about 9 months .
this device is not listed in google 's list of devices supported by google play . not all android devices have ( or can run ) google play : android is open-source , so anyone can make an android device , but only those certified by the open handset alliance are allowed the google apps and google play . it does not seem likely you will be able to use google play with this device . the manufacturer 's website looks like it was made by children , and shopnbc is the only retailer that advertises the device . i would suggest you stop buying tablets that are cheaply made for shopping channels and buy one from a reputable manufacturer .
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
on cm go to settings > applications open the application you want to restrict . scroll down to the permissions section and strike off internet access by clicking on the permission . alternatively you could use an application like lbe privacy guard to restrict access . with this method you can restrict any permission . sometimes apps start force-closing when you revoke permissions so be careful !
i just saw that you do not want to block the calls , but send to voicemail . my mistake . as easy as one , two , three : ) call settings -> blacklist -> small icon at the bottom corner -> private numbers that is for cm-10.2.0 might be a little different if you have another version , but you get the idea .
depending on the device ( and root method ) , the su binary ( which gives your device root ) is usually located in /system/xbin/ or /system/bin/ directory , while the Superuser.apk ( which acts as a gate keeper , presenting you with a dialog when apps request root permissions ) is always in /system/app/ . the /system partition does not get cleared by the factory reset process , so it is safe to perform while still retaining root .
you can install airbubble on your android , which works as a speaker using apple 's airplay ( daap ) protocol . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bubblesoft.android.airbubble pulseaudio can be configured to stream to any airplay receiver - check this answer for details on setting that up : http://superuser.com/questions/331126/how-can-you-stream-music-from-ubuntu-to-airplay-speakers-on-your-network-with-ub with airbubble running , it should show up as a speaker option in the ubuntu sound menu .
ubuntu has built ubuntu one mobile for that very purpose . the service is free to try for one month , then $3.99/month ( or $39.99 yearly ) . it is worth mentioning that the paid account gives you 25gb of storage and unlimited streaming for devices running android 2.1+ , ios 3.1+ as well as windows xp , vista and 7 ( and there are rates for additional storage ) . ( for those who do not wish to stream music , ubuntu one provides 5gb of cloud storage for free . )
check out subsonic . www.subsonic.org it has its own app in the market and should play nice with phone calls . takes about 2 seconds to setup on an internal only network and 3 min to access it from anywhere .
you could try bluetooth , either by an adapter or a new set of speakers .
yes ! there is an app called remote audio which tunnels your computer 's audio output over either ssh or 1 or 2 other protocols . i just installed it and have not set it up yet , but i plan on using it alongside a remote vnc connection to my desktop at home so i can use energy xt remotely to sequence song ideas from wherever in the world i happen to be . = ) i am sure the ubuntu thing works awesome for music , and probably involves a simpler set-up , but this will stream any sound your computer makes , and it is free ( and works with any *nix system ) . the rhythembox thing you posted about would work awesome too , but you need to set up an icecast media streaming server first .
i use the old winamp shoutcast streaming server tools . then use one of the apps that play shoutcast stations . winamp ( official app , but shoutcast streaming still in development as of 11/8/2010 ) or xiialive ( appbrain link ) .
have you thought of an upnp av approach ? the protocol allows streaming of media between various devices in the same network ( e . g . wifi ) . there is a large variety of servers and clients for all the oses . for example , mediatomb is a well-known media server also available for ubuntu . for playback on the phone you could use allshare , which comes preinstalled on some phones , or a free client like bubbleupnp or skifta .
the zipoutputstream class will help you . there is an example of creating a zip file in the documentation .
i do not really understand your question , but if you are developing an app and you want to zip files with it , the following article might help you : http://www.jondev.net/articles/zipping_files_with_android_(programmatically)
androzip might help you with that
this might seem like running in circles , but try downloading and installing the " uninstaller " app http://www.appbrain.com/app/uninstaller/com.rhythm.hexise.uninst and use that to remove super manager . i can not speak on super manager itself , but i know i have run into problems with not being able to uninstall things before , and this app has helped out . then , once super manager is gone , you can just uninstall the uninstaller app and you are no worse for the wear . good luck !
it was enough flashing the device with ruu_buzz_froyo_htc_wwe_2.22.405.1_radio_13.55.55.24h_3.35.20.10_release_160191_signed . exe
your touch screen needs to replace now . please contact nearest sony service centre .
what is the version of your os in s1 ? if you are at least on froyo , that should be doable for some applications . note that not all can be moved to sd . if you are on eclair i believe you can not do this . s plus is on gingerbread so it should work fine .
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
consider taking at look at the following link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html input keyevent KEYCODE_HOME
you need to modify the ro.build.display.id= field in the file called build . prop within your rom .
you generally do not need to root the phone to install the custom rom , you have to root the phone to install a mechanism to install the custom rom ( such as a custom recovery image ) . some phones have unlockable bootloaders - you can flash boot and system . img files via the bootloader without the need to root . you can also flash a custom recovery image using fastboot without being rooted . you would need to install a custom recovery as the stock recovery checks that the update zip is signed - and most custom rom zips are not signed . you might need to root to install a custom recovery image if your device does not support fastboot , but generally you do not need to - it just comes with the image you install . samsung devices have download mode - no need to be rooted to use that , you just need odin . if i connect the phone to a pc then does not that give me access to the entire file system of the device ? if so , then why can not i just overwrite the relevant parts of the fs with whatever rom i want ? no , it does not . it gives you read only access , so you can not overwrite files in the /system directory . root can be used to make /system read-writeable .
short answer : for security and warranty reasons . detailed answer : this is mostly a precaution taken by most ( not all ! ) device manufacturers to save them from too many service requests from " playing kiddies " ( and the sort of people who want to try everything , even if they are not understanding anything ) . so those manufacturers took special actions to avoid " custom roms " ( or , more precisely , any roms not provided by themselves ) to be flashed . as t0mm13b already pointed out in his comments above , by default you do not get physical access to your devices file system simply by connecting it via usb . depending on device , android version , and some more criteria , you get only to see parts . this might be the entire sd card ( physical , in ums mode ) , or even only " logical " access to parts of it via mtp . some more privileged access can be gained via adb when enabling usb debug -- but with a stock rom , in none of these cases you gain full access . now how are updates accomplished then ? one very common practice is the use of a special zip file ( update.zip ) . this is placed on the sd card , which is inserted into the device , and the device is booted into a special mode ( recovery ) , where the update.zip can be applied from . but : the device checks the integrity of that update.zip -- it must be signed with the manufacturers key . for obvious reasons , that key is not freely available -- so no custom rom can be installed this way on such a stock system . all these things can be circumvented only with super-user access to the device -- which means : you must root it . so that is for the why part -- while not handling the how part of rooting . exactly as you asked for : ) update for even more details as liam pointed out in his comment that using fastboot would be a method to flash custom roms without the pre-condition of having the device rooted , i did a little more research to find out about this . i will continue looking into this , but still already wanted to add my first results here . up to a certain point , liam is right with this : it seems not only valid to samsung devices ( as i assumed first ) , but some other devices ( not all ) also support this method , without root being involved ( aside from the fact that most custom roms will ship rooted , of course -- so you will have root available after installing them ) . however , there are devices which seem to require root even for fastboot flash ( see e.g. theunlockr concerning the iconia a100 , quote : you must have rooted your device before doing this procedure . -- and yes , they use fastboot flash recovery recovery.img afterwards ) . however , even if fastboot works for your unrooted device , there is one crucial point to consider : to flash a rom for your android device with fastboot you must have an unlocked bootloader or an engineering bootloader ( flashing guide - android - xda-developers ) which means : if your bootloader is locked , you need to unlock it first , which will wipe ( factory-reset ) your device . so all data will be gone for good this way -- while with root you could have done a complete backup ( nandroid , titanium backup ) before this step . however , starting with android 4.0 , this is no longer a real problem -- as you can do a full backup via adb ( see : full backup of non-rooted devices ) summary : there are devices requiring to be rooted before you can flash a custom rom . if your device falls into this category , the reasons for why is root access required to flash a custom rom are those mentioned above . however : there are also devices which can be flashed using fastboot without being rooted before . if your device falls into that category , the question why is root access required to flash a custom rom becomes invalid ( the answer not , as ex falso quodlibet sequitur ( "from false can follow anything" ) you can draw any conclusion from a wrong premise : ) that is : if rooting is required , the above is why .
everything seems to be working fine now . even before the upgrade , it worked intermittently . but since the upgrade , it seems to be solid . running version 2.3.2 .
well , like the other forum i would also say there is just no problem with using two or more devices over a single gmail account . i remembered you said that " local mail servers and gmail server"data gets deleted . i think that might happen because of something else i.e. not related only with the gmail account . do one thing try factory resetting your device and then try putting the gmail account back in place and see if that again disappears or not ! ps : make sure you backup your data before moving forward with the factory resetting .
1 : yes , android does have many partitions as mentioned here 2 : by default it is locked unless you unlock it as mentioned here 3 : yes , it must be unlocked as mentioned in xda-developers 's flashing guide 4: a : no you do not have to b:it depends on your vendor . 5:yes , it can as mentioned in xda-developers 's root i9100g 6:it might brick your phone but for me it stopped in the middle and it did not brick .
to answer your questions individually : not all handsets have those partitions - sony has boot and recovery combined into one . most bootloaders are locked by the appropriate manufacturer . some are willing to allow you to unlock the bootloader through their website ( check with that first ) yes , the bootloader must be unlocked , that is to enable the overwriting of the boot loader with a custom kernel , in some cases , see sony above , if overwriting the boot , you are hosed ! see 3 above . for 4 and 5 , the ics has a different method of exploiting root unlike previous versions , zergrush is the latest for gingerbread , as for ics and later , not 100% sure . as for bricking , now , let 's clear up something , bricking is a wrong terminology to use . the only true way of bricking is , doing a firmware update , and halfway through that process , pull the cable . . . you are well and truly hosed . by firmware definition , i am not referring to rom updates mind you , its more of hardware update - think of bios updates on desktop pcs , then you are not far off the mark there , such as radio firmware . the problem is the word brick has become a common parlance among new beginners to android and often associated with the ' rooting process ' , and that is fud . think about it , a brick used to build a wall , that is a brick . phones can be brought back from the dead so to speak with specialized jtag cables and stripping down the phone to the circuitary level ( some have it accessible to avoid stripping down ) . that is a hardware-brick - can only happen with the above scenario in firmware update - pull the cable halfway through or even , attempting to do a firmware update when the battery is &lt ; 5% and the battery dies , that is another way . that is why it is recommended to have the battery have sufficient charge capacity > 85% prior to doing a firmware update . soft brick on the other hand - is commonly associated with boot-loops , incorrect rom flashing . that is salvageable . you will know if a brick has happened , phone is dead , no power , not responding with a fully charged battery . if on the other hand , you see a boot logo appear , and responds to power , leds lights on , its not bricked . that is a very simple but important concept to understand to aid in distinguishing when doing the procedures such as rooting it , updating roms .
single user boot is a feature of the init daemon ( initd , like sysvinit ) and not the linux kernel . since android only shares the kernel with linux and not the init process , a genuine single user boot can not be achieved . android has something that is called " recovery mode " , but it is not exactly the same as a single user boot on an unix system . the approach of recovery mode on android is different because instead of trying to repair the bricked/broken system , on simply can re-flash the rom or perform a factory reset , which will hopefully restore the systems functionality . about the init used : android uses just a script called init.rc , which gets started by the kernel and is used to start further services . you can view the current source of init.rc here . it supports no runlevels .
iirc , there is a equivalent of a single mode in android , when powering up , hold down the menu key , android boots into ' safe mode ' a lá windows safe mode . this will vary with manufacturers and their stock roms .
as per a brief introduction single user mode , also referred to as maintenance mode and runlevel 1 , is a way of running linux or another unix-like operating system that uses minimal system resources and provides only minimal functionality . single user mode can be useful for checking and repairing operating systems , particularly those that have been damaged and will not allow booting ( i.e. . , starting up ) into the default gui ( graphical user interface ) or console ( i.e. . , text-only ) multi-user mode . source : the linux information project - how to change to single user mode to answer your question with android , the equivalent of a low runlevel , as to perform critical operations with minimal system resources , is rooting . from the wikipedia - rooting ( android os ) : as android was derived from the linux kernel , rooting an android device is similar in practice to accessing administrative permissions on linux or any other unix-like operating system . references : since what you are actually seeking is a way to root your device and gain the maximum allowed privileges over it , you can refer to this links : internal links how do i root my device ? external links life hacker - the always up-to-date guide to rooting the most popular android phones
in google play store , click the My Play activity link . source .
it should pop up when you hold the menu button . i do not know if this works on tablets with android 3.0 or higher but it will work on android 2.1 , 2.2 and 2.3 . good luck !
it should pop up when you tap on a text box . if it does not , does there appear a small keyboard icon in the bottom right corner ?
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
i found this answer useful . it might help you with what you are looking to accomplish : log file locations as an alternative , there is an app that can help you analyze logs : alogcat ( free ) - logcat
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
i have occasionally seen a new ( or factory reset ) n7 refuse to appear on a pc until you change the storage mode to camera then back to mtp . from memory ( i do not have my n7 to hand ) go to settings , storage , tap the three dot menu and there is an option to change the storage mode there .
most likely a hardware issue . i recommend you get your device repaired by sending it to google/asus .
a vast majority of it . my device says i have up to 5gb of internal storage that i can use . additionally you can throw in an sd card . in my experience about 98% of the apps on the market will work on your rooted ( stock ) nook color . if you flash cyanogenmod 7 or similar , then they all should work . if you remain with stock , there are some minor quirky issues because there are a few things missing from the os . for example , trying to create a " shortcut " will cause a force close .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
i had a similar issue with my nexus 4 after flashing the factory images what fixed it for me was going into [ stock ] recovery and selecting clear cache and doing a factory wipe , that seemed to fix the partition sizes oh also check to see that you have the latest bootloader on the device too , check out https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images for the most recent factory images
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature ­– without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
if you are using apex launcher , i remember that you can disable scrolling wallpaper in apex settings , just try to find this option yourself . fyi : touchwiz launcher does not have scrolling wallpaper from jelly bean up .
i use wallpaper wallpaper wizardrii™ from google play store which exactly matches your requirement . you can find details in the app 's wiki .
option 1 . i will explain the setup i am using for past couple of years over various devices . i use swiftp in android to make a ftp server . this project is abandoned now , but the apk works on 4.2 jellybean ( not sure about 4.3 ) . or as an alternative you can setup a ftp server via most file managers these days , eg solid explorer . setup a username and password for the ftp server and start ftp server in the phone . then i use filezilla in the pc ( which is on same wi-fi network as the phone ) and connect with the credentials to the ftp server set up on the android phone/tablet . this will enable you to transfer files from pc to phone and viceversa . option 2 . use airdroid . simple to setup and easy to use . i will recommend this over ftp server . good luck .
for all that they have improved the facebook app for android lately , it is still woefully underpowered . i do not see any way to filter anything within the app .
you will need to filter it through the web interface , then you will not see them in the fb app .
most of the difference you see is likely the result of an addition to jelly bean ( initially in 4.1 and tweaked a bit in 4.2 and 4.3 ) called project butter . it basically consisted of vsyncing all graphics , using triple buffering , synchronizing touch response with the vsync , and working to predict and prepare for your next action . those seem like small things , but they make a considerable difference . you can see a slow-motion side-by-side comparison here . both devices are galaxy nexuses , one with ics and the other with jb 4.1 . the difference is rather striking , especially with the quick contacts demonstration at 0:45 . as such , the new smoothness is not going to depend so much on the hardware but on how much the device manufacture has tinkered with things , such as with htc and samsung using their own sense and touchwiz uis rather than google 's stock one , and thus benefiting less from butter .
here is the free version of maps . me if you cannot afford buying the pro version . you can download . apk file directly to pc via apkleecher but you can not download maps of countries . you should install . apk to the mobile and then download required country 's map .
have you checked with maps . me — world offline maps ?
you may have to contact the words with friends developers and request that they restore your purchases . they should restore automatically if you are logging into app with the same credentials however , some developers tend not to use this method so you have to buy the packs again . it is an easy way to make a few extra dollars . the fact you are getting the message that you have already purchased the pack is a good sign . get a hold of the developers and see if there is anything they can do .
maybe you could try changing to the install location to usb storage . it is already detecting it as usb storage , so maybe this would work . by the way , have you got a memory card inserted ?
i had a similar issue where i could not figure out what was taking up my phone 's storage . i used an app called diskusage to visualise the issue and find the folder causing the problem .
when i was developing two years ago i altered the gps settings on the device and they started outputting . txt files to the sd card . this made no sense to me and after looking into it if an application installed has this issue it will persist until the application is removed . i can not remember the folder location . i want to say /sdcard/gps/* but here is a reference if this was the issue : sd card fills up with gps/* . txt files
first of all , this is all going to depend on what you are operating on . if you are on a ota update ( stock rom ) , it may or may not be included ( which i can not tell you if it is or not , based on that i have never used a stock rom ) , but if it is included , it would be under the developers options menu . custom roms , like the one that i am using , do include the option to switch to art on the same device you are asking about ( specifically , grouper , or the 2012 nexus 7 ) , but that is not to say all custom roms will include the feature . it all depends on what the developer of the rom has included in it . google 's ota update might not have this feature included because of , at this time , it is still a work in progress . if it is not in the developer 's options yet , be patient , wait a while for them to implement the use of arm more universally , and then make the switch . if you do not know how to get to the developer 's options menu , then maybe your knowledge base of android should be aged some before rushing into asking " why it is not included " when it very well could be .
i just submitted a bug report to android issue tracker . maybe we will receive some feedback from developers : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=62375
it looks like the current ota update to 4.4 is missing the runtime switcher for the 2012 version of the nexus 7 .
apparently art is only available for snapdragon-based devices . i can switch the runtime on n4 , n5 and new n7 which are all based on snapdragon but not on the first gen n7 ( tegra 3 ) and n10 ( exynos ) . it is plausible to make such restriction ( because it can break the system ) if the devs are not tested it enough on devices other than snapdragon . and we all know that art is still experimental and not production ready . therefore , " fragmentation " does not apply here .
try reinstalling fastboot driver while in fastboot open device manager expand android there should be one device right click uninstall uncheck " delete driver software " click on pc with magnifying glass ( in toolbar ) if not fixed , repeat , but check delete driver ( you may need to download it )
are you rebooting the device into the bootloader and entering fastboot usb on the bootloader menu ? try : adb reboot bootloader then , look for on-screen instructions to enter fastboot mode .
problem solved . at the end i saw that drivers for android were not installed . i installed drivers from this site http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2126036 and device is visible by fastboot . one thing i do not understand is why adb saw device and fastboot not .
try way2sms.com. you have to subscribe or create an account with them , but then you can send unlimited messages through their gateway .
the only way to accomplish this is to use an online sms gateway , which means you send the message to the service provider via the internet , and they forward it to the recipient over sms . there are several service providers for this , but mostly they require a subscription , i.e. they are not free . just google for " sms gateway " to find them . some service providers have android app support , but this depends on your region and the selected service provider . note that most service providers do not allow you to use your own number as the sender , therefore the recipient may have a hard time replying to you .
i have found that if i am using another app in the background that polls for location ( e . g . latitude in maps ) i tend to get much more accurate geo-tags in photos . ymmv , but perhaps if you know you are going to be shooting photos you can open up maps or similar first to start the process going . wrt your battery life question , leaving maps open tends to destroy my battery in a few ( 5-7 ) hours ( dinc 1 , known for horrible battery life anyway , even among android phones ) , especially if i am shooting a number of photos . when i know i am going to be using my phone in that manner i typically bring a second battery along , so that when i am done i can still make calls .
i am starting gpsfix before any app that use gps https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androidlab.gpsfix
when you click the " install " button on the app on the play store website , you should be prompted which device you want to use . if you are not seeing that , then i suspect you are using different google accounts on your devices .
assuming you are using the same google account on both devices to purchase and install apps from , it should prompt you for the device to install when you click the " install " button on the google play store website : you can even customize the names of your devices . on the main google play store website look for the " gear " icon on the top-right corner of the screen : click it and select the Settings option , which will bring you to the devices page : here you can click the Edit button , enter the name you wish and click Update . now the install prompt will use the names you have given your devices .
firstly , you need to write here model of your phone and firmware version . some examples from practice . lg optimus one . i did not realize very long time how to make google contacts from phone . it is simple . when you create contact there is on top of windows drop-down box , where are three items : Phone ( or PC Sync ) , SIM Google . it is obvious where each item saves contact data . default item is Phone . video how to create contact and select it is type . htc inspire 4g . default behavior is to create google contacts . but there is also drop-down menu where i can select SIM or Phone items . please look through your phone menus more thoroughly . also you can make contacts directly in web-interface of gmail . after small time they will be available in phone . and when you edit such contacts , they are edited on google server too . one thing you need to make such functionality available is to connect your phone and your google account .
google only keeps track of your google contacts . the contacts app on android allows other apps to provide data to it . that is how you get your skype etc . contacts on your phone but google can not know what they will be and can not sync them .
firmware update a firmware update usually brings to your device bug fixes or new features . this is good because insures your device security and readiness for a stable usage . after spending one hour trying to find a changelog for samsung firmwares , the best i could came up with was this website : samfirmware what is this ? the firmware page of sammobile is specially for the die-hard samsung owner . since firmware are country related , and i do not know yours , you can try to locate the firmware there : your new version : pda:lpd / phone:lpb / csc : lpd ( tmu ) marked at bold what is relevant to find that firmware . enter lpd in the search box and look at the column " csc " , than locate the row with the firmware released for your country . note : nonetheless , there is not much information available . there is also : this two websites provide a comprehensive list of the firmwares released : samsung galaxy s2 firmware updates via kies official releases compiled list how to update samsung i9100 galaxy s ii firmware locate your current firmware touch menu ; touch settings ; scroll to and touch about phone ; the software version will be displayed .
i have not tried it myself , but from what i am reading in forums , etc , apps organizer is a free app that does what you are looking for . when you select an app in a folder , it closes the folder . edit : update - i just tried out apps organizer . it does close the folder when you select something . the only problem is that it appears to only allow app shortcuts - not bookmarks , widgets , etc . there appear to be other apps ( folder organizer ) that are able to hold bookmarks , however .
is orbot a reasonable option ? does not do what you are describing but does protect your content . guardian has a decent number of encryption apps .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
i am using cyanogen 10 mod and there is an option to set " always on vpn " . i did not test it but it says " select a vpn to always stay connected to . do not allow any network activity unless vpn is connected . " not sure what version this was added in . i am on 10.1 on motorola xoom tablet cdma .
as for the " automatically connect to wi-fi nodes " part , the wi-fi ruler app is very good . it will automatically connect to aps , then it will actually try them to see if they have internet connectivity ( and blacklist them and try another one if they do not ) , automatically approve clickwalls ( panera , starbucks , . . . ) , save aps under different priority profiles , etc . combined with something that keeps a persistent tunnel going , this should be a solution .
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
just clear the text of the draft message , and it will automatically disappear
have you tried pressing and holding on the text of the draft message and then using the context menu to delete that single draft message ?
i was having this issue too . apparently google does not deem pptp secure enough , so they disable it from the " always on " menu .
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
my phone has no ambient light sensor and i had exactly the same problem . i have been using automateit , it is an application of similar vein to tasker/locale , except that there is a free version as well as a paid version . it can change brightness settings based on triggers , such as time of the day , or whether you are connected to your home wifi . the paid version allows you to combine multiple triggers into composite rules using and/or boolean logic .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
not sure what phone you have got but most of the higher end android phones have light sensors , and you can set the screen to adjust its brightness automatically depending on the ambient light at the time . if you have got the power bar widget on your home screen ( its one of the built-in android widgets since donut ) just tap the far-right brightness icon until it shows an " a " for automatic brightness . alternatively go into settings -> display -> brightness and tick the " automatic brightness " option .
here is a tutorial how to fix your alcatel the tutorial is a video on youtube its in spanish but dont worry i fixed mine even thoght i dont understand spanish ok here is the video link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxzycs6msma and here is the files you need to fix your phone https://www.mediafire.com/?gyhxb15ojb6dq6t try to watch the video first after you download the file unzip it to your desktop first thing you need to do is to shutdown your phone remove the battery and put the battery back into your phone press and hold the volume up button and turn on your phone then connect your phone to pc using the usb cable now open the folder you unziped to your desktop and double click romeo . cmd now you can see som thing like this type 1 and hit enter once you see press any key to return to home type 2 and hit enter again . . . . . . do that for all rest steps once you reach the 7 step your phone will restart unplug your phone from usb cable dont worry if it looks un usual now try to enter recovery mode and select recover user data once done reboot your phone and enjoy i hope this was helpfull
i think this link would help you out : http://lifehacker.com/5853519/how-do-i-fix-my-bricked-android-phone
first , make sure the apn settings on your phone are correct for your carrier . next , try cleaning the sim card 's and phone 's contacts . you should also try a different sim to rule out a broken card ( also try your current sim in a different phone . ) if the problem persists - then it is most likely a hardware issue with the phone 's sim card connector . you may want to get in touch with samsung to send the phone in for service . the sim card contacts on the phones are notoriously fragile , and can be easily damaged by using an adapter ( micro-to-nano for example ) that is either defective or simply improperly manufactured . if the adapter is not an exact fit , the contacts can get " caught " in the gap and bend or even break off during removal . it is possible this is what happened to the previous owner of your galaxy s4 . this type of damage is usually not covered by manufacturer 's warranty , but it will not hurt to try anyway . worst case - there are sim housing kits available for sale for the galaxy s4 , and ste-by-step replacement instructions on youtube . it is fairly easy to replace this module on your own .
not exactly that way , but you might wish to take a look at business tasks : business tasks ( click for larger image ) as the screenshot shows , you can put a contact as task , and then simply hit the phone symbol to place a call ( calls up the dialer ) . unfortunately , this seems to require the contact being in your contacts list . i have just tried to place a note with a phone number inside ; was not " clickable " . though that might be worth a ping to the devs , which are quite responsive and might be adding that feature in some way . alternatively , you might wish to take a look at number saver . according to this answer it automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it . until the business tasks devs put it in an update , a combination might do . cheap work-around might also be to put a contact shortcut on your homescreen . but again , this would require the person to be in your contacts list . finally , there is clipboard dialer : this little tool enables you to extract all phone numbers from what ever text is in your clipboard . it will present a list of all numbers it finds giving you an easy way to call , sms or create a new contact .
with google now just say , " google remind me to call 555-1234 at 2 pm "
instead of going the whole " multicast over reverse tethering " way , which to me , does not make any sense at all , you should evaluate if a vpn setup with multicast enabled ( plus optionally reverse tethering ) may be a solution to your problem . on a second thought : vpn + reverse tethering is basically " multicast over reverse tethering "
android magic not found in boot . img . giving up . i got similar error , when i tried with the rom . zip . then i extracted the zip file " unzip rom . zip " . which gave the following structure . then i extracted the boot . img . drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 9 2011 data/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 70 may 16 2012 installbusybox drwxr-xr-x 4 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 6 19:03 sdcard/ drwxr-xr-x 16 vramaraj sw-team 4096 nov 28 22:14 system/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 4073472 dec 2 22:27 boot . img -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 302938 dec 3 21:14 logo . bin -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 236601691 jan 31 22:18 rom . zip -rwxr-xr-x 1 vramaraj sw-team 6773 jan 31 22:18 split_bootimg . pl* drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:19 meta-inf/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 3477896 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-kernel -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 591679 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-ramdisk . gz drwxr-xr-x 2 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:21 ramdisk/
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
you can not run x86_64 binaries on an x86 system , regardless of whether it is real or emulated . you need to install an x86 binary of busybox .
your phone 's internal storage is not the sd card , it is the internal partition where all apps and app data goes to . there is an automatic decision to put excessive data somewhere else ( the sd card ) if an app is too big . your app was already installed to the sd card and you therefore have an option to move it back to the internal storage . there are mainly the following sections : /system - the firmware sits here . write protected . /data - all apps and app data goes here . /mnt/sdcard - this is your external sdcard . also referred to as external storage there are some other but the above 3 are the most important/interesting ones if free space in the internal section ( /data ) is low , android allows to move certain apps/data from /there to the sd card to free space .
are these newly added contacts ? if you are adding new contacts and adding them as " phone " contacts and not " google " contacts , and you have syncing on , it may be syncing your google contacts to your phone , and deleting the ones that are not google contacts . this happened to me a couple of times .
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
go to http://google.com/contacts from pc then log in and check your contact from there
it seems you cannot achieve this on built-in nook app . fortunately , you are using two android devices since there are many solutions for reading on android devices . install moon + reader under the assistance of dropbox on your android phone and nook color . you can also keep the same reading progress in this method . guide
i do not believe that functionality works yet . i have tried to sideload pdfs and plain . txt files and they do not register in " my library " or under " my files " and obviously they do not sync between my devices . i also can not find a web interface for loading non-nook files . i did a little searching around a couple months ago and i found a few unsubstantiated forum posts that claim that it is planned functionality but the android app currently only supports sideloaded epub files . if not , any ideas how i could accomplish this ( other than doing it manually which i currently do ) ? i would say your best bet right now is to do this outside the nook app . sideload ( or wait till jan for the market ) a pdf reader and dropbox or sugarsync onto your nook color to keep your pdfs synced and accessable . * for full disclosure : those dropbox and sugarsync links are my referral links so if you do not already have them and you use those links both you and i get some free extra storage ; o )
evernote will allow you to add pdfs to your notebooks . evernote is available for the nc as well as for android and ios . once the pdf is in a notebook , it'll sync via evernote .
there is currently no way to set a system-wide policy for this . some apps do support doing things on wifi only , however . here 's some info on the apps you mentioned : you can go into the browser settings and uncheck load images . gmail does not load images unless you view a message and click a button to display them . i believe the touiteur twitter client allows you to disable images .
i believe this could be done with tasker but it would be a very long and complex setup ( actually several ) and you had need to know the specific intents that turn the images off in each application .
according to a google support forum post , clearing search history feature is added on market 3.1 : open the market app , press menu > settings , and then touch " clear search history . "
historyeraser claims to be able to clear this for you . it can also clear youtube , maps , and earth dearch histories as well . i have not used it in a while , though . ( ever since i upgraded from 1.6 to cyanogenmod 6 ) .
from the home screen go to settings > applications > manage applications > all > market then choose " clear data . " this will erase your market search history . when you go back into the market it'll be like your first time . they will ask you to agree to the terms and condition again and then it'll be just like it was before without your search history . your app downloads and purchases list will still be there because that list is stored online in your google account .
for low gpu workloads , the only sensible metric is power consumption . if the frame time is always less than 1/60 s , then changes in frame time will not affect the visual appearance of the app , so neither frame time nor fps provide any useful information . you can not usefully measure power consumption from a user-space benchmark : you need either kernel hooks ( such as are used by the android battery use chart ) or a hardware power probe . note that it is important to measure the power consumption of the whole system , not just the gpu . it is almost always possible to shift work between the cpu and gpu , and you may find that certain gpu performance techniques actually increase cpu power consumption , so you need the total power in order to see the whole picture . note also that you need to measure the power consumption over all time , not just while the frame is rendering . consider two power policies : one always runs the gpu at full speed while there is work to do , but if the frame is quick to render , it is only for a very short burst ; the other turns down the gpu speed to reduce power consumption such that the frame is always ready just in time . sampling power use , or measuring it only while the frame is being rendered , will make the first policy look more power-hungry , but it might in fact use less power overall , because it can run in short bursts . in short , power profiling is a big topic , and choosing the right workload is only a small part of it . you really need to understand what you are trying to optimize for , and that is not always frame time .
this appears to have been added in v6.2.2 of the kindle fire 's system firmware . i updated today and there is now a fullscreen button at the far right of the bottom menu bar in the stock browser . pressing it hides the menu bar , the status bar , and the tab bar .
ok i found it : Go to the Contact. Do not press Edit. Hit Menu. Hit Options. Select Ringtone. Set Ringtone.  seems wacky that you do not edit the contact to change the ringtone .
i finally got it to work ! google . com ( and other websites ) refuse requests from hosts that does not have the date properly set on their device . at the first startup , i did not bother setting the date on my tablet ( on ios it sets automatically ) . after manually setting the tablet 's date and time , the error page is gone and i have access to all the google apps . edit . according to izzy , it was chrome itself that refused the connection , possibly because the certificate dates were not matching .
i would think that the following would probably be likely candidates : telephonyprovider settingsprovider ( maybe ) does the data network work if you reboot ? what if you restore with the " old sim " , then put in the new sim ?
[SMS/MMS/APN] Dialer Storage 2.2 .
i am not sure if you have a first question , or if i understand your first question . but , if you are looking for an app to read nfc tags , just search for " check nfc " in google play . there are a lot of apps there . if you want to enable the nfc on a device , go to Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; Networks &gt; More... &gt; NFC . this is also how you check if the device can read nfc . to answer your second question , please look at conor 's answer in this question : is it possible to use android beam between an android device and another nfc device ?
this is an account for syncing via syncml , a protocol used by ( e . g . ) funambol . in a test , i have already managed to sync some events using syncevolution as http-server , but currently i am not sure , wether ssl connections work as well . ( i have even started a question on that topic . )
as johnf already states in his answer , a nandroid backup would be the first step . basically , this creates an image of all partitions on your device ( read more in its tag-wiki ) . but this does not cover the sdcard ( s ) , which you would need to copy -- at least the internal , the external you could simply remove . now you have got your data backed up . but you still need to wipe your device . a factory-reset will not be enough for this , as it a ) still leaves traces which can be carved , and b ) might not even touch the sdcard . so for that , you might want to take a look at apps like nuke my phone , which safely wipe all data ( i.e. . not only delete the files , but overwrite everything with " garbage data" ) , so there is nothing left to recover . oh well , you can recover : simply restore the nandroid backup you initially created , copy back the data to your internal sdcard , and insert the external sdcard . et voila , you are done : )
you would need to root your phone and install a custom recovery in order to make a nandroid backup of your entire system . there are youtube videos on how to do this . please remember that there are risks in rooting and in flashing recoveries .
if you do not want to root ( as given in the other answers by @johnf and @izzy ) you can try an application called helium which can backup your apps and app data . a factory reset will remove all the data on your device . . . just make sure you check the backup to see that everything was indeed backed up before you do it .
not quite , no . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . when a package is upgraded ( that is , replaced with a new apk file with the same package name and a later version code ) , the old version is stopped , so that nothing from the app is running any more . the old apk file is removed and the new one replaces it , but the other uninstall actions are not performed : the private app data and default preferences are kept , and the uninstall broadcast is not sent . instead , a different intent is broadcast to tell any interested apps that the package has been updated . so while the old apk file is removed , the effect of an upgrade is quite different to uninstalling the old package and then installing the new one . in google play the situation can be a bit different if the developer has enabled delta updates ( called smart updates by google ) . in a delta update only the changes between the two versions are downloaded and applied to the existing apk . for example , if you have an app that is 15mb in size , and the developer decides to change the background image , you do not need to download the entire application again , you can just download the delta ( difference ) , which includes the new image . the old apk is then duplicated , the new content is injected to the copy of the old apk , and if successful the old apk is removed . the end result is the updated apk .
using the llama app , you can set up a “silent” profile with ring and notification volume set to zero , then add some people to the “noisy” contacts list in the profile to be able to hear rings from them ( not sure about sms ) . you can either select the needed profile manually , or add rules to switch them automatically ( according to the current time or any other events supported by llama — there are lots of automation possibilities there ) . note that in this case people who call you will just get no answer ( although your operator might support some form of call redirection after a timeout ) . other call blocking apps may have different behavior ( e . g . , immediately redirect unwanted calls to voicemail ) , but llama cannot do anything with incoming calls except silencing the ring .
i think ultimate call blocker free might be what you are looking for . you could also try some of these : call control call blocker
if you can not turn the phone on , you are screwed . i am not sure what you think the internal storage is apart from " electronics": it is a chip soldered to the main board of your phone . next time , try to make a backup before you get your phone wet . it is much easier that way .
internal storage does not not use the circuitry in the phone . there is no telling what is been fried , but an audible sound is not good . next time you drop your phone in water , let it dry before you try using it . plug the phone into a pc using it is data cable . if it mounts , extract the data . if it does not mount , check the pc 's device manager and see if any devices are showing up in the list that are not being recognized by your os . if there is nothing there , then you are pretty much out of luck .
the database file obviously is not encrypted , see : browser webview . db does not store hotmail password , but i can still auto log-in hotmail . why ? which shows the user was able to read data from its tables . but they are protected using " file permissions " -- so aside from root only the owner ( i.e. . the app ) has full access to them . you now will probably argue you said having rooted your device . so far , so fine . but did you use your " root powers " when trying to access those databases ? just having your device rooted does not mean all stuff automatically runs with root permissions ( see : do all applications run as root on my phone after rooting ? ) . the app you are using to open those files must itself have requested ( and be granted ) root permissions -- or they might get either no or only restricted permissions on files they do not own .
using ashell and asqlitemanager you can open and view this database and any others that are on your device
on my i9000 ( galaxy s ) this just means that something has changed the filesystem withing the phone like ext2> ext4 and the current kernel doesnt support it . . normally happens when flashing custom roms without checking the kernel requirements . . . . like i did :- ( the only way round it is to reflash using odin with a 512 . pit file and make sure you select re-partition . .
i think your internal sdcard was corrupted , you can try connecting the device to the pc in external disk mode and try formatting the sd card from windows .
i just had this same issue on my droid 3 after i installed a deoxded stock rom . i was able to install titanium backup , but could never access my backup directory . ended up that i never disconnected my phone from my pc and while connected it would not allow bidirectional access ( from pc and from phone ) . disconnected it from my pc and volia , my internal sd storage showed up .
it does sound like your internal storage has been corrupted , but i do not know if i would try to format it via your pc . this is not actually an " sdcard " , it is the internal storage on the device ( which is a sgh-t959 , not an i9000 ) . i would revert back to stock rom using odin and return the phone under warranty . if you are already having issue with the internal storage , i would want a new device . now i guess you could try and format it via your pc ( i dont know if you can even access it when its mounted via usb because i never mount it ) but i , personally , would not , i would get a new device . for reference , the i9000 is the international version of the galaxy s phones . none of the us carriers sell the i9000 . they sell different versions of the the galaxy s phones . for example , the t-mobile vibrant is the sgh-t959 , the verzion fascinate is sch-i500 , the at and t captivate is sgh-i897 . while they are all galaxy s phones , they are all also different devices . they have different hardware , like some have a front facing camera , led flash , 4 buttons , etc .
if you really need to do this , you could get a debit card hooked to your paypal account . both their straight debit card , and their prepaid debit card are master-card branded , so you can use them as your google app store payment option . it is not the app store taking paypal , of course , but it gets you what you want without the players involved having to come to any agreements .
yaam ( yet another android market ) uses paypal , i have had no problems with it .
you can buy a gift card and use it yourself . i have used paypal to buy gift card from www.pcgamesupply.com and redeem it on google play .
google allows play store apps to be purchased using paypal ( starting from may 15 , 2014 ) : starting today , we are making it possible for people to choose paypal for their google play purchases in 12 countries , including the u.s. , germany , and canada . when you make a purchase on google play in these countries , you will find paypal as an option in your google wallet ; just enter your paypal account login and you will easily be able to make purchases . source : http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2014/05/helping-you-go-global-with-more.html
with the recent legal bickering between ebay and google , i would say that the android market starting to accept paypal ( owned by ebay ) is highly unlikely any time soon : http://www.csmonitor.com/business/latest-news-wires/2011/0528/ebay-sues-google-over-stolen-secrets-poached-employees there are other alternative markets like slideme that i believe do offer paypal .
neither google android market nor the amazon appstore support paypal . slideme . org is an alternative market which does support paypal payments . it is not a mirror , so you will not find as many apps as you would in the official google market .
there is no official support for paypal in the android market , and seeing how google and paypal now seem to be competing a bit , i doubt there ever will be . but , if you want to use paypal , you may be able to sign up for the paypal debit card and link that to your google checkout account . then you will be using paypal to make your purchases , and you can earn %1 cash back on the purchase .
i am not completely certain what you mean when you say enable , so this might not answer your question . filesystem support is determined by the kernel , so if the kernel was not compiled with support added for a specific filesystem , you cannot use it . that being said , all android devices i have fiddled with have had support for ext2/ext3 compiled in ( i think all gingerbread devices must have support for ext2/ext3 since they are starting to use it on the emmc flash instead of yaffs2 ) . in order to check that ext2/ext3 is working correctly , i suggest you connect your device to a pc and log on via ' adb shell ' . from there , create a mount-point ( for example by doing ' mkdir /mnt/tmp' ) and try mounting manually . sdcards usually end up as /dev/mmcblkxpy , where x is the device number and y the partition number . try mounting by doing ' mount -t ext3 /dev/mmcblkxpy /mnt/tmp ' . if that works , and you can read and write to /mnt/tmp , ext3 is working as it should .
i think your ext partition must be a primary one not logical - check to make sure that is the case .
does this guide help you ? and here is an alternative guide .
have you tried im+ ? it mentions that for the skype function you need to use an in-app purchase . however it has good reviews overall , however i am not sure what the battery drain is like .
i use this im+ pro . it has a option to add skype too but i have not used skype on im pro coz i dont have an skype account . this is a paid application .
proximity autolock is an app that uses the proximity sensor to lock the phone when it is in your pocket , and you can disable the lock screen via the settings .
tasker can switch on/off the lock screen and can trigger events based on the orientation of your phone . so you could set up an event in tasker that enabled the lock screen when your phone is oriented vertically but upside down , then always place your phone in your pocket that way up .
in theory you could used yaffs2 image of the system and use that following the steps on the link you posted , but you will probably run in to driver issues with the " hardware "
it uses wifi , rather than bluetooth , but other than that it sounds like you could use an app like sharetext ? from sharetext 's description : share text with wifi on pc or other device using your browser . copy/paste between phone and pc . you can copy the text from pc to phone , from phone to pc , from this phone to another phone , from phone to any browser .
visit m . getjar . com and go nuts ! download cranky birds . it seems to be the game so many people like . i wonder if there is an android version of cut the rope out yet .
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
i had the same symptoms while cooking a rom when the symlink of /system/bin/sh to mksh was missing .
you can easily buy a stylus off ebay or amazon . else , if you are the creative type , there are a lot of diy tutorials to make a stylus at home , from stuff you can find anywhere .
a touchscreen stylus pencil should work . they are not expensive and work on touchscreen devices . i found 1 from ebay for you .
when the galaxy nexus is ringing . . . tap the power button on the right side of the screen . the ringtone will stop and the screen will switch off . but the call has not been hung up . you can even press the power button again to switch the screen back on and the ringtone is silent if the call is still waiting to be answered . the voice call will still be at the correct volume when you actually answer it .
use volume-rocker click either up or down volume to silence your phone . this is the user-manual-recommended way . when you click it your screen stays on . android user manual reference note : this usually works with any phone , not just androids . it used to work with old stupid-phones ( antonym of smart-phones ) as well .
a third option is to enable the setting so you can flip your phone face down when ringing to silence the phone . under sound settings > phone call silence i believe .
just press power key at the right side of device . it will become silent .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
i have heard from various sources that facebook ( and other companies , frankly ) do track geo-locations for various purposes , the first and foremost being that they want to serve you ads that you usually see around the web . i have also seen that they really do snoop around a lot ( on all of your devices , and yes , even without an account ) , so geo-locations are probably just the tip of the iceberg . you might want to check your privacy settings for facebook just to see what data is being collected . if you are tired of facebook eating up the storage on your mom 's phone , uninstalling should take care of that . of course , if you want your mom to be out of facebook 's peering eyes , good luck , because you really can never escape facebook trackers unless you suspend yourself from technology . hope this helped .
as aureljared points out , apps offer alternative zoom mechanisms . google officially recommends that apps use either double-click or double-click-and-drag to zoom . ( that is , click once , then hold the mouse button down and drag vertically to zoom in and out . ) android 's " manifest " system for apps requires apps to state explicitly if they work with non-touchscreen pointing interfaces like a mouse , joystick , or trackpad . if the manufacturer of your tv stick set it up correctly , it will only show you apps which can be used fully with a mouse and keyboard , including zooming .
i just found this info with a quick google http://www.pcworld.com/article/184656/android_keyboard_shortcuts.html i hope it helps . android keyboard shortcuts : browsing • menu + i : zoom in • menu + o : zoom out • menu + j : go back a page • menu + k : go forward a page • menu + r : refresh current page • menu + f : find on page • menu + b : open bookmarks • menu + s : open social network sharing menu • menu + h : view browsing history • menu + s : open browser settings
according to this thread on blenderartists , sensor size is 4.54 × 3.42 mm and focal length is 3.7mm , which gives a crop factor of 7.7 and a 35mm-equiv . focal length of 28.5 mm . be careful to check if the video is cropped in comparison to the still images , reducing the effective sensor size .
first , make sure you are updated to android 2.3.3 . . 3 has some stability improvements over 2.3.1 and 2.3.2 . the other thing i would try is a factory reset . upgrading can be a pretty messy process and you want to make sure you do not have any bad data left over .
try booting the phone while holding down the power button during boot . i have also read people saying that holding the menu button during boot works . once you are in safe mode , you will see " safe mode " at the bottom left of the screen .
according to directions on this site , there is a non-official ( and therefore unsupported ) version of clockworkmod recovery for the w8 available here . it does not provide instructions on installing it , but i imagine you do it with either fastboot , or odin/heimdal . alternatively , use xrecovery as described in these instructions . it is very similar to cmr , but according to the site you will need roms packaged specifically for this recovery : note : make sure that the zip files are made for xrecovery . ( zip files for cwm are different )
" facebook s ! version 1" is facebook for samsung , available from the samsung apps store on samsung android phones . this is their custom version of facebook , not the standard facebook for android that is available from the market , it is probably based on an older version of the facebook app , and is definitely not the same as the current official facebook app . if you go to the android market , search for facebook and download the app called " facebook for android " written by " facebook " then you know that you have the latest official facebook app . the notifications on that version go for me after i have visited them . also if for some reason you do prefer samsung 's app over facebook 's then you are running an older version of that , the current version ( according to the samsung apps app on my galaxy s ) is 1.01 installing this updated version may fix some problems .
no , there does not appear to be a way to clear the notifications short of visiting the item so it is no longer new . the android facebook app has a lot of deficits . it is still head-and-shoulders better than the previous version , though .
odin is samsung-only , you are right . ( and as far as i know it is not for all samsung phones either , though i could be wrong on that . ) since heimdall is , as far as i know , just an unofficial port of odin i would assume it is the same , but i have never used it . odin3 has a " dump " function that i had never used . it seems to be disabled in v1.8x and v1.7 , but not in v1.52 . i just tried it in v1.52 and it did not work . you hit the dump checkmark under Option , select an output file via the dump button under File [Dump] , then hit start . odin will say " onenand dump start " or similar as it backs up the device . it only backed up 1 kb of something before halting , though . odin just sat there without giving an error message . you might have different results with a different device ( i have a vibrant ) . i am also wondering whether my ext4 lagfix might be affecting this . perhaps later i will flash to stock 2.1 and try again . edit : no change on stock 2.1 jfd .
i had the same problem . download the app called " vibrate mode by force " and enable the never silent option . hope it will help : )
i have a similar issue with the note 3 . shush seems to work fine . the app lets you configure after how much time to reenable the standard ringer , and it gives you hard-to-miss notification that the phone is in silent mode .
i use both google+ instant upload and dropbox photo uploading features . you can indicate whether or not to upload on wifi only if you prefer preventing surprise overages if you do not have an unlimited data plan . this also provides a nice cloud backup/storage facility .
bluetooth is a rather slow choice when it comes to transferring bigger files : to transfer 10 mb , you'ld need . . . bt 2 . * ( 2.1 mbit/s ) ~ 40s bt 3 . * ( 24 mbit/s ) ~ 4s wifi g ( 54 mbit/s ) ~ 2s and with bt , the range is quite limited as well . most devices probably still use bt 2 standard . how to transfer your files then ? you might want to check the most frequented questions of the " file-transfer " tag for that . the usual method ( if you do not want any " questionable third-party tools " involved ) is to connect your device to your pc using the usb cable -- which then should mount your device storage like a drive . you could also use some third-party tools ( they are not all " questionable" ) to manage your device via wifi -- airdroid would be a good choice for that . for transferring data between android devices , you could use wifi-direct . again , there are some good 3rd party tools to help , as e.g. superbeam or wifishare .
just wanted to update this in case anyone else cares . this and many other streaming audio issues seem fixed in the latest ota : 3.70.651.1
this is what twitter is supposed to do , it is not a bug , however if you want to try some other twitter clients here are some ( paid and free ) talon for twitter - paid carbon for twitter - free plume for twitter - free
you are probably sol since the battery is dead by now . still , on the off-chance it is not , check out plan b ( described at http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/how-to-track-a-cell-phone/ ) . when you install an app through the play store on the computer , it is automatically installed on your phone . if you used some service that syncs photos or other data somewhere else ( e . g . syncing photos to picasa ) then you could find everything you backed up there . if you did not , then you assumed this risk by placing all your eggs in one basket and never transferring data off of your phone . perhaps your service provider had some automatic backup software running ( e . g . verizon backup ) in which case you could contact them to ask how to recover data . the fact is , if your data was that important , you should have taken steps to protect it ahead of time , and you should not have waited so long to try and locate the device ; and now you are faced with the consequences of that negligence . if you choose to keep all of your critical data on , say , a thumb drive , or an external hard drive , or a cd/dvd-rom , and you have no backups and you lose that device , then , whoops , that is the risk you assumed by keeping it all in one place . it is the same with your smartphone . steps to protect it include anything that generally backs up your data elsewhere ( be it specialized software that syncs photos , or general software e.g. mybackup pro ) , and any software that may help you locate the phone if it is lost ( see the link above for more tips there ) .
found out that firefox mobile can do this by going to about:config  in adressbar and setting permissions.default.images 3  1=load all images , 2=no images 3=only images from current url saves a lot of bandwidth ( e . g . user avatars on stackexchange not loaded , while with " no image loading " one doesnt see voting arrows ) . i just do not like mobile views of sites that much . add-on would be nice to easily switch this config setting for single website like quick image addon on firefox desktop . if dolphin hd had this feature it would be unbeatable . unfortunately firefox is lacking speed and tap gestures of dolphin .
download cwm here : http://www.mediafire.com/download/kf88nz9k9adugqa/a1%2b+recovery.img download mobileuncle tool : http://www.mediafire.com/download/lmd4m939ymahddz/mobile+uncle+tools%281%29.apk how to install download recovery . img and mobileuncle tool from given links rename a1+ recovery . img to recovery . img copy recovery . img to root of your sd card install mobileuncle tool open mobileuncle tool . click flash recovery from sdcard , allow root permission , and click ok . thats it . information found on xda forum ( source ) . custom roms for the karbonn a1+ are few , but i found this xperia rom forum . more can be found elsewhere . do your research and you will find some more .
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
i had this problem too for a long time but have found that the key to stopping this glitch is to turn off the predictive text option in the keyboard settings every time you experience the 1st character input only problem . personally , i like the predictive text being on 99% of the time , but some web pages ( email providers mainly ) are not configured for predictive text to be used , so i keep predictive text on and just turn it off whenever i come across a web page where i experience the 1st character input only problem . to turn it on/off simply hit the cog button on the keyboard and where it says predictive text , just swipe the slider to the left , to the off position . this will allow whole words to be typed instead of just 1 character at a time . then , once you have finished typing , you can hit the cog again and turn predictive text back on .
the way whatsapp authentication works , is that it sends a sms to the number for verification . this means that you will not be able to re-authenticate to that account without access to the phone number ( as you have said in your comment ) a possible work around is if you root your device , you can backup the whatsapp data using something like titanium backup and then restore it on the fresh install . depending on how their authentication keys work you may trick the app into still using your old account .
it does not look like you can control the data connection for your facebook notifications . you can have notifications on or off . you might consider increasing your notification interval to reduce the impact of the notifications . ( i see no need to receive fbook notifications every 30 minutes . ) there may be a tasker ( et al . ) " recipe " which can turn on/off facebook notifications based on location , existence of wi-fi , etc . , but i do not have any knowledge there .
try installing an app firewall such as droidwall ( needs root ) and disallow 3g access for the facebook app .
many android phones have a hidden app called " service menu " which runs when you call some codes in phone app . for example , service menu for sony ( ericsson ) android phones will appear when you call *#*#7378423#*#* or *#*#SERVICE#*#* and for most of samsung android phones , it appears when you call *#0*# or *#9072641*# from " service menu " , you can test screen , keys , touch , . . . and most importantly , sensors . so , test this code in your phone and see if " service menu " appears , then test your proximity sensor from there , without any need to install a third-party app .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
nope , unfortunately there is nothing like this to my knowledge . i would love to be proven wrong though
it is device internal codenames . reasons : device specifications is secret before release . after release , firmware not renamed , to exclude misunderstanding for developers . one device may have different firmware versions , depends on target market and hardware configuration ( modem , nfc , wi-fi settings ) .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
this is an exert from a guide to manually install android 4.2 takju on non-yakju galaxy nexus written 14th nov . 2012 available at : http://webtrickz.com/guide-to-manually-install-android-4-2-takju-on-non-yakju-galaxy-nexus/ following the availability of nexus 4 and nexus 10 , google has begun the rollout of android 4.2 jelly bean ota update for galaxy nexus and nexus 7 as well . android 4.2 is currently available only for takju variant of gsm/hspa+ galaxy nexus and luckily google has also released the android 4.2 factory image for takju galaxy nexus . apparently , non-yakju galaxy nexus users wont receive this new update anytime soon as their phone is updated by samsung whereas yakju and takju firmware are updated directly by google . however , users with adequate technical know-how can easily convert their non-yakju ( yakjuxw , yakjuux , yakjusc , yakjuzs , yakjudv , yakjukr and yakjujp ) device to takju to receive prompt future ota updates from google . install yakju or takju ? takju , the firmware that ships with google play store version of galaxy nexus ( in us ) apparently receives updates faster than the yakju variant . so , it’s better to choose takju over yakju .
airdroid can perform file transfers and it runs on 2.2 and above . all features : sms : send and receive individual or group messages . apps : import and export . apk files . files : manage files on android and transferring files between android and computer . photos : view and manage photos on android and transferring photos between android and computer . music and videos : play and manage music and videos on android and transferring them between android and computer . ringtones : set music as ringtone and export any ringtone . contacts : view and edit all the contacts . screenshot : view the real time screen of android devices , take static screenshots . ( root required ) camera : see through the lens of both front and back camera , also supports flashlight . url : push url to android and open automatically open it with android browser . clipboard : share clipboard content between android and computer .
i developed wifi ftp server , which should solve your problem . i would recommend that you put the phone in wifi-tether mode and then transfer files .
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
mine was simple ( droid razr ) , i unistalled root tools and i had a pulldown banner . i reinstalled root tools and redid my bannerand its fine now
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
on the samsung galaxy s3 , you have to do this from the contact , and re-save . from the ice list that contains the contact , click the contact and edit it ( s3 uses a pencil icon to indicate editing ) . see the groups area for the contact , and uncheck . save the contact/group association . save ( again ) for the contact . the contact should now show as removed from the ice list .
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
there are quite a few apps that can show the pid of running apps and services . one which i use to find a lot of info about what is going on in my phone is the android system info app , you can see the pids of some built-in services in this screenshot :
you can install it , but not everything will work properly . most things should work , but not all . read the forum / thread from where you are downloading the rom . if you are okay with a few things not working you can get it . otherwise , you might want to wait till a rom is ported out for your particular device . you can read the xda forum thread what is the difference between 3110 and 3113 ? to know what people have got working and what did not work for them .
if your calendar is showing twice same events , and even in the same color , it could be because your phone has a default option to show contacts birthdays . so go to settings in your calendar app ( in your phone ) , and look for your " sync calendars " , and uncheck the one called contacts birthdays . so in the website you will see the one you are used to , and in your phone you will see the one by default your phone comes with . if nothing disappears , or both duplicated events disappear , means those events are stored in another calendar , or you have duplicated entries in your calendar . in that case , from the website go to your contacts and in the " more " option select " find and merge duplicates " . hope it helps .
it is possible that the calendar app is showing the birthday in the " my calendar " and also from the " contacts ' birthdays and events " from google calendar ( which you can set up from the website , birthay is in the more section of " interesting calendars" ) . if is the case they should show up with 2 different colors . you can turn on of these calendars off in the ' calendars to display ' options ( from the menu ) . the other option is that merging/linking contacts ( i.e. . if a contact has an exchange account and birthday info ) ends up in duplicate birthdays entries added to the my calendar , and show with the same color . so far i delete those by hand .
here are some options you can try : remove your google account and adding it back . source clear app data via Settings &gt; Application manager &gt; Calendar Storage &gt; Clear data . source . update 2013-05-15: this worked for l0b0
is it possible your calendar app is synced with more than one account ? if it is , the birthdays which were copied into your calendar from account a may have now been backed up onto account b . you can check this by going to accounts and un-syncing all but one of your calendars .
i got it back . for answer check the xda forum with same question . . anybody in same condition . . please visit the link . .
the Couldn't open connection to server happened to me as well on imap email set-up , then i noticed that the default imap server was imap.mydomain.com . so i made the following changes and it started working : incoming : imap server : mail.mydomain.com outgoing : security type : SSL/TLS (Accept all certificates) - if i did not change to this security type it also gave me the Couldn't open connection to server . this may be different for your server however .
ok , i tried restarting the imap server with no luck and then i decided to try a second factory reset , not that i was expecting it to work but apparently something changed because suddenly it worked and i have no idea why . ah , the magic of user-friendliness .
it worked for me after i deleted google as my main account in the phone , installed gmail on exchange and reinstalled google as my main account .
the nearest i can think of is - generate a pdf and use that with some pdf reader such as ezpdf reader . . . but . . . having said that - android does not have any facility to support printing ( in any shape or form ) so you may be out of luck with that ! developers have often struggled with this and resorted to using the option to generate a pdf . . it is an oft-common question on stackoverflow on how to accomplish this ! who knows , maybe google noticed and realized that , just wait and see with the often rumoured key-lemon pie or lemon meringue later on , just watch this space ! : ) edit : there was another question that was asked here previously . google cloud printing , printershare as per the answers on that question was mentioned . amendment #1: the reason no print facility is there is because it is not a wysiwg environment ( what you see is what you get ) unlike windows which has a huge range of print driver support for all sorts including pdf . the itext library is what developers struggle with - different pages , fonts , etc - it is a big technical feat . . . just saying : )
one idea would be to use the kindle for android app on your device and email the documents to your kindle app using your send-to-kindle email address . the missing link is a printer driver that sends print jobs via email . a quick search indicates that several are available . here 's a seemingly popular one for windows .
i would go with a print-to-pdf driver on the windows or mac end , and set it up to save stuff to a dropbox . on the android side , keep dropsync or equivalent running on the android device , auto-downloading stuff as it shows up . to get the ' instant ' , you will have to set dropsync up to check frequently , or trigger it manually . without writing it yourself , you are very unlikely to find something running on android that pretends to be a printer - it is just not a normal thing that most people want to do .
on android 4.0+ devices , certain devices without a separate memory partition ( i.e. . separate sd card ) do not have the usb mass storage option , rather android now uses mtp ( media transfer protocol ) or ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) to transfer files . note : if your device supports sd cards , please make sure that an sd card is available in the device before connecting it to the pc . to configure between mtp and ptp ( and usb mass storage if an sd card is available ) : go to settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . to transfer files to your device via mtp , make sure it is in the mtp mode , then connect it to your computer via a usb cable . on windows : wait for windows to install the necessary drivers , then your device will be available in my computer . ( more info ) on mac : you have to install the android file transfer software . follow the steps on this support page . on ubuntu : follow the steps in this article .
you need this soft which capture packet on android http://lost-and-found-narihiro.blogspot.ru/2012/11/packet-capture-on-android-tpacket.html
you can construct a mount out of something like sugru . your mount will remain stuck to the dashboard and you would have to make it in such a way that the nexus would slot into it . for the elimination of doubt : i do not have any association with sugru . i use it to mount my iphone on the dashboard .
best guess at real intent of question : for my samsung galaxy s iii ( wifi ) , how should i best connect to the internet ? should i try to get my laptop ( with usb modem ) to be a wifi ' hot spot ' , or try connecting the usb modem directly to the galaxy s iii smartphone ? answer 1: ( based on your two options ) your best approach would be to setup the laptop as a wifi hot-spot . it is already working , and you will still be able to use the laptop at the same time . this will require some knowledge of how to do this ( for windows or linux ? ) on your laptop . to connect the galaxy s iii directly would also require an additional otg usb cable , and would be a higher drain on the s iii ' s battery . answer 2: ( looking at other solutions ) a portable wifi router , either 3g or 4g , would more easily provide internet access for both the laptop and galaxy s iii . it is much simpler to setup , and some models would even support using the usb modem you already have . it also has its own battery , for longer internet time between charging .
get " s note helper " from google play store
its indeed quite possible that either the two directories residing on the filesystem , /data/local/download or /cache/download is probably full of temporary files and is not deleted which contributes to the symptoms of the app not installing after 100% downloaded . some roms do have this facility or feature in place , called run-parts , which is invoked by the busybox which does this clean up on boot to clear out the temporary downloaded files saved in the specified directories . again , this is dependant on the rom . maybe that is what you should try doing , reboot to force the system to clean up the directories and try again upon bootup ? if that fails , then it sounds likely that the /cache partition is very small not to hold the downloaded files . the trick employed by roms is this , the /cache/download is either sym-linked to /data on the /data partition . the other trick is that /data/local/download is re-binded to the /cache/download directory . ( see this script below to see what the second trick is about ) why /cache and /data/local/download ? it is found in the init . rc script in the ramdisk of the rom in question which has the following environment variables that tells the google play store , where to save the downloaded apps . export ANDROID_CACHE /cache export DOWNLOAD_CACHE /cache/download  the only thing i would suggest is to use file explorer ( just as i type this i realised yeah , root . . . but i digress ) , and clean out the directory manually for a start .
i was having a similar problem . when trying to install an app from the market , it would get to 100% download , then say download failed . also , the same behavior occurred with updates to previously installed apps . tried all sorts of things from various forms and nothing worked . i am running eclair , and decided that my phone was becoming a paperweight without these updates . . . so i resolved to install a new rom , thankfully i did not have to go that far . i ran a one-click root application , and afterwards i could download updates and install new apps without issue . pretty sure rooting your phone will void the warranty , if that is not of concern and your at a dead end . . . perhaps give it try , it worked for me .
you either ran out of space , or you had updated google play .
someone already solved this without rooting the phone by uninstalling updates for google play store app : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; all ( tab ) , scroll down and tap " google play store " , then " uninstall updates " . source : samsunggalaxyforums
how about this ? information from here
it appears that the internal sd card is on the same partition as /data ( i verified with my gt-i9500 at xxuemj9 - 4.3 , output below ) : some other manufacturers have different implementations of the layout ; in fact , this decision was the largest possible reason why the mass storage option disappeared and mtp had to be used - because /data used ext4 which most windows pcs can not recognize . some cwm versions do not perform a format on /data when you request for a factory reset - that is because they are either : running on a pre-3.0 version of android that uses the older implementation using a manufacturer-defined custom layout running custom " factory reset " code that does only rm -rf on the folders as to why the plaintext cannot be found , i am not entirely sure - but i thought it might have to do with the formatting being done with secure erase ( mmc_cap_erase ) . more information can be found here : http://teamw.in/datamedia and in the 4.2 source code itself : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/docs/source.android.com/+/android-4.2.1_r1/src/tech/storage/index.md
did you take a look at owncloud and similar solutions ? not ( yet ? ) as comfortable as dropbox , but open source , runs on linux ( so you can stick with your linux-mount solution ) , and it has an android app . for a quick overview , you might want to first take a look at this wikipedia article . if that sounds interesting , next source to investigate might be e.g. how to set up your own private cloud storage service in five minutes with owncloud : )
so , if you go to " settings " , the first section should be " wireless and networks " . under that , i have " wi-fi " ( on/off ) , " bluetooth " ( on/off ) followed by data usage . how does that look on your phone ? if bluetooth is not there , i do not think the rom you are running recognizes your ability to run bluetooth ( if you do indeed have that ability ) . what device and what rom are you running ?
you can obtain the apks for flash for all versions of android directly from adobe in their old version archives . http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html scroll down a bit and you will find " flash player for android 4.0 archives " and " flash player for android 2 . x and 3 . x archives " . these include the last versions of each released before abode dropped flash for android .
my first instinct is to say the partitions are messed up . i would try using the " shipped rom " from here and re-partitioning via odin . i found the . pit file here .
if they are empty , they can be deleted . they will be recreated as needed . before deleting them , make sure that they really are empty . as in , not even hidden files are there , except for ones like " . nomedia "
removing empty folders may not account for much space , but the following will help you remove them . install " sd maid " from the playstore then run ' systemcleaner ' from within . to remove junk files install " clean master " then click on ' junk files ' , cache files and apk files may use up a significant amount of space . faster here than clearing cache files for each application and it is not just browsers that have old cache files .
just a part-answer : i am using a nice app for resizing images : image shrink ( there is also a lite version ) . it works via the share intent - you " share " an image to it , the app does its job and the result can be shared again ( e . g . if you want to send a large image via mail and want to resize it first , easily done with that app ) .
if you have a tablet , adobe have just released a whole suite of tablet focussed ( paid ) apps , including photoshop touch . whilst i have not tried it out yet , it does look like it should be able to do resizing tasks , i can definitely see a " resize " menu option in one of the screenshots on the features page .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
there is no way to disable the google play store from downloading apps that you have asked to download , however if you go into the google play app settings menu , you can enable the Update on WiFi only option - this will only let updates download when you are connected to wifi . you can also completely disable your mobile data connection by going to system settings -> more -> mobile network -> uncheck the mobile data checkbox . this will stop your device from connecting to the mobile network data .
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
i am having the exact same problem and just received the following message from samsung : the kies software does not detect the handsets , there are several causes for this and a process of checks will discover the cause and show the solution : check the system specification is correct for the kies software . check the correct and up to date version of the software is being used . check that handset is set on the correct mode which is samsung kies . be sure that the handset show connected ‘not connecting’ on home screen . try to test a different usb port and restart pc . check in device manager that the driver has been installed and update if required if handset has device manager ( download one from market place for android 2.1 or higher ) ensure that all tasks have been ended and handset is in the idle mode before connecting ‘download the task killer , it is an application used to close all the applications ( not just minimizing them ) ’ completely remove current version of the kies software and re-install the latest version from the website . test with different pc . it is quite a number of possibilities being mentioned .
had same problem . open the app drawer , tap on settings > storage , tap on unmount sd card then you have to physically remove the sd card . worked now !
so , as said , i had tried everything , refresh included , the international code for my number and all contacts numbers , everything . the problem was much more idiot : my friend finally told me that the number connected to whatsapp was the old one . as it was associated to the email , it was not letting the new number appear . something like that . i still do not understand how this is possible , i mean , somebody uses whatsapp with a number , then changes number but not email , and start sending messages through the new number , but does not appear with that number because the email is registered with the old number ? crazy . how can then this person send messages from the new number ? complicated . anyway . thanks : )
is it an international contact ? whatsapp sometimes does not add 00316-* numbers for me but it does add 06-* .
some options you could try : option 1 tap on icon and then go to Menu &gt; Refresh . option 2 tap on icon and then go to Menu &gt; Help . there are some instructions their which you can try and tap on Show invisible contacts . option 3 follow this article from whatsapp to try to troubleshoot : how do i add contacts to whatsapp ?
well you just need to edit the contact by adding + ( country code ) follow by the existing contact number .
mobile number should have+area code
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
foursquare and your phone 's gps might help you a bit . search for a venue type click the venue in the search results click the map of the venue open the map in an external app like google maps use google maps ' route feature to create a route from your position to the venue i am not sure if it is possible to create a route with public transportation . at least in the philippines , there is no such option .
just in case you are not aware . hope this is relatedly helpful . be sure to not press and hold when finishing a session . just a quick press and it will go into suspend . to resume , another quick press and the screen comes back in about 1 second .
it may be worth noting that the boot time for the nexus one is about a minute . i think the expected use pattern of android devices is ' always on ' , so it is been optimized for everything but boot time .
unless they are something physically defective with your device your options are pretty limited : install a rom designed to boot quickly ( not sure that any exist ) install a rom based on a less resource-intensive version of android ( but there is no point in getting a xoom if you do not run 3.0 imo ) use an app like autostarts to prevent some apps from loading upon boot ( this probably will not help your boot time before you see the initial lock screen , however ) all three of these options require root access , so if you do not want to root your xoom then i can not think of anything you can do to decrease your boot time .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
you can specify quite a bit of logic in just the contexts . having a profile with multiple contexts would be the easiest way to accomplish this . remember that all contexts have to be met sequentially before the task ( s ) will fire . also , the wifi connected context will accept multiple ssids by using pattern matching . in this case a / equals logical or . try the following : profile : context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networka " , invert=yes context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networkb/networkc " task ( s ) : ringtone silence settings of your choice this means that the task ( s ) will fire if network a is not connected and network b or network c are connected . as soon either condition is lost the task will exit .
according to the usb host diagnostics site , yes . check the link for the roms ( build ids ) that supports otg . if your phone has root , you can also check out usb otg helper [ root ] .
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
when your phone wont go to sleep , check for wakelock using apps . programs like " wakelock detector " will help you to do that . good luck ! reference : wakelock , wakelock detector
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
first , have you tried to search for this device on http://forum.xda-developers.com ? they should have got the rom and the rooting method for you . note : never try to root or install a rom from someone you do not trust ! again never root the device when its still in use , because rooting the device would remove the warranty of its ! you might brick your device too . you can try to search for the rom by the name . secondly i know the good rooting software , search for bin4ry root ! they will root you device , you can follow steps ! hehehe , you must see the note i provided before continuing the process . by that software , you can first root the device . then check for the cwm support for your device on their site . or you can google it to find the best solution for that phone . after installing the cwm , you can easily install a rom , but again , becarefull while installing the rom , you might brick the phone . good luck , cheers !
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
if you go into the market on your phone , then navigate down to a category ( e.g. , games | arcade and action ) there are three tabs : top paid , top free , just in ( i.e. , new ) i do not know what they use for their algorithm beyond the star ratings , nor if it varies from how things are presented on the official market website , but it does appear to be offering the top-rated/popular apps in each category .
appbrain . com allows you to view the android market and which apps are most popular , most downloaded , hottest . . . all within different time frames .
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
if you are talking about sim unlock , it is possible to re-lock it back to the network as was often the case with old nokia dumb-phones . however , i have not seen this in practice with most phones now-a-days . usually , once it is unlocked from the network , any sim card can go in place and use it . however , if you are talking about locking the boot-loader - then that is a different thing altogether , hence my comment above to ask for clarification . in this case , you can re-lock the boot-loader , depending on the manufacturer and the procedure used originally .
not a physical keyboard , but the hacker 's keyboard soft keyboard has control and alt keys on the keyboard .
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
i use the app brain app on my phone , https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appspot.swisscodemonkeys.appsfeature=search_result you can choose which order to show installed apps ( name , date installed , size , storage location )
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
i faced a similar problem with my lg optimus one ( p500 ) . i first suspected the microphone and hence attempted to use voice recorder as suggested by matthew read . since it was working , i became clueless . after struggling a lot , i realized that i had installed a call recording software . this call recording software was installed months before and hence i did not suspect it . even after disabling the software i could not receive calls . however , the problem was solved once i uninstalled it . later i understood that android sdk does not provide clean solutions to hook into mic ( unlike symbian platform ) . hence call recording software developers are left to use any sort of dirty means ( which i am not aware ) to make their app work . so , if you have any such application which plays with mic , just uninstall them and try .
check the microphone . can you record yourself with the voice recorder app ? if not , i would suspect you damaged it somehow .
i have discovered the solution ( at least for my nexus 7 ) ! here 's what happens : tap take bug report take bug report " take a while " popup displays - tap report after about 30 seconds , the words " bug report captured " appear for about 2 seconds on left side of the top manu bar ( the one with time and wi-fi and other icons ) . an adroid icon then displays on the left side ( where downloads and other status indicators display ) . swiping down on those icons displays an item " bug report captured " tapping on the item brings up a " complete action using " popup that includes gmail . tapping the gmail icon allow you to send the bug report text and its associated screen capture to yourself . pretty nice , but very easy to miss .
based on what i have read , Make Bug Report is supposed to e-mail the bug report to the gmail account that is tied to your device . i tried it , but i did not get any emails . i will update this answer if i find anything new .
these are both notifications . to change them or even just find out what they are notifying you about go to settings > my device > sound you can change the " default notification sound " ( even choosing silent , but then you will not get any notification sounds ) and a little bit lower on the menu you can set distinct defaults for specific samsung apps . there are many apps that allow you to choose different notifications sounds ( other than the default that you chose above ) , but those have to be changed in the apps themselves . do you notice any new information in the notification area ( by swiping down from the top of the screen ) when you hear these alerts ?
a google+ account is tied to a google account . so what you can do is using your own account on the android device instead of the shared one .
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at button savior ( root ) – if not , at button savior non root . or at virtual button bar : button saviour and virtual button bar ( source : google play ; click for larger images ) what do all the three have in common ? as the screenshots show , they enable virtual softkeys at places where you want them . so you can avoid the " dead areas " , and still have them present . admitted , this does not resize the screen ; but at least fixes the problem with the buttons .
so i combined what you asked for into a single task . you will first create a profile which triggers when a state changes . you will select display state and chose off . tasker can not actually able to tell if your screen is locked , only on or off but we can get around that as long as we know the time it take for the screen to lock . the task is as follows : wait until seconds : 60 until : %screen matches on if %screen matches on wifi set : on stop end if if %screen matches off wifi set : off goto type : action number number : 1 end if explanation of task : 1 . this causes the task to wait before continuing unless the condition is met . the total wait time should be the screen time until lock plus the time you want to wait until the wifi turns off 2 . if the screen turns on goto 3 3 . turn on wifi 4 . stops task 5 . ends if statement 6 . if the screen is off on goto 7 7 . turn off wifi 8 . cause a loop to keep checking the screen status . note 1: this task assumes that wifi is already on to start with . note 2: as the task stands now it will check every minute . if after the first min you want to change the time it waits to reduce battery usage you will add this take to beginning . 1.SET VARIABLE NAME:%DUR VALUE: 60 2.WAIT UNTIL SECONDS: %DUR Until: %SCREEN Matches ON  and add in between 7 and 8: SET VARIABLE NAME:%DUR VALUE: WHATEVER TIME  last note : if you do not want to wait seconds every time you can use a variable for mins or hours like with seconds . you will set the variables for min or hour as zero at the beginning and then change them before you start the loop . to use variables instead of static numbers you touch the symbol of 2 arrows crossing opposite of min/hr/sec . if you have any question please feel free to ask . also since i am new please do not forget to mark mine as the answer if it solves your problem and to upvote the answer
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
how did you search for the publishers ? electronic arts , for example , most certainly has applications in the market . i only see one square enix game , though . beyond that , the xperia play will be supported by a line of playstation titles . they are already starting to hit the market , in fact . i would not recommend purchasing them unless you own an xperia play since i have no idea what running them on a non-suported device would entail ( or if it is even feasible - i will leave that to xda ) , but it is another angle to it . whether or not they will continue to update them or develop new games . . . i could only speculate , really .
the files and folder you see via usb ( or to be specific through the usb mtp protocol ) can be different from the files and folder that are really in the sdcard section on your device . in my case a lot of files and folders in the sdcard section were invisible via usb . after executing the app rescan sd card the files and folders visible via usb were exactly the one that exist on my sdcard section .
go to " widgets " folder , there should be an s memo widget in it . push and hold it . it will give you an option to move a generic s memo note onto one of your home screens . once you have done that , you can open it and choose between making this shortcut an existing note and creating a new one .
can you find s memo in application menu ? if yes then long press on s memo and add to home screen . if no then download from here and do above step also search in widget
in the links you provided in your question , are the devices that are required . they have that feature built into the hardware .
it is a bug in the android build as near as we can figure . if your device is rooted there is a workaround otherwise have fun charging your tablet every single night . check out this google groups thread about it . on my galaxy s4 i stopped the service and everything still worked . however i found that after disabling wifi , i was unable to enable it again until i rebooted , even after restarting the service . obviously this is not the case with the nexus 7 2013 , but that does confirm that it is " modem " related . however i have found several other threads online that reference this service as having to do with external sd cards ( in some rom development threads ) but i do know that with it stopped my s4 was not able to toggle the wifi state anymore .
the total of all the usage should always approximate 100% . that android ( the core ) is responsible for 79% of the entire drain is not anything to worry about , it just says that not much else was drawing power .
this is part of google play store settings . select do not auto-update apps in the following path : google play store> settings> auto update apps> do not auto-update apps this is a global setting , but it may be overridden by a specific setting at the application level . for instance , an application may have a specific setting to update itself , especially if that application came from a 3rd party source . you will need to check those application settings individually and prevent auto-updating there . however , this is not generally true , in fact i think it is a violation of terms , if that application comes from the google play store .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
recently i found a source that can help you to create update-script . here it is : http://marakana.com/s/updating_android_os_via_ota,1065/index.html
as dan asked : what do the new icons look like ? what is your question ? i have had the same problem for the year i have had a lg-p925 . the only way to resolve this is to reboot the phone . since i rooted my phone , i go the app quick boot and put a widget button on my screen to reboot it . you will also realize that if you leave the wifi turned on and it does not connect , it might continue to keep your phone alive and drain the battery faster . i have used betterbatterystats app ( free on xda developers site ) to find out that it was not an app draining my battery , but the fact it fails to connect to the wifi because of this issue . i suggest rooting the phone and installing quickboot and put a widget to reboot it . this happens to me once every other day . i hope it helps you !
i used to play ingress before , and i was able to update to newer versions using apks uploaded by other players . i do not know if google 's verification process has changed , but as long as it is an official apk ( i.e. . not modified ) , it should be fine . also , according to this google+ thread , the verification process uses google play services .
in go sms you can also : click the menu button click folders go the the outbox folder delete all the failed messages there worked for me - this was driving me crazy !
none of the options above worked for me and i searched everywhere ! eventually , frustration made me look through my previous mms texts sent and i found 3 or 4 that had not been sent with a little yellow warning icon on the corner . one was to a family group with 14 recipients ! ! i went through and deleted those messages/mms with warning icons and then resent the problematic mms . . . and it sent fine ! i have worked it out . samsung galaxy note ii 7105
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
i have a note 3 and had the same issues . go in your settings and check to make sure sms is your default . under the sms program is a setting to make sms your default as well . your default notification on your phone system needs to be turned off so that you do not have multiple notifications . hope this helps .
this has happened to me at least once before . very annoying . in my case i had to check every thread , and scroll up to look for failed mms messages in the thread ( red ! ) . once one fails , apparently nothing else except regular txt will go through until the offender is deleted for some reason . i think i narrowed it down to a message i sent from my garage . with the doors shut and if i am in the back , i get one signal bar if i do not move . i think i attached a pic , hit send , then stuck it in my pocket while it was trying to send . why it does not send later when i get a better signal is beyond me . but , by checking all my threads , and deleteing each one the had a red ! eventually i was able to send the one i really needed to send . if it happens again , i will update the post with more solid information . phone is g'zone commando , android version 2.3.3 hope this helps someone .
there is two ways of doing this : the intents used can be searched throughout the entire source of cm available on github , notably frameworks/base/core/res/AndroidManifest.xml and general grep ping of the source . adb shell dumpsys | grep "Action: \"android.intent.action" the second option is the easiest - from aosp here 's a list of the intents . . . the mileage will vary slightly with cm as that would have extras or omissions :
as eldarerathis already said in his comment , this very much depends on how the ota is performed . first , some otas might even fail to execute , as rooting modified the /system partition and they check the crc sum which then no longer matches ( i had that with my htc wildfire/buzz more than a year ago ) . if they do not care about crc , the answer still is " yes and no": some otas are just " incremental " ( replacing/adding single files ) ; those would not touch your root-apps , and root would be retained . however , full updates ( and this includes most " version bumps " , e.g. from android 2.2 to 2.3 to 4.0 ) are completely " replacing " the /system partition ; in this case root is gone along with all the other system apps .
hold the power button until the phone turns off . wait a few seconds . then , turn it on , with the usb connected . wait until the charging symbol appears . then , turn on the phone . now , the nexus 4 is showing in My computer again .
i had a similar problem . my lg nexus 4 was not listed in adb devices . make sure usb debugging is enabled from device , and do the following on your pc : update android sdk ( google usb drivers updated ) from pc control panel , System -&gt; Device manager -&gt; Nexus 4 -&gt; Install driver . set android sdk as path to search , include subfolders checked . after that , adb devices list will include nexus 4 .
usb debugging must be enabled . you will know the device is connected , because it will show when you type adb devices into a command prompt . ensure you have the correct drivers installed , the ones from google and/or lg , and then reboot your computer . once that is done , reconnect the device . you may need to delete it from the device manager before it will install the adb driver correctlty .
rooting the atrix 4g does only that - gives you elevated privileges on stock os . in order to be able to install a different recovery image and custom roms , the phone 's bootloader must be unlocked first . this is a fairly complicated process that carries the usual warnings and disclaimers of modifying phone software . it will most definitely void your warranty with at and t ( and possibly with motorola as well , ) so be very certain that your phone is either free of hardware defects , or out of warranty with your carrier before unlocking it . see this thread on xda-developers forum for further details and installation instructions .
i have taken a motorola atrix a couple of months before and all the threads i found have links to " sbf " ( required to unlock ) which have been removed from the net ( i believe by motorola itself ) so basically i could not find any working " sbf " files to be compatible with firmware 2.3.4 nor a version of a program fastboot with inside a command called oem unlock available ( all the versions i have tried are telling me that " unlock is not implemented " ) i was not able to un-lock the atrix for my girlfriend which is very depressing , because the actual rom installed burns the battery in a very short space of time . so , can anybody point me to a website that has a " sbf " file that works with firmware 2.3.4 or a fastboot.exe which has enabled the function oem unlock thanks for help
i fixed it ! i did it like this : the problem . . ? i do not know it . in console these commands helped me answering both comments of rossc and izzy i did not have a custom recovery installed . philz touch recovery is a custom recovery that is based on cwm and has a touch interface . u can see it here md5 sum was okay and was the same as from the downloaded page . so that would mean there were no corrupt files or downloads . gladly that it worked . just seems like you can not flash custom roms with a stock recovery ( i do not know if it is true , but seems like it ) . so the steps are ( for windows ) install adb driver ( i used these ) navigate to the installation foldler with cmd ( next steps are cmd commands ) adb start-server adb usb adb start-server in mobile phone " install zip from adb " adb sideload ( philz recovery ) adb reboot recovery adb start-server in mobile phone " install zip from adb " adb sideload ( custom rom ) adb reboot done !
asc is an app that allow you to record your screen without root , but only for non-tegra devices . i never tested because my galaxy nexus is not supported .
the best and the most simple way and the more beautiful , how to capture/record android screen without root http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k2udfp4ln8feature=youtu.be
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
well , the reason screencast and similar apps require root permission is that the video data has to be accessed using the administrative privileges ( i.e. . roots access ) but you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . this is the only option which is available to given you have no root access .
P5110 is the galaxy tab 2 while P7510 is the original . the difference is that the newer ships with ics and has a different soc along with a slightly larger battery , while it is a lightly ticker . the P7510 came out almost a year ago . if you want future software upgrades the P5110 is a safer bet . see that datasheets for more info .
stabilitytest is a stress-testing tool for android devices with error reporting .
you can use ip webcam , or perhaps use dlna . for example samsung devices come with an app called allshare which can share and access dlna enabled devices on the network . i think ip webcam is your best bet , though . you should be able to open the stream it creates using mx video player or something like that . source : stackexchange-url
if you do not need the recording and playback functionality in your app , using off-the-shelf streaming app and player is a reasonable choice . if you do need them to be in your app , however , you will have to look into mediarecorder api ( for the server/camera app ) and mediaplayer ( for client/player app ) . quick sample code for the server : on the player side it is a bit tricky , you could try this : unfortunately mediaplayer tends to not like this , so you have a couple of options : either ( a ) save data from socket to file and ( after you have a bit of data ) play with mediaplayer from file , or ( b ) make a tiny http proxy that runs locally and can accept mediaplayer 's get request , reply with http headers , and then copy data from the remote server to it . for ( a ) you would create the mediaplayer with a file path or file url , for ( b ) give it a http url pointing to your proxy . see also : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url
you would need a rooted device to do this . first browse the photos you want to download . now open any file explorer app like root explorer . navigate to /data/data/com.instagram.android/cache via root explorer . the files here would be named something like ccf3a266.0 , copy the file you want or entire folder and paste it on your sd card . now open these .0 files in your pc via a image viewer like irfanview . you can sort the files by size to determine large images . the .0 files are cahce files and some of these are essentially JPG image files and quality may depend upon your device i believe because it would download compressed image if the device screen/density is small . ( that is just a theory ) .
use easy downloader for instagram app in android
it is unlikely that any twitter app offers a way to do this . in general , intents are used to start an action that requires user interaction to complete , or at the very least ask you for confirmation . if an app offered a way to send a tweet automatically via an intent , it would also have to require the app sending the intent ( llama in this case ) to have a permission created by the app handling the intent ( the twitter app ) . otherwise , any app on the phone could send tweets without your knowledge or permission . llama would have to be written to ask for this permission , and since it is not , it would not be allowed to send the intent anyway . alternatively , it would be possible for the twitter app to offer such an intent , but ignore the intent unless it was sent by llama ( or better yet , using a configurable list of allowed apps ) . this is how many apps ' tasker integrations work . since this is a pretty niche need , i do not know whether you had be able to find an app that works this way . you might find that there is an app written this way specifically to act as a llama plugin .
if your tablet supports a usb hub , you might try connecting both devices to a hub and then connecting that hub to your tablet .
i would suggest a cable hub . you should be able to find one that takes only one usb port of device , and provides 2 ( or 3 ) usb ports . for example : cable hub , usb 2.0 3-port hub with micro 5p
in the end , i rooted the phone and installed the cyanogenmod distribution in place of the cell phone carrier 's os . : )
this to me looks like something your provider has added in to stop you getting free tethering on your data plan . if you are rooted ( which i assume you are as you are using a tethering app ) , then you can attempt to freeze the app that is responsible for this , using an app freezer such as app quarantine root . if it is not an app , then it may be part of the rom directly , in which case you would have to install a custom rom such as cyanogenmod . you should look at forums such as xda-developers to find a rom for your device . using a custom rom will definitely remove the message .
that is most likely where the battery is located . i do not know what your definition of " not too cpu demanding " but i know when i use my galaxy nexus for extended lengths of time it heats up noticeably over where the battery is . even when the screen is not actually on and i am not interacting with it , it can heat up due to processes and services going on in the background such as email sync or music playback or social site syncing . this could be part of what is going on with you . also , when i charge it it heats up . there probably is not anything " wrong " with it , just a lot of stuff running . if it makes you feel better , when it starts to heat up , turn it off and take out the battery until it cools down , then put it back in .
switch off your phone when you are not using . lock your phone when its not working . do not running too much apps in same time . do not use the phone while it is charging . do not play games and do not watch videos when it is getting overheated . and i have to tell you something . unfortunately i have got a xperia v ; - )
i use andsmb or andftp over wifi for this purpose . the former accesses files shared via the smb/cifs protocol ; the latter can access ftp and sftp servers . you might already have samba ( an smb server ) installed on your ubuntu machine . if not , i think sftp is easier to set up : you just need to install the openssh-server package , and look at the official documentation to see what options you might want to change . i mention these two clients because i have used both and i know you can use " share " with both of them as well as a file browser interface ; there are other sftp and smb clients available . if you go with sftp , you might go a step further and install a dynamic-dns system on your ubuntu box so you can access it over the internet as well as your own wifi network . if you do this ( as i have ) , it is like having your own dropbox server .
there are multiple possibilities to do so . if the opposite direction is ok with you ( i.e. . initiating the transfer from your ubuntu machine ) , you might want to take a look at apps like websharing or samba server , which require little permissions . airdroid is quite famous , but you probably will not like its permission requests ( with that app you can maintain almost all your device ) . initiating transfers from your android device , some file managers might be interesting . so e.g. es file explorer file manager ( which i use myself ) . this app can even auto-discover your samba resources , so you can directly copy files in both directions . all mentioned solutions work via wifi and require both ends ( android and ubuntu ) being members of the same network .
i was not able to find easy way to make working usb connection between my galaxy s3 and ubuntu . the only solution that worked for me described here : ubuntu - automount nexus 7 in mtp mode . here is list what i did to make mtp working : compile and install go-mtp create mount point create udev rules play around with mount/umount it was not trivial at all , but finally made usb connection working . speed is good and after initial configuration does not require any further reconfiguration . please refer to the link for details .
if you see " join latitude " then your latitude options are already " off " . if you also now see " location sharing is not turned on " , then your account is not set up to share the location information and it will not be sharing the information . if you do not already , turn off wifi and gps when you are not using them , mpas will be less likely to try and get " pin point " information if you do not have these running .
so the problem was : market and market updater were not signed by the same key , no idea why . as a result , the market was not able to send an intent to a receiver in the market updater that was protected by a signature-level permission . here 's what i have done . i took marketupdater . apk from the device . i took it apart with apktool: apktool d -s MarketUpdater.apk mu  i then opened the androidmanifest . xml . i changed the package attribute under &lt;manifest&gt; to package="com.android.vending.updateralt"  that was to avoid a name clash with the vanilla market updater app . changed the &lt;receiver&gt; element 's header to this : &lt;receiver android:name="com.android.vending.updater.UpdateMarketReceiver"&gt;  see - no permission attribute . no longer requiring that the intent sender is signed by the same certificate . spelling out the java package name in android:name was necessary , since the apk package name no longer matched the java package name of the class . i then packaged the apk back : apktool b mu MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  i signed the apk , using the jarsigner tool , with an arbitrary key that i had from another project : uploaded the apk to /system/app , registered with pm: adb push MarketUpdaterAlt.apk /system/app adb shell pm install -r /system/app/MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  and forced a market self-update . removed the preferences file : adb shell rm /data/data/com.android.vending/shared_prefs/*  then restarted the market , waited for five minutes , and closed the market . the update went through like a charm . now i have market 2.3.6 , in-app billing and all . good thing the permission-based coupling between the market and market updater was not two-way . . . edit : the alternative updater apk is available for all at http://www.jishop.com/temp/marketupdateralt.apk
it probably has nothing to do with cm ; the market is just really , really bad at updating itself . sometimes clearing the data for it will help , but sometimes you will additionally need to install a newer version manually before it will start updating itself again . i have installed the 3.4.4 market from android police a few times , if you are looking for a safe file . just put it on your sd card or internal storage ( make sure it has the . apk extension ) and install it via a file manager . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources needs to be checked for this .
the solution of creating a new marketupdater did not work for me . i am a newbie at rooted android devices so maybe there is something that would be evident to someone who has more experience with it . i ran into an install_package permission issue , and yes i did put marketupdateralt into /system/app/ and it was signed with my key , but that did not do the trick . the whole permission thing seems a bit finicky ( see for instance this discussion ) . at any rate , i have found an alternate way of getting the upgrade : grab a relatively recent version of the market app . ( i used an apk titled market-3.4.4 . apk . it needs to be reasonably new but having the very latest does not matter since it will upgrade itself after a bit anyway . i have 3.10.9 now running . ) verify that the package is signed by google . clear market data . ( that is what i did back then but now i think pm uninstall , without the -k option , will accomplish the same thing . ) adb shell mount -o remount , rw /system adb shell rm /system/app/vending . apk adb shell pm uninstall com . android . vending adb push [ path to your new apk ] /system/app/vending . apk adb shell pm install /system/app/vending . apk adb shell mount -o remount , ro /system if you got an older version than the latest , any necessary upgrade will occur after a while . it may take a bit before the web interface to google play gets is view synchronized with what the local app says . that is how i got the latest version of google play up and running on an old rooted mytouch 3g running cm 6.1 . someone with more foresight than i have could presumably integrate a newish version among the google apps when they do their initial flashing .
if you are saving music files to sd card , it may be the problem of the sd card . change the sd card and try . good luck .
if you start gowidget , there are 2 lists . installed and not installed widgets . you can install widgets from there . if you installed the switch widget , you can add it to your homescreen tapping on a blank space and selecting gowidget from the list . switch should now be listed in the installed list . obviously go launcher ex has to be installed , it cannot just be used with htc sense . you have to replace htc sense ( at least the launcher ) through go launcher ex .
increase your Audio Buffer size . i use playerpro music player with its dsp pack . dsp pack allows me to adjust audio buffer size . i never needed to use this feature , but it will help you . you can also find other music players to support this feature . the key is Audio Buffer . alternatively , you can reduce music quality as well as system load .
try turning off any applications or hardware that uses a lot of the phone 's resources . turn off gps , wifi , network service , and dim the backlight . also shut down any other running applications than the ones you need for playing music . if this still does not work your device may not have enough memory .
i do not know how to turn the screen off completely but setting the screen brightness to the lowest possible value will help with battery life . settings-> display-> brightness
there is this app . . screen filter . this would help you in achieving your desired brightness or rather making it completely off !
i have asked a similar question about my browser . the consensus seems to be that these apps are normally pretty dormant when in the background , and my browser was behaving strangely . android 's designed so that you do not need to exit apps ( the system manages suspending and killing them ) ; so , unless you notice an app consuming an abnormal amount of cpu time while in the background , it should be safe to leave them be .
as per the op 's comment above , well , once or twice , meaning , yes it was exposed to water ! rain is water . could have gone in between the bezel of the handset or moisture residue got built up . get it checked out hardware wise . . . would not be surprised if the moisture build up is interfering with the touchscreen 's recognition of touch .
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
i believe you will find it in settings > notification settings > then make sure enable popup is not selected . ( i just tested disabling popup messages - it works . phone vibrates with new message , screen stays off . ) alternatively , you can keep popup enabled , select popup settings > then make sure screen on for popup is not selected . this should allow the popup when you are using the phone , but not when the screen is off .
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
to restore a nandroid backup , the device cannot be in " normal operation mode " . you have to boot into your ( custom ) recovery ( see our tag-wikis on : recovery-mode / clockworkmod / twrp ) , from where you can trigger a full restore . with clockworkmod recovery , it is e.g. found in the backup and restore sub-menu . stock recoveries do not offer taking/restoring nandroid backups . but as you were able to create one , it is pretty safe to assume you have also got a custom recovery installed to your device .
a hard reset is traditionally when you kill all power to the phone and then boot it up from that state . normally you remove the battery , then put it back in and boot up . you are right about factory reset -- it erases all your settings and data , leaving the os . unfortunately , some people use " hard reset " when they really mean " factory reset " .
i would say the app is baidu browser or any other app from baidu . despite not being able to see an app in the laucher , you could have some sort of malware app installed that will only display notify items but stood hidden in background . on your phone go to settings > application manager and check for all the apps you have installed . if you find an app that you have not installed , uninstalling it might end the notification issues . if you only install apps from google 's play store i would suggest you disable the unknown source option to enable/disable the installation of third party app ( if you have this option enabled ) . you can find the option in either settings > security , settings > developement or settings > application manager ( depending on your android version ) as for the rom and updates , they can not do anything about malware apps .
you can do it by two means , from a custom recovery or directly from odin . you will need to find the kernel file apropriate for your phone and then either : reboot the phone in download mode , connect the usb and use odin to flash the kernel . reboot the phone in recovery and flash the kernel . just remember that odin and recovery kernel files are different , so you can not download the odin file and then flash it from recovery .
for syncing music to your device i use songbird and find it throughly good , and a great itunes alternative . i would suggest you run songbird , then let it find all your music files , take the original files off your samsung , and then sync sonbird with the galaxy device . good luck ! builds can be found here
the easiest way to do this is install winamp on both your computer and your phone . it is a free software and app , so no purchase is necessary . this will do exactly what itunes does with i* devices . winamp will discover your phone on your computer and allow you to literally drag and drop your music files to your phone within winamp . it also imports all your songs from your itunes music folder , so it is a very simple process . it even updates the library if the itunes music folder is updated ( songs are deleted or added ) .
just move your mp3 files to the media folder on the phone and music players will see them . you will also be able to assign the files to the contacts from your address book as personal ringtones .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
remount sd card or even restart will also work or just browse using any file manager type of apps and play using music app . . .
check compatibility of your device here http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/win8/compatcenter/productdetailsviewer?type=hardwarename=samsung%20galaxy%20ace%20smartphonevendor=samsungmodelorversion=gt-s5830locale=1033breadcrumbpath=samsung%20galaxy%20ace%20smartphonetemposid=win8
that is a known bug with kitkat , not only affecting the nexus but other devices as well . we discussed that on chat lately . a work-around is using an app like appchooser , which replaces the share menu . as a side-effect , it even gives you several improvements above the built-in share menu , as e.g. the possibility to chose between grid and list display , or have the list sorted alphabetically versus last-used ( where the latter would have your most frequently used share-targets always on top ) . you can even hide apps you do not want to see in the share menu ( and make them visible via the " show all " button ) . appchoser ( source : google play ) the only alternative i know of is andmade share , which offers comparable features .
htc starting offering their own free unlock tool online some little while ago in an effort to be more hack-friendly , and the g1 ( or dream ) is one of the phones you can unlock with it . failing that you can also contact htc support to get the unlock code .
if you wish you can check with online unlocking service provider called mobile-unlocker . com who will help you in unlocking your g1 within 1-2 working days . . .
try clearing all notifications . there is a button , my phone is in spanish but i guess in english it should say " clear " or " remove all " something like that .
try kingsoft office . . . it can open and edit all sorts of office files , and view pdf . it allows you to have several documents open and switch between them in a tabbed interface . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cn.wps.moffice_eng
to answer my own question : while i have not found a completely satisfactory solution to this problem , i have discovered in adobe 's reader app the " recents " list - which shows recently read documents in the descending order of last-opened date . this , combined with the fact that the reader app remembers the position of each document that you read , and the fact that the " recents " menu is only a click of the back button away , gives a workable solution to reading multiple documents at a time , albeit slowly . i wish that someone from 1998 could come back in time and give us proper multitasking . how great it would be ! for now , i hope this idea helps someone else .
use stick app in android hope it helps
i had same problem , i searched forums , but could not find a nice solution . than i switched to test some appps , and kingsoft office and pdf is quite good . if you open a new pdf file , it will appeae as a new tab . and the same with docs , but all different file tipes are in a new window link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cn.wps.moffice_eng i started to use it today , so a cant tell anything about bugs or stability of the app
i have looked , but it seems there is nothing that will work with the volume up button to undo the silence .
that is odd - mine behaves the way you want : pressing volume down decreases the volume , and then goes into vibrate and finally silent mode ; then pressing volume up reverses all of this . my nexus 4 has the current version of android : 4.3 ( jwr66y ) on it .
judging by the details you have provided , there is nothing to be afraid of regarding the notification . the spy activity you mentioned is never an actual warning from the os but a mere notification generated by the game to involve you in playing it . ( most probably you will be told that some enemy is spotted spying on you in an on-game mission , after the notification is selected and the game is opened . ) so after all , that notification is not a actual positive spyware warning . nothing to worry . you can not read previously cleared notifications of the notification bar . but you might be able to see the previous notification of your game if the game has a such a function in-built . check for notifications or mission updates in in-game menus . this , of course , is bit of a long shot . if there is no such option , those notifications also cannot be viewed .
while you are calling you should press the " + " button . if you are at the home screen and then press the " + " button , the ringtone volume will be louder .
if the " default storage " is not showing there then you should use any third party application . app2sd , androidassistant , cleanmaster or link2sd should do this . but if your device is rooted you should definitely try link2sd , with some few tweaks it automatically transfers all apps to sdcard . hope that helps .
to upgrade your phone to official lg 's ics release do the following ( remember to backup all your important data before starting ) : go to official lg support page for your region , downloads and manuals section scroll down to search by keyword and input this : Optimus-2X-P990 , click the only result . scroll down to downloads click the tab software update follow carefully all the instructions there .
i have had the same problem since upgrading my rom . the solution i am going to present will lead to the loss of unsent emails , so copy them to somewhere . you have to clear the application data . to do that you go to : settings > applications > manage applications look for gmail and clear data it will synchronize again with gmail servers and the problem should be solved . send a test e-mail to yourself .
samsung galaxy s2 . . . same solution touch click " incoming settings " which looks like a label rather than a field
changing your account setting will allow you to access your e-mail , but will not reset the google account synchronization . after you update your passwords in the accounts of the security section then open the playstore application . the playstore application will then notice your change of password and will prompt you for the new one . give the new password and that is it .
in samsung galaxy s2: settings > accounts and sync > ( select your exchange email ) > account settings > ( select your added account ) > scroll down to sub heading " sever settings " > exchange server settings under that heading is : domain\user name password exchange server settings the phone does not prompt you for a new password . that would be nice if it did , instead of continually updating you with notifications that it could not connect to the exchange server .
the phone should prompt you for the new password once it gets an error back from exchange . if it does not - you can try removing the account and re-adding it on Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync page .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
no , you cannot edit the host file without root privileges . but , if you have access to the internet connection on which your kindle in connecting , you can modify dns entries there . your kindle first looks at its host file , then asks the dns server to resolve a hostname . provided you have admin privileges somewhere in the chain , you can insert your own record ; since you do not have admin access on the localhost ( kindle ) , you go further up the chain to a link where you do have admin rights . if you are going over cell data or are on a wifi network that you do not own , you could instead set up a vpn to a network to which you do have full rights . then set up whatever dns records you want ( in the hosts file of the vpn server , or some other method ) . when connected to a vpn , your device should query the dns server over vpn , thus giving you control once more .
probably damian gave you the best answer . an alternative i could suggest is , if you have rooted your phone , consider trying miui rom cause the new version ( 1.6 ) has the a theming lockscreen with already dozens of available themes and tweaks . maybe you find what your looking for there .
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
maybe this application will help you ; http://www.appbrain.com/app/executive-assistant/com.appventive.execassist it is pretty expensive but looks pretty powerful .
open the " people " application and press the menu key , and then " view " and click " only contacts with phone numbers "
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
/proc/config.gz ( and consequently .config ) , a file containing all needed flags for the linux kernel building process , can only be found if the kernel maker / your device manufacturer explicitly enabled config.gz availability when the linux kernel was being built . so if it is not present in /proc , you had have to either do a trial-and-error , get help from somebody else , or contact the manufacturer .
getting the proper adb version and also using linux instead of windows and screwing with the usb debug feature until a proper rsa key exchange finally occurred . the combination of the 3 corrected the issue . . . . .
you can perform updates on installed app 's accessing the play store : find the play store icon on your home screen or in your app drawer and tap it to open it up . once the play store loads , tap the menu button on your device and choose the " my apps " option . wait until the list gets filled . if there are available updates you will see:: a text that says " update " to the right of the app 's name , you can long press it to update that app ; additionally , you can press " update " on the top of the list to update all app 's . usually a number is present to the right , that refers to the total number of updates available .
there is a nice app full of options , among them , the slide to silence : quick launch - lock screen
you need to use something like widgetlocker for that .
the sureshot way is to root and install cyanogenmod . it has a host of options to increase the speaker output .
you always can install button savior on rooted roms ( however i am not aware if it has compatibility problems with some ) . it worths a try , because it is free ( but also has a pro version to purchase ) . it allows you to add hardware keys of your phone as virtual software keys on any location of the screen . so you can easily trigger home or back keys just by touching their icons on screen , even on full-screen apps and games .
you can backup sms , mms and call logs to your gmail account with this free app . being online , you would not lose your backups even if wipe your sd card or lose your phone . this is better than using titanium backup , as it can sometimes cause issues .
answer : no you can not . reason : you can not install the miui backup app on another rom , because it is a signed system apk . solution : use a backup solution which is available for all roms . if you just want to backup and restore sms , then use the free https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.riteshsahu.smsbackuprestore source : i am a miui beta tester and former moderator on the original forum en . miui . com
i do not think you can use the miui specific functionality , but using titanium backup you can backup your sms and mms : open titanium backup press the search icon at the top and then the filter icon which appears to the right of the search input box at the bottom of the ' filters ' screen , press the " create label " button enter the label name - " sms " press the " add/remove elements _" button find and check the " [ sms/mms/apn ] dialer storage 2.2" checkbox - it may be called ' messages ( sms and mms ) ' depending on what os you are using . press the " ok " button and then the " save " button press the back radio button select the " schedules " tab press the " add new schedule " button located at the bottom on the schedule that just appeared , titled ' redo backups for newer app versions ' , press the " edit " button on the top combo box select the arrow to pull down the menu . select the " backup all system data " option on the next combo box that says " no filtering " , click the arrow to pull down a menu . you should see your label you created . select your label . select the time you want your backup to take place select the days you want your backup to take place press the " save " button check the " enabled " check box to enable your schedule now titanium backup will automatically backup your messages at the specified time and day or days . note : you will need the titanium backup pro key to access the batch operations . you can also backup your call call history by adding ' [ contacts/calls ] contacts storage 2.2' or ' call log ' to a label taken in part from this guide on xda
there only way to get into your phone is to wipe all downloaded applications but keep all data on your internal sd card . this can be done by switching off the phone . then hold the volume up button and press the switch on button . select to delete all user data . do not worry as this will not delete data on your internal sd card . select reboot . the proccess of selecting is done by volume buttons . you confirm using the menu button . if backed your apps with es file explorer you can have them back without any internet connection . select the back app file in my files and install all your apps back again without any internet connection .
here is a shell function to check for loop support without creating a loop device . it should even work as non-root . note there exist losetup versions with different behavior of -f . sometimes they would automatically load loop module if needed and possible . and some versions would even directly return 1 if no loop support available . others just print "/dev/loop0" although there is no such device . the function above tries to be safe for all known cases . note that you may still need to load the loop module to have usable loop devices available . if you are root you could also run a real " modprobe loop " before losetup to be sure .
you can use the following command at the terminal : export  and search for : LOOP_MOUNTPOINT  if there is a loop_mounpoint , probably you can mount loop devices . updated how to test ? download a freedos image ( http://www.freedos.org/ ) 40mb iso . make a loop device association : losetup /dev/block/loop4 fd11src.iso  mount a iso device mkdir freedos_img mount -t iso9660 -o ro /dev/block/loop4 freedos_img  and there is this the mounted iso at freedos_img
just came across this . i was having the same issue . you could just do zcat /proc/config.gz | grep CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP from a terminal emulator . if you get a y , you are good to go .
you can verify by checking /proc/config.gz and search through it looking for the configure option - CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=y . to do that you need to do it this way : cp /proc/config.gz /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  and adb pull /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  unzip the kernel_config . gz and open it up in a notepad or text editor and search it . if its either # CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP is not set or CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=n all bets are off .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
try the proposed solutions in this post . in short , one of these may trigger media scan : send a broadcast intent action_media_mounted . note that it is possible to send an intent via ./adb shell am . run the rescan media app renaming a file taking a photo through the camera app remounting sd card rebooting
while other answers have given nice workarounds for this issue , most of them seem to not work properly in ics . the only sure method of deleting all pictures was as such : delete all files in dcim folder clear data for gallery clear data for media storage kill both gallery and android . process . media i have attempted to get these into a script , the issue is with 3 - as media storage does not give it is process name , and as such i can not clear data through ' adb shell pm clear processname ' for it .
i made a tool do help even the most the computer illiterate person recover their files using this method . you will , however need to follow the instructions in the article if you have not set up adb . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=51822116
if you have windows pc try this . back up any data in sd card and save it in pc . insert your sd card in any card reader and insert in pc press Windows Key + R and the run dialog should popup . type in diskpart and hit enter . once diskpart comes up , type list disk . ( this will show you all the disks that are attached to the system . you will want to note the number of the one that is your sd card/flash drive . you should be able to distinguish it based on it is small size compared to your hard disks . ) select the sd card by typing select disk number ( eg:select disk 2 ) type list part and it will show you what partitions are already on the disk . next to remove all the partitions from the disk just type clean . afterwards type list part and the console should say that there are now no partitions on the disk . ( if you need more than one partition goto step 8 ) type create partition primary and this will create a new partition that fills the available space on the disk . you can type list part to confirm that the new partition has been created . goto step 11 if you want it a particular size add the size parameter size=20 eg : create partition primary size=100 ( with the size in mbs ) select the new partition select partition 1 ( you can list partition using list partition command ) now format it to fat32 format FS=Fat32 label="SDCARD" repeat 8,9,10 to create more partition ( you can use exfat instead of fat32 if you have more than 4gb sdcard , you can omit the label part if not needed ) thats it now you can close diskpart and eject the sd card and insert in your android
the galaxy grand neo from my reading does not support usb otg . you could just stream videos onto your phone from your pc / desktop , and there are plenty of apps to do that . there is some great further reading in this question " how can i determine if my device has usb host mode and usb otg support . "
i got this : ) . everything was working normally , but only the system default packages were deleted . i used lg mobile support tool and update it again , which brings the phone default rom to its original state . thanks for the reply .
as saiboogu says jpx is a 2.2 froyo rom , i am pretty sure the last released 2.1 update was jmx . for anyone who is struggling to understand samsung 's build numbers , they seem to use a 3 letter code where the first two letters are the software version ( going up in alphabetical order ) and the third digit refers to a specific customization of that software version , generally network/country specific customizations change the last digit when your operator pre-saves their apn settings , boot logo , and any operator bundled apps directly into the rom .
it is a froyo rom , according to comments i have read around xda . a custom froyo rom based on jpa blog entry detailing the european froyo update rollout , references jpa
when my friend 's send me photos through a text message through their iphone 's i am unable to retrive the message . it says that it is downloadimg . . . but it never downloads . why is this the case ?
a few things you could try . . . ( good luck ! ) reset the messaging app settings> menu> applications> manage applications> soft menu key> filter> all . scroll to the messaging app and tap that . tap clear data , clear defaults , then force stop . powercycle the phone . test mms . if it fails to resolve the issue go the messaging application and tap the menu soft key> settings> menu soft key again> restore default settings . alternative messaging apps try chompsms or handcent from the market . download the message first i forget how you do this exactly :o/ maybe long press or menu button ? then try viewing the image from the gallery app .
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
here is the google play link for google voice , if that is what you have been looking for . total offline answering machine functionality is not possible due to androids technical barriers . see this thread on xda . you can use apps like youmail visual voicemail which sounds promising . if not , you can easily find many alternatives after a quick search on google play .
have you tried to use 0000 for both ? it is the most commonly-used password for devices that does not ask for password , or also set as the default passwird .
your three questions are really all about the same thing . since the issue is specific to fairphone , this tells us that the problem is in their changes to android . it could be in their customizations to the camera app , or in the device driver for the relevant hardware , or in the integration as a whole . software defects can not always be blamed on a single part of the system : sometimes the error only results from different software components not working together the way they should . the question of why software defects come about and live for so long is much too broad to answer here . integration problems are relatively hard to fix , because often they are only seen in the whole system : disabling any one part to isolate the problem makes it go away . drivers are the least reliable part of any os , and of course that is going to be more so for a small company that does not have the manpower or experience of the mainstream smartphone manufacturers .
can you provide a logcat of the issue ? assuming you have adb , connect your ace to the pc , fire up adb , and type adb start-server adb logcat &gt; logcat.txt  the issue is probably because the router is having trouble giving out addresses , but i am not sure .
while i do not know any built-in solution , there are several birthday reminder apps available on the playstore promising exactly that , e.g. : birthdays ( including widgets ) birthdays ( puts them in your notification bar when due ) birthday reminder ( again notifications ) many more the 3 example apps i have picked above use your google contacts to check for birthdays , so you do not need to manage a separate list . others might use their own databases , so check their descriptions . there might be " privacy issues " when those apps have access to your contacts ( which is needed for the birthday reminders ) and full internet ( e . g . for ads ) at the same time , which you might wish to keep an eye on while picking a suiting app .
you can take a look at locus maps , which allows for importing many different formats , including gpx , kml and kmz . if the latter are nicely organized , a kmz can even include images for pois etc . to be used offline ( how to do this , is described step-by-step in this tutorial on the locus forum ) , see the screenshot below 2 for an example of detail display , showing an older version of the app . the app even allows for navigation ( network only needed at the start , for route calculation ) , offline maps ( downloadable right from within the app 1 ) , and much more :
the solution i use is trekbuddy . i have been using this app for the past 5 years in various platforms from java to symbian to android . this app can load offline map and show your ( gps ) position on it . it can show and record your trail ( as gpx ) and you can show predefined way points on the map ( using gpx again ) . being a free project from beginning , it does not have a great documentation and support . in spite of all these downsides , i can still vouch it as one of the most useful and most powerful gps-navigation-tracking app . it requires a bit of learning curve and some serious homework , but that comes at the benefit of using the navigation with out internet connection . there are quite a lot of documentation , tools and how-tos in wiki style in their home page . i have been using this app for my trekking , city navigation and touring . few capabilities of this app are : display a previously downloaded map tiles and over lay current gps position on it . show the trail as an overlay on the map . display previously defined way points on the map display previously defined route on the map . play a sound when the current position is with in a given radius of a way point log the entire trail as gpx switch between various maps available for java , symbian , android , blackberry phones display statistics like average speed , average moving speed , altitude change , number of satellite seen etc as seen in the following image : all the above without internet connectivity all the above free . ps : i am in no way associated with trekbuddy other than i am using it and amazed by its usefulness , which you would have probably guessed by now ; - ) there are other apps like osmand , which can do the above with and without internet connection . few features will not work without internet connection , but all that you asked will work . official google maps now allows pre-downloading map tiles . with this you can select an area which you would be visiting and download them when you are with wifi connection . however there are no way you can record the route . for that you may have to use mytracks app from google .
you can choose one specific route and save it to use later : c|net - save maps for offline use in google maps for android
take a look at the app tasker . also the free app llama may also be able to do this . tasker and llama automate tasks on your phone . so you can have them say if this condition ( car charger plugged in ) then do something ( activate svoice ) .
no , not if you are using the google authenticator app . you will be able to receive the sms with the code , but you will not be able to link the app . always print out your backup codes in case of this : account - security - 2 step verification - backup codes
afaik , cm does not ( yet ) support to configure it . issue 5268 at the cm tracker addresses this ( yours , i take it ? ) - so anybody else affected is encouraged to " star " it . meanwhile , an app named call waiting configurations might provide a work-around ( not sure , i did not test it myself ) until the cm team adds the possibility of configuration . or you could instead activate the checkbox to " vibrate on call waiting": additionally , the following apps might be worth checking : advanced call settings call wait vibrate
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
try somee appz like power amp , pro player for equalizer setting
move the big application installed in the internal memory to sd card and clear cache . . with some appz like ccleaner for android . .
with the stock rom , you will not be able to do anything . consider switching to a custom rom like cyanogenmod . or , if you like the stock samsung experience , you can find several stock based roms on xda which gives you this feature
lucky boy ! when i did the root procedure on my galaxy s4 , i did not figure out that i was going to lost my warranty increasing the knox counter . . . infact almost any root procedure will do this . but , as i told you before , you are lucky because there is some new root-procedure that will not increase the knox counter . you can read further on this : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/universal-root-de-la-vega-script/ hope i have helped you ! luca
there are two events that will trigger the knox flag to change from 0x0 to 0x1 . unsigned recovery ( recovery . img ) is flashed unsigned kernel ( boot . img ) is flashed it is not the actual custom rom that trips knox when you get to flashing . it is the step before that , getting a custom recovery loaded in order to flash the rom itself . this is also why the de-la-vega root method works , because it flashes a prerooted stock system image to your device without touching the two partitions that do trip knox of modified .
probably this is not your case , but i have found an htc one s with similar behavior ( no usb sign of life , even in dmesg and lsusb ) and the problem was the cable . it was like an usb cable but it was not a usb cable , only a power cable ! all the four pins were there but only two of them were connected , and instead of the usb logo it just had a lightning logo on both ends . now the question is : why does such a cable exist ? how much can be saved not connecting the two data pins of a usb cable ? 1 µ$ per cable ?
all arm chips are currently 32-bit . because of this , android currently executes all code in a 32-bit environment . 64-bit processors set to launch in 2014 .
is android a 32- or 64- bit os ? i assume that it is one or another and not both , as that would force both 32- and 64-bit binaries to be hosted on google play . neither actually . android is a dalvik vm-based os , and google play hosts dalvik applications . dalvik vm itself , like java vm , is always 32-bit regardless of the bitness of the physical machine . as you suspected , applications that ships with native binaries and ndk applications must ship with binaries compiled for every architectures it is intended to run at . the most common architecture that android runs on is arm 32-bit ; however there are also devices that runs on x86 and mips .
in the realm of the arm chipsets which is the common factor , the entire android stack , from the near-identical kernel based on linux , are in fact , 32bit , cross-compiled from usually either a 32bit/64bit host environment , the host environment is usually one of the distributions of linux . recommended distribution , by google , for building and cross-compiling android is ubuntu . the android run-time library ( media , graphics , filesystem , to name but a few ) are also 32bit , but as we reach the layer of the dalvikvm , then the number of bits becomes irrelevant as it is at this point , the apks coming from the google play store are native bytecode ( a " by-product " of generated java code compiled into a portable bytecode ) which targets the dalvikvm ( virtual machine ) which in turn interprets and translates the bytecode targetting the raw arm instruction set . froyo was the last android that enabled compilation under a 32bit hosted environment in which it was cross-compiled targetting the arm chipset . gingerbread was the first of " future " android , back then circa , three years ago , that introduced a requirement to use a 64bit hosted environment in which it was built . there was many hacks to get gingerbread to be built under 32bit hosted environment . ics and jb , and upwards now definitely requires a 64bit environment to speed up compilation and to reduce turn-around time in building . so to sum up , what you see on the play store has no bearing on whether 32bit or 64bit are used and thus irrelevant . side note : typical 16gb ram/quad core/64bit linux distribution , the time it takes to build ics from scratch , takes 30minutes maximum , had this being a 32bit linux distribution , it would have taken longer , in fact , may cause a cpu meltdown as there is simply , not enough processing power to churn and crank out cross-compiled code , which is a very demanding and taxing process ! proof of this . pull in any native arm binary found in /system/bin or /system/xbin , for example , /system/bin/dalvikvm , this is the dalvik vm binary that is responsible for the upper layers of java and apks . now , examine the binary by issuing this command : file dalvikvm which gives a summary of the type of file it is , the expected output would be this : dalvikvm : elf 32-bit lsb executable , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked ( uses shared libs ) , stripped notice the reference to 32-bit elf , and is cross-compiled to arm and is a binary executable . right , moving on , let 's inspect a native shared library found in /system/lib , for example , /system/lib/libandroid_runtime.so , now issue file libandroid_runtime.so , the expected output would be this : libandroid_runtime . so : elf 32-bit lsb shared object , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked , stripped again , notice , its 32-bit elf , cross-compiled to arm and is a shared library . the key to the host 's cross-compilation can be found in the aosp source , i.e. , gingerbread build originally had a requirement to be built on a 64bit host system , here 's the newsgroup linky referring to how to patch the scripts to get it to build on 32bit host which has two patches , found here , for build/core.mk and build/main.mk ( combined ) on aosp 's gerrit review . as a subsequent result , this patch had made its way to ics 's build scripts in which i did have the privilege of compiling ics on a 32bit platform which took 3 days to build ( it was a port of ics for the zte blade ) . now , the requirements are ramped up , you do definitely need 64bit host to enable cross-compilation of building aosp from ics upwards : )
try booting into safe mode . it should set things right up . you could determine the problem much easier there . that will turn off all 3rd party services , leaving plain android behind . to goto safe mode , press the power button on your device . touch and hold the power off option in the dialog box . touch ok in the following dialog to start safe mode .
you may need to ' upgrade ' the driver to the adb version . open device manager , find your phone and right click it . select " update driver software " . on the window that appears choose the " let me pick " option . you should then see a couple of different drivers , select the one that includes " adb " and click ok through any further windows . ( remember which one was selected before so you can repeat this to return to the ' normal ' driver ) you should then be able to run the adb backup .
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
i know there are tons of ui differences between the nexus and samsung galaxy s4 . however , here 's what works for the s4 , in case it leads you in the right direction . from the google+ slide menu , go to " photos " and tap the desired photo . once open , tap the phone 's hardware menu button , then tap " set as . . . " --> " more " --> " contact photo " and select the desired contact . apologies if your nexus does not have the " set as . . . " menu option .
thats just by the help of google contacts , you cannot do anything on your own , however you can change contact info by yourself , like update the photo to user or contact ! however there is a way , every your contact on google , will be able to get their images in your contacts . but for that their must be some email , phone number , or atleast the name matching the name or other data at the google servers !
here are the steps i followed on my 4.2 nexus 7 . i assume there is an easier way , but these worked for me : open the google + app find an article whose image has the " there be photos here " icon superimposed on it -- it looks like a circle containing a square , and inside the square is a blob that is supposed to suggest a mountain range tap that article tap the photo in the background . this opens a new window whose header is " photos from posts " . tap the menu button in the upper right ( it looks like three tiny squares in a column . . . a bit like traffic lights ) . choose " download image " . go back to the home screen , and find the " downloads " app . open it . find the thing you just downloaded . tap it . now you are in the " gallery " app ; you should see the three-tiny-squares menu button in the upper-right again . tap that . choose " set picture as " . choose " contact photo " . scroll through your contacts until you find the one you want , then tap it . crop it , then click " ok " yikes ! an awful lot of steps .
dcim has historically been used to store pictures and videos - it stands for digital camera images . the location is hard coded into the camera application and cannot be changed . there are a small number of alternative camera apps on the market - i have not looked , but they may support custom image/video save locations . without a rooted device , there is no way to use the mount command at boot , unless you make an app to do it . this could in theory work , but that command would most likely need root to be executed ( i will try now and tell you ) . apps however should not think that only images reside in the dcim directory . this is incorrect , and you would do well to contact the app developer to tell them this .
you say " tasker does not seem a solution " . if you already have tasker installed you can do the following : create a task with 6 actions that puts the names of the files in the camera folder into an array , then loops through the array moving files one by one depending on the filename extention . note , in the if statements , ~ means matches , and ! ~ means does not match . ( your directory may look different to mine ) list files dir : external-sd/dcim/camera variable : %myfiles variable set name %arrayindex to 0 variable add name %arrayindex value : 1 move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/pics if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ *.jpg move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/vids if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ * . mp4 goto type action number number 3 if %arrayindex ! ~ %myfiles ( # ) now you can launch this task with a shortcut on your homescreen , or you can make it fully automatic by having tasker run this task whenever the camera app closes . to do this create a context -application-camera , and link it to the above task . then long-click on the task and select " move to exit "
the share menu simply lists apps that have an appropriate intent filter for the share action with the type of data being shared . so the only way to get a new item on the share menu is to install an app that does the thing you want . if one does not already exist , it is not that hard to create one following the official documentation , but since this is not a programming forum , we can not help you any further .
each mobile phone has an unique unlock code . you can buy the unique unlock code for your sony ericsson xperia x10 mobile phone in unlocking4u , and follow their free instructions to get free from the locked network .
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
it would be nice to tell us info about your device . i suppose all those problems are device specific ( or rom for specific device ) . my experiences with device samsung galaxy s2 and huawei g300 shows that there is not that much big difference between battery usage on 802.1x and wpa2-psk . ~ jiri
according to their bug tracker , webrtc is currently broken on firefox android . you can get audio or video , but not both , and attempting to get both results in your getting neither . as for chrome android , it is only in the beta ( m25 and later ) and is disabled by default . to enable it , type chrome://flags into the url bar , then scroll down and find the " enable webrtc " checkbox and check it . it'll then prompt you to restart the browser . note that webrtc in chrome is really beta , not " google beta " and has some issues , such as ; audio sounds choppy and warbled especially on devices where the cpu is heavily loaded acoustic echo cancellation on mobile platforms is not working well chroma components received from the galaxy s3 camera drivers are swapped ( colors look inverted ) dtls via openssl on android fails and needs to be disabled general stability and complexity issues another note , neither of these browsers quite follows the standard , so the people who are writing the sites need to be adapting for the browsers eccentricities and if they are not being throughout , it will work on one browser , but not the other .
kitkat has a feature where , when wi-fi is turned off , it periodically scans for networks to allow wi-fi-based location detection to work . to turn this off:- go to the wi-fi settings on the overflow menu ( the three dots ) select advanced uncheck scanning always available even when an app turns on wi-fi fully , this is not done with an intent ; rather , it is done by calling the method WifiManager.setWifiEnabled . only apps with the permission " connect and disconnect from wi-fi " can do this .
if it is not that kitkat feature dan mentioned , and the intervals are reasonably short ( so e.g. it happens at least once while you are sleeping at night ) : enable usb debugging connect your device to your pc via usb on your pc , run adb logcat | tee wifi.log go to bed next morning , press ctrl + c check wifi.log to see when it was triggered ( and hopefully , by whom ) this should at least help narrowing things down . even if it does not explicitly state " app x triggering wifi " , you can check for patterns , like " evertime wifi had been turned on , i find event z of app x mentioned a few lines before " . good indicator it might have to do with x then . so check whether x has some network ( or " coarse location" ) permissions requested ( and granted ) , as if not , it is unlikely to be your candidate . otherwise , try disabling/freezing/uninstalling it , and see if your issue is gone . if so , you found it – if not , repeat with the next .
i had the same issue with my device ( note 3 ) . t-mobile does not seem to have a " connection optimizer " feature in its line of phones . in t-mo 's case the feature that needs to be disabled is the " wi-fi manager " . to disable this feature you need to do the following : access your t-mobile account ( for me i just press on the " t-mobile my account " app ) . press the menu button on your device , then select " options " . under " notifications " uncheck the box marked " display wi-fi manager notifications " . under " connection assistant " select " open wi-fi manager " . uncheck the box for " manage wi-fi connections " . that is it . . . i talked to t-mobile tech support about an unrelated issue and offhandedly mentioned this problem . the rep informed me that this was a known issue and stated that this issue was being addressed . in the mean time disabling the " wi-fi manager " is a temporary fix to address this problem . here is the shorthand way to disable the wi-fi manager : t-mobile my account -> menu -> options -> " display wi-fi manager notifications " ( uncheck ) -> " open wi-fi manager " ( under " connection assistant" ) -> ( uncheck ) " manage wi-fi connections " .
try clearing the data for the market app : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All and find the market app if it is running , kill it with the button there clear the data ( this will clear the cache as well , no need to do both manually ) restart your phone then try the market again . edit : since that did not work , i would try wiping the data partition ( similar to a factory reset ) : power off your phone boot into bootloader mode by holding down volume down , power , and the camera button . pull the battery and power back on while holding the home button . once you see an android with the triangle and exclamation point , press the search button . using the side volume buttons to move around and the power button to select , select the " wipe data " option . once the wipe is finished , select " reboot system now " .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
do you have superuser ? if so , make sure it is giving the app superuser privileges . i use this one : system app remover pro 3.0.1035 package : com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro version ( code ) : 3.0.1035 ( 223 ) size : 669.9 kb ( 685930 bytes ) installed on sd : false installed : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:09 pm updated : feb 13 , 2014 6:58:31 pm flags : 572996 sourcedir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk publicdir : /data/app/com . jumobile . manager . systemapp . pro-2 . apk requires : android . permission . access_network_state , android . permission . internet , android . permission . read_phone_state , android . permission . access_wifi_state , android . permission . write_external_storage , android . permission . read_external_storage , com . android . launcher . permission . install_shortcut
it is not that easy to remove those apps . i would suggest installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod ( that is what i did myself ) . you might have some problems with apps that do not work under that custom rom and there is no way back . . . i assume that you want to use google play store therefore the " google apps " come by default included in this proprietary package . i have found a script for doing what you want to do , it did not work for myself and i ended up using a custom rom try http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2307355 it is a script which you can modify , you need a rooted device and cwm or twrp
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
after you create a widget , you will be able to customize its settings as you see in the flow below . in the 3rd image , the layout section is the 3rd tab ( or whatever it is called ) .
you probably need to enable or disable tls or ssl for the account .
i have verified that google+ version 2.4.1.271037 on android 4.0.3 uses https for instant upload . i did what @shambleh suggested and performed a network trace at my internet gateway . enabled instant upload , snapped a picture , and saw a bunch of traffic hitting google servers ( ip address 74.125.226.70 , but remember this may change ) on http port 443 . using wireshark , it is clear that the traffic is encrypted .
it is hard to tell which protocol is being used in the g+ app ( especially since google is trying out new protocols like spdy lately ) . this is by no means a guaranteed approach , but you may be able to take some steps to answer this one yourself using information from the so post monitor network activity in android phones . they recommend using a tool called shark for root which seems to be like wireshark for android handsets . please note , that if you are not very network savvy , the output may be difficult to interpret and will probably require an install of wireshark on a pc to interpret . note : if i get a chance in the next few days , i will try out this approach myself and update the answer .
nope . no other 3rd party app will be able to access your data in the memo . applications on your phone are sandboxed meaning they can not access other apps data . check this : &gt; The Android Application Sandbox, which isolates your app data and code &gt; execution from other apps. 
from google support : if you are using a nexus 7 and touching its back to another device , make sure the other device is near the " u " in " nexus " to successfully beam content . " beam " in this quote is referring to android beam , android 's name for nfc content transfer .
looking at a teardown of the new nexus 7 , it looks to be near the center again ( here you can see in the photo the nfc is under the inductive charging ) . ifixit did a pretty good teardown of it here which may give you more detail .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
here 's a version i developed that does it exactly like this - be aware there could be bugs in this , it may not work for cdma/evo as am in the eu using gsm ! it is a client/server based architecture . install to install the application , do the following : plug in cable into device adb install WifiTether3G-release.apk the gist of the app is this : server activate the wifi tethering , then : launch this app - wifitether3g hit menu tap on settings set the app to either be a client or server . if server , put in a name for the server - its a nickname , that can be anything you like . default is *wifitether3g_ap* . likewise , set up the port , to be anything over 1024 and less than 65536 ( why ? internet reserves ports from 0-1023 ! ) default is 1337 . . . : ) the above shall be for the server . client activate the wifi to connect to the wifi access point , then : launch this app - wifitether3g hit menu tap on settings un-check the box server in order to make the application behave as client . tap on start on the main application window , depending on which side is it - if it is server , it will run listening on the specified port . if the application is running as client , it will connect to the server , and periodically waits for the incoming data and notifies the notification pull-down bar . the message on the notification bar will be similar to " servernickname ' s 3g signal is " followed by the following : crap - 1 bar signal alright - 2 bar signal good - 3 bar signal excellent - 4 bar signal ( am not sure exactly how it would be for cdma/evo ) this will be followed by the date/time in square brackets for example , [ 05/09 19:33:01 ] edit : i am in the process of updating the code , there is a widget in place but needs a bit more spit and polish . . . stay tuned : ) update : i have updated the application , there is a widget now in place , if running as a client , long press on home screen , pick wifitether3g which takes up 1x1 space , the graphical image will change based on the signal . also , for the settings screen , notification can be switched off as you wish . i will be uploading it to google play store as a free app , shortly . ( linky updated ) version
you can use unlock code to unlock your lg optimus t which is the safe and easy way . you can get the unlock code from the service/network provider . but , mostly they will provide the unlock code if your phone if off contract . in that case you can get the unlock code from online vendors like mobileunlocksolutions . com for a price . they will give you the unlock code along with instruction on how to unlock .
simple solution for you . get your lg optimus unlocked by obtaining an unlock code so that you will be able to swap in your iphone sim card . just google for cheap lg sim/network unlock codes . be careful about sites that betrays you . you can also find some code vendors on ebay too .
i have this phone , and i have t-mobile . i called *611 and told them i was going to be traveling in europe and needed a sim unlock code . they agreed and it arrived about 12 hours later .
unfortunately it appears your only option is an unlock code , i have just done a search . this xda thread has a couple ways to get into the unlock screen so you can enter the code . your options for get the unlock code are to ask the carrier the phone is locked to -- they might give it to you if they are feeling nice -- or to buy it online . there are no reputable sellers of unlock codes online , of course , but you could search around and find someone whose experience seems reliable and use the same service that they did .
did you ever tried im+ i still think hangouts is better , but since you do not like it may by you could give im+ a chance . now it will not download all your previous chats that you had on talk , but after you are logged in it should display all messages that you send , recive , even if you are not directly sending them from your phone .
install adobe flash player for android . use boat browser as your android browser . enable flash via Settings &gt; Page content settings &gt; Enable flash/plug-ins . this is what i did to enable flash on my samsung galaxy s4 . no luck with stock browser and dolphin .
i hope it is okay to answer my own but i thought it might be useful to others . i found these looking around more : photon browser and puffin browser . both play flash sites without all the complicated installation of adobe .
there is a howto at makeuseof . com describing how to install adobe flash player on jellybean . excerpt : enable unknown-sources on your device grab the .apk for flash player from xda-developers and save/copy it to your sdcard use a file manager ( such as e.g. es file explorer file manager ) , navigate to the place you have stored the .apk , and tap the file once . this starts the installer . once the installation is finished , you should be able to play flash again . however , not every browser might support it . the very same article mentions how to enable flash support in firefox : open firefox , tap the menu button and open settings > plugins and choose enabled . that way you should be able to use it with your favorite websites .
if both devices are rooted , you can use airdroid , which offers an . . . realtime android screen ( experimental feature , root permission required ) view your android 's screen , take a screenshot , or even record a screencast . as you connect to the device using a web browser , you can just have two browser windows open - et voila , both devices should be shown simultaneously . alternativ solution : droid vnc server ( and other vnc servers ) . again , requires rooted device -- plus a vnc client on the computer . there are several more solutions , but they mostly fall in either of the mentioned categories .
if you think the phone might still be on / not deactivated , you could try installing plan b from lookout mobile . there are other apps that you can remotely load and wipe your memory card remotely so the thief cannot access your photos . however if the thief has since removed your memory cad , he can unfortunately access your photos .
if your memory card is not encrypted then your images and other data is not safe from the thief . vaulty simply hides files , not protect and encrypt them . but then again , most thieves are only after the money . mostly likely they will find a way to reformat your phone , delete all contents , and sell it as refurbished/used on ebay .
if you have your phone linked to your google account , your contacts are , by default , saved to your google account , and you can access them through gmail . even better , if you get a new phone and link it to the same account , it'll have all your contacts again . if it is linked and your phone is turned on you can find it is location through google 's device manager or remotely wipe your phone . keep in mind that if it is linked and they manage to get in somehow , they will be able to access your google account as well , so if you do not intend to locate the device you should unlink your device from your google account , blocking their access to your account . unfortunately , if your device is not linked , or you chose to save contacts locally instead of the default location , there is no way of getting your contacts back , unless your manufacturer offers a way for it and you have enabled it . i believe htc has something for it if you link your htc account .
there is no official google talk voice/video chat for android phones . you can use google talk in android 2.3.4+ to make video chats now . additionally , any calls made via google voice are done via cell tower ( using your minutes ) , not data .
sorry to bump an old question , but you can now make both audio and video calls from android with google talk if you have 2.3.4 ( gingerbread ) or higher . 1
i have been using mighty text for about 6 months now . works really well and has enough other features too .
for a windows 8 pc , you should try mysms . it has an native windows 8 client you can send/reveive texts on your windows 8 pc via your mobile operator . your pc and your phone will stay in sync .
or how about kies air ? you can connect to your pc using wi-fi and there are more functionalities than just texting . there is no need for a cable . this could be a plus or a min . without having to connect any cables , within a browser you can use diverse function such as multimedia transfer , music listening , pims management , text message , file search , and so on .
you might wish to run a search on google play . one good choice will be airdroid , which gives you a full remote maintenance suite . and of course you can send/receive sms using any browser you like .
you can try sms text messaging ↔pc texting . \u2605 Send &amp; Receive SMS on your computer ot tablet. \u2605 Instant Notifications on computer/tablet when SMS hits phone. 
if you have root on your phone , you can get an app like android commander which runs on your pc and when you connect your phone via usb , it'll let you browse and access all the files on the phone
from your message i understand that you gave your old phone to a technician who did the transfer to your new galaxy s4 for you . a phone swap is not necessarily a simple procedure and it all depends on what exactly the technician did . apparently he moved all your accounts to the new device but like you i doubt that he moved all the files to the new device . that being said , the pictures on your old phone will most likely still be there so there is nothing preventing you to connect your old phone to a computer and just copy those files to your computer or your new device . to confirm that the pictures are still there you can turn on the old phone and see if you can still see them . a deactivated phone only loses the actual mobile network connection but it should still be fully functional , even data with wifi . and for your last question nothing is preventing anyone with your phone in their hands from factory resetting it . but i do not see any reason that would justify why a technician would do that after a phone swap .
add your wifi network profile to the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . the exact location of wpa_supplicant.conf might be different on your phone - you can find it by looking at the wpa_supplicant service configuration in /init*rc files : grep wpa_supplicant /init*rc  then enable the wifi service with settings set global wifi_on 1  and reboot the phone . if you have done everything right - the phone would connect to your wifi network on the next power up .
i can help you in one way . as u asked , there is a way to connect your tablet with router with out entering password . now-a-days in almost all wifi routers , there in an option called wps ( wi-fi protected set up ) . it can be seen in the routers usually with a lock sign . so , u can select the router from the list populated and while prompting for the password u can press the wps key in the router . this will enable uto automatically set up the wi-fi without even entering the passwords . hope this will help u .
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
you are right that is the way the image should be captured and saved in the folder screenshots . but sadly , some of the rom manufactures remove this feature from the rom , do not know why , but yes they do so and the user is not able to use this feature . i have a phone , qmobile noir a8 and on this phone i was able to capture the screenshot through the very same process and this was the very first phone i noticed android os has this feature too . but then i installed a new custom rom on it . http://www.incpak.com/tech/qmobile-noir-a8-jellybean-4-2-2-download/ ( link for the rom ) and til then , i am not able to capture the screen shot using these buttons . so the rom you are using might not have this functionality or might have been overriden by some other function . if you still can not figure it out , you can try contacting lg for this issue . they would guide you in a better way .
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
an easy way to achieve this would be to concatenate variables . you already mentioned setting %INCALL to "1" or "0" . have another numeric one for %NOTSILENT = 0/1 , and then check for %INCALL%NOTSILENT ~ "01" ( you might need to play with the syntax , this just gives the raw idea ; )
you can specify and logic in contexts , not just tasks . do not forget that you can have multiple contexts that must all be met ( logical and ) before the task ( s ) run . try adding the context State &gt; Call [Any, Invert = YES] ; this would mean the profile will only activate 1 ) when a text is received and 2 ) no call is active .
the question you linked to has the information you need to access the modem . you might also find this so answer helpful for accessing the modem . be warned that the device file you need to use is different for each model of phone , so you will have to examine /dev on each device to find out which file to use . as it points out , you need to be root to do this . the rooting process is different for each model of phone . for most models , you have to wipe the phone to achieve it , as the process involves unlocking the bootloader ( and maybe flashing a custom recovery ) in order to flash the su binary into the system image . some models have security vulnerabilities you can exploit with a program you download , to achieve this without unlocking the bootloader . how do i root my android device ? explains more about the process , and has an index of questions about rooting particular devices .
by request from ' dan hulme ' who replied to my question , i got the message to pop up again and managed to get the app-info . it turns out to be an app connected to the facebook app called ' sns ' . i simply removed the tick from the " show notifications " option . the message no longer pops up . it can otherwise be found on " settings -> more -> application manager " shuffle so you see the " all " list , then scroll down til you find the sns application .
it sounds like a problem with that contact , i would try deleting them from you contact list and putting them in as a fresh , new contact .
this is how many modern android phones ( including all nexus phones ) work . the nexus 4 can switch between mtp and ptp modes . to overgeneralize a bit , it can use mtp to emulate a media device and ptp to emulate a camera . the nexus 4 has no way to mount as a mass storage device ( and thus , no practical way to mount it and get a drive letter for it )
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
there is no way to get the number . private numbers are not sent by the network provider therefore your phone has no information about the caller .
the transfer speed majorly depends on the ' class ' of your sd card . micro-sd-cards-smartphones-speed-class-explained edit : i googled about this issue and it appears that the slow transfer speeds is due to the cache size for reading from sd card . it is set to 128 kb in most cases . you can check it by running the following command . adb shell cat /sys/devices/virtual/bdi/179:0/read_ahead_kb  to change this value you must have root access . also the changes will be reset on reboot . developers at xda have made scripts to make this change persist , check this link for a detailed explanation .
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
i could not connect my s3 to kies and tried everything other users posted ( usb debugging , scanning pc for viruses , etc . . . ) and i stumbled upon the fix that solved my issue and i have now connected with kies and have full functionality with kies and no issues with my s3 . the fix : on the s3 device : pull down from top of home screen ( swipe from top of screen downward ) to the screen that shows ( across the top ) wi-fi , bluetooth , etc . . . check to see how the device is connected " connected as a media device " should be shown . mine said " connected as a camera " and i changed that to " connected as a media device " and instantly connected to kies . hope this helps !
i realised that the problem lies with a mtp device driver which was not properly installed . all i had to do was delete all the drivers , including samsung kies , and reinstall everything again . one of the other thing i did before the issue appeared , was installing sgs3 easy ums . because i switched my phone from mtp to ums mode , that prevented my laptop from detecting the phone . switching it back to mtp , and reinstalling the above applications did help . however , i would continue to encounter connectivity issues every now and then . for instance , after i plugged my phone into my laptop via usb , and switch to syncing using kies air , i would encounter an error message that says my usb is plugged in . this could be easily resolved by restarting my phone . i can only conclude that samsung kies developer probably did not do a good job handling socket connections , resulting in the error above .
i had the same problem after rooting my s3 . the solution is easy : just unroot your phone and like magic your old driver will work correctly .
sounds like you need to clean up your internal memory first before you can do anything . there is three ways i can suggest to free some up : clean out your app caches to free up space ( browsers and maps are usually the worst offenders ) : you can use an app like sd maid ( it is tiny , you should be able to install it ) or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) . uninstall some apps , then reinstall them after you have moved other apps to the sd card . root your phone and uninstall bloatware / system apps you do not use with an app like titanium backup ( make sure you back up the apps first in case you need them later ) . note : this will keep your phone from being able to install carrier android updates in the future . android is usually pretty good about auto-installing apps to non-system storage when possible . does your version have an option to prefer installing to sd set ?
i do not know if you can change that but you can always install the same keyboard that you had in nexus s . search market for gingerbread keyboard and/or ice cream sandwich keyboard . those keyboard are the keyboard that ships with android . samsung like htc modifies/creates keyboard that differs from stock keyboard . samsung keyboard is very much similar to ios . but unlike iphone style , you can always change keyboard in android os .
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
i have found two different strategies work for this root the phone and install cyanogenmod . this has a setting under tablet enhancements that allows you to disable the lock screen , this negating the pin code entry install an email app from the market that is compatible with exchange , such as moxier mail . this still respects the security/pin code stuff for exchange , but only when launching that app , not unlocking the phone .
i too feel the same way that a remote wipe of the whole phone is way too much power to be handed over , especially in the case of our personal phones . unfortunately i do not think there is anything you can do about the built-in email app . i have a nexus s , and i decided to try touchdown because it does not allow a remote exchange administrator to wipe the phone , but rather only wipe the data associated with the exchange account ( i.e. . , your work emails and appointments ) . ( there is a box you can check for " enable wipe sd card " if you really want to grant them this power . there is also a feature where you can create a one-time code to self-destruct your own phone with an email , but neither of these things interest me . ) for exchange email and calendar appointments , i found that touchdown was able to connect via " activesync " without too much trouble , and it supports push email . the interface is not as smooth or simple ( or good-looking ) as the built-in app , but it seems like a small price to pay to know that my phone will not be wiped all of the sudden for any number of bad reasons . also the 30-day trial is fully functional ( except you can not change email sig , which mentions the app of course ) , and for $20 you can upgrade to the normal version ( which lets you change the email sig ) . hope this helps !
there is a lockpick app that will enter a pin automatically every time you turn on the phone 's screen to get around being required to enter a pin . someone was working on modifying the email files to accept the remote admin input and send the success replies while not actually performing an action . that would remove the need to use a pin and prevent remote wipe , but i have not seen that modded email come out into the light .
i had the same issue with a company i am working with now . i am a consultant , and my current client has given me a corporate email address , which i synched to my phone so i am able to view and respond to messages when i am not at the client site . they have a script that runs when your contract expires to send the remote wipe command . however , i have been extended several times , and their system treats extensions as a brand new contract , thus wiping my phone every time . touchdown worked like a charm . . . it keeps your data completely seperate from the rest of your phone . that is really the only negative , as you can not view all of your appointments ( personal and corporate ) on one central calendar . this applies both to the pin code and to the remote wipe command . . . since i have been extended several times , they have sent the wipe command each time and touchdown is simply wiped , not the rest of the phone . best 20 bucks i have ever spent . on a social note though i do agree since this is my personal phone , they should not be able to wipe all of my data unless the command is coming from me . i think this is a huge miss within the native email client .
i believe the remote wipe feature is now required for activesync . if you setup the account as a pop or imap account you will not have the remote wipe " threat " but the functionality is of course limited . maybe there is , or should be , a way to do it with a rooted device .
according to the gmail help pages , you should be able to easily export your contacts using a web browser : sign in to gmail . click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . from the more drop-down menu , select export . . . . choose whether to export all contacts or only one group . select the format in which you had like to export your contacts ' information . please note , some of these formats can lose some contact information . to transfer contacts between google accounts , use the google csv format . this is the recommended way to back up your google contacts . to transfer contacts to outlook , yahoo ! mail , hotmail , or various other apps , use the outlook csv format . to transfer contacts to apple address book , use the vcard format . click export . choose save to disk then click ok . select a location to save your file , and click ok . this ( and some other details ) are also described in a post titled how to create mail merge in gmail contacts . now you write you have some contacts which are not synchronized with your google account , but stored on your sim card . of course , you first need to " convert " them to " google contacts " , which is described in how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ? : open the contacts app press the " menu " key navigate to import/export → import from sim card click " select all " ( or manually select the contacts you wish to import ) when asked where to copy the contacts to , select the appropriate option this procedure can also be found in a tutorial at androidadvices , together with some screenshots to visualise the process . your broken sd card should not matter here , as it is not involved anywhere in the process . see also : transfer all contacts in phone and sim to google contacts how to move phone contacts to google ? good idea to transfer all phone numbers from sim card to google contacts ? how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ?
you might try my color screen . it is a customization site , so it focuses on launchers , themes , and widgets . because of that focus , you might find it is too much about the appearance of the widget instead of the functionality , but it might be just what you are looking for .
maybe not entirely what you are asking for , but have you tried using appbrain ? it usually does the trick for me in finding any sort of app , widgets included . the screenshots are helpful . to the secondary ( not quite asked ) question , i find android agenda widget to be very easy on the eyes and highly themeable .
one way to do this : run an ssh client on your phone , such as connectbot forward a local port to the remote irc server , say localhost port 1234 to irc.server.ip:6666 . ( directions for connectbot , with screenshots ) connect your irc client to localhost:1234 , instead of irc.server.ip:6666 . if this does not work , check that you have permissions . when your connection 's not working , you will have to do some extra debugging to check that the ssh tunnel is still up . but otherwise , you should be able to use any irc client .
this can ( and certainly will ) happen when installing apps on sdcard . normally , the system should prevent this ( or rather the dev , by defining the " install-location " accordingly in the app 's Manifest ) . so if the apps were installed on sdcard , go to settings→apps , scroll to the apps ' entries , open them ( one by one ) , and move the app to internal storage . if the widgets do not appear right away after that , they should do so at least after a reboot .
izzy is right , by default you are not able to load widgets from external memory . if you had like to do that you will have to use an app like link2sd or something to trick the kernel into thinking it is the internal memory . link2sd link2sd +
it seems that you need to configure the apn . go to the settings of your phone -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks -> access point names . maybe you have none apn configured , so go to the menu to add one . the list of apns by country is here : http://www.androidonhtc.com/wiki/carrier_network_settings in particular for peru you have : claro peru ( america movil ) apn : wap . claro . pe username : claro password : claro proxy : 192.168.231.30 port : 80 i hope that this information is useful . regards !
in order to connect to a given 3g/3.5g network , your phone must support the correct band . based on the sparse information i was able to gather , it seems that claro is using bands ii and v ( 1900 and 850 ) it seems that there are at least three different models of the htc desire , of which the htc triumph / desire us a8182 and htc desire telstra a8183 support bands ii and v . the third model , htc desire a8181 supports bands i and viii instead . if your phone has the correct apn , supports the correct bands , and 3g is not disabled it should just work .
since a device is " rooted " ( generic android device , no names of manufacturers , this is just a guideline , mileage will vary ) , chances are : boot-loader is unlocked custom recovery is installed the above two usually go hand-in-hand together , along with running a perhaps , custom rom . if the above criteria is held true for that said device , then its a matter of issuing a fast-boot to format all partitions individually as in using fastboot erase xxxxx where xxxxx is one of : boot recovery data system that , may fit the criteria to the vague representation of data clearing industry , or some standard that was stipulated and to be carried out as per the op 's question .
this can often be caused by filesystem corruption on the sd card . the sd card might appear to work normally if you do not access the corrupted parts of the filesystem , but since the media scanner reads the whole filesystem , it is much more likely to get stuck on a corrupted file or directory . try removing the sd card and using a card reader on your pc to check the filesystem ( e . g . with scandisk or fsck ) .
voice chat programs uses an internet data stream . it is not up to the developer of the application . no matter which app you find it will be limited based on your phone service provider and the type of phone you have . take a look at this ( the protocols that are available via some services and phone types : ( taken from this thread , can i talk and use internet or other apps at the same time ) if you really want to know why and how this happens , without all the techie speak - - - - verizon 's 3g data and voice network is cdma , and only a device with svdo technology can use voice and data at the same time ( as opposed to the current standard evdo ) on cdma . the first device to do this was the htc thunderbolt . the galaxy s3 also has svdo , so you can surf and talk at the same time if you have verizon 3g service . the vzw iphone does not have svdo , so it can not do it . the iphone on att and tmobile can do this , as those two carriers do not use cdma - they use gsm , which can do voice and data already . i do not know why specifically , but just know that tmo and att are gsm and sprint and vzw are cdma . finally , any 4g lte enabled phone on verizon can do talk and data at the same time , as the data will run over the lte network and the voice runs over cdma . so , devices like the moto droid razr and other lte phones can do talk and data at the same time , but only if lte service is available . if in a 3g-only area , the droid razr can not do talk and surf together . make sense ? so if this is a needed feature you would have to shop for a specific phone provider and a specific phone that will allow you to use data service and phone service simultaneously . . . again , limited by the phone service and phone , not the app .
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
i found that too . group text was not checked to start with so i checked it then unchecked and now it is back to normal . thanks for your help
when i just saw my t-mobile bill for feb it became evident that since upgrading the os from version 4.1.2 to 4.3 when i send a ‘group’ text message it creates individual mms messages , one for each recipient . these are picked up by t-mobile and charged for at 25p each even though they are text only and i have an unlimited texts allowance . in addition , if somebody sent me a text message as one recipient of a group text message i do not know it is a part of a group text message but if i reply to the sender then a text message from me is created for each of the recipients . each of these is an mms message and so i get charged 25p for each reply message even though i don’t know it has happened . i rang samsung and said i am fed up with problems with os version 4.3 and asked for version 4.2.1 to be re-installed . they referred me to one of their samsung repair centres , the pocketphone shop in cheshunt , to re-install version 4.1.2 . however , when i rang them they said they are not able to this but if i bring my phone in they will investigate my problem . chris at the pocketphone shop did some investigation and then told me that if i go into text messages , settings and then scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings there is a parameter ‘group messaging’ . if this is ticked , when sending group text messages individual mms messages are created . however , if this is unticked , group text messaging still works but the messages created are sms messages and not chargeable mms messages . well done to chris and i hope this adds additional assistance to the previous helpful messages in this forum .
if you frequently need to send these mails to the same large groups of people , have you thought about using contact groups , so that you only need to add and remove that group from the to or cc fields , rather than constantly dealing with huge numbers of names ? creating the groups is easiest to do and manage in the web version of gmail ( which you can use from your tablet ) . see gmail help -> creating contact groups for more info on this .
probably you have both google accounts ( yours and your father 's ) synched with your phone or you are running telegram with the same phone numbers .
you might have a look at silence . it primarily turns off audio alerts/ringtones on schedule but can also manipulate wifi and mobile data and is pretty granular . it also recently added the ability to use events on google calendar . i use it to turn off the ringer ( i like to sit in the quiet car ) and wifi ( there is none to connect to ) during my commute on the train , and also to set the phone to vibrate during a meeting .
using tasker you can accomplish this and more fairly easily once you know how to use it . to solve the whole phone ringing while you are in a meeting you have a few options with how to do it in tasker . you can choose to silence your phone while in meetings , set it to vibrate , block all phone calls ( probably not the best choice ) or send them all to voicemail . i will go through how to create a profile for the latter . first , create a new profile : next select state , then app , and then calendar entry for the calendar entry settings you need to make sure to select no for availability and then you can click the magnifying glass next to calendar to select which calendar it should be referencing . then click the check mark . now to create a task to do during that meeting . select new task and then click the plus ( + ) sign in the lower left corner . for the action select phone and then select end call and then the check mark once you have done that you can click the check mark to close and save the task . go to the profiles tab at the top , then click on your profile you created and long press on the context below it ( the calendar setting on the left ) . this should bring up a context menu . select add and then event . from events select phone and then phone ringing . now you have a profile to push phone calls to voicemail when you are in meetings .
please look at free busy silent mode . it does not direct the call to voicemail , but you have an option to set the phone to silent
it would be really helpful if you mention which operating system your pc is running . on windows 7 and above , you simply need to connect the phone to your pc using a usb-miniusb cable . you should then be able to access the files on the phone via windows explorer . you can then use windows explorer to copy files to and from your pc . on windows xp and below , you will need to either : a ) download and install samsung kies b ) download and install the samsung mobile device usb drivers once the drivers/software are installed , follow the same steps as for a windows 7+ pc .
regardless of the operating system , your daughter could simply use a remote management app like airdroid . the advantage is : this app is installed on the device , and on the " remote " ( here : pc ) no special software is required but a web browser . connection is either done via a shared wifi network ( both devices on the same network ) , or via the aridroid server ( if there is no shared network , and you have no problems routing your data via alien servers ) . airdroid uses a nice interface , which gives you desktop feeling inside of your browser : airdroid ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) not only can you simply drag-and-drop files to transfer , but you can also manage other aspects of your device : accessing its contacts , writing sms , viewing pictures , and a lot of other things . and when your daughter is visiting her girlfriend , and wants to share some files with her : no hazzle with drivers or thinking about what os might be in use . simply fire up airdroid , enter the displayed url in her girlfriend 's browser , put the password in the browser , and there she goes . " unwanted access " ? sure , if she let 's her device lying around unlocked , so someone could fire up airdroid and make the connection . but honestly , without airdroid in the same situation the same person simply needed a cable to connect , and could do the same . and as not letting the device lying around unlocked should be a common-sense pre-caution , all stays as safe as before : )
root and download ppp widget from google play
try stopping sync with contacts . in android settings , stop facebook sync with contacts . messenger was crashing until i disabled sync . i think there is a bug .
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
i ended up doing a factory reset on my tablet ( after doing a backup of my data with " app backup" ) . as far as i know the downgrade would probably have worked , but i decided not to risk it .
if you paid for the pro version of titanium backup , you should have the option to store the backups to several online storage locations . google drive , dropbox , and box are built-in to titanium backup pro . all you need to do is add your account info , then tell your schedule to back up to those locations . this is how my phone is set up . if i lost my phone , i would be able to restore my app settings and call logs/text messages on a new phone through titanium backup . and since i tell google plus to automatically upload photos taken by my camera , i would have photos as well . everything else that matters is already synced with google .
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
try looking at the logcat output . i had a similar issue with multiple devices ( all of the same manufacturer , though not yours ) -- and it turned out they obviously had a bug in adb implementation ( logcat showed a parse error for the backup file ) . if your situation is comparable ( some adb bug on your device 's firmware ) , you can forget restoring that backup using adb . still , there are alternatives : as you can read in the tag-wiki or our backup tag , there are other apps which can read and restore from adb backups . such as e.g. titanium backup . i am not sure if this feature is reserved for the pro version , but it is at least worth a try with the free one . and even if , this app is worth buying . note , however , that your device must be rooted for this . copy your nexus.ab to the sdcard of your nexus ( i know it has no microsd slot , but the internal sd should do ) . then use tibu to restore from that backup file . you might not be able to restore everything ( i never tried , so i am not sure how far it goes ) -- but at least your apps and their data should be able to get restored . a second way ( to be used for the remaining things ) is to manually unpack the backup archive . details can be found here : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? you might also wish to consult other questions tagged " adb+backup " for additional information .
check android version . you are already at android 4.2 . resetting to factory setting will not reset it to earlier android version .
the permissions are what allows an app to do something . if an app does not ask for a permission , then it can not do that thing . see security and permissions on the android developer site for more info . note that if you have a rooted phone , and allow the app superuser access then it can do pretty much whatever it wants . make sure you trust any app that you give this access to !
the permissions are entered by the developer , yes . but the android os only grants those specific permissions , and no others . therefore an app could try to do something it was not allowed to , but it would fail ( barring a security exploit ) . see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.html#permissions for more details .
if a developer " forget " to require a permission , they will be unable to use the feature , and they will ( usually ) get a force close ( you will be able to observe this in logcat ) or fails to do its work .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
try going onto your wifi settings page . when your on the list of available connections there may be a button at the bottom of the screen titled " wifi direct " . . . that is how it is on my s3 anyway
actually there is not any option like that . its missing . there were lots of complaints about 4.0.4 update for live with walkman that Wifi Direct is missing . look at here . also look at this review of update . . : may be sony will fix it in next update .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
there are 3 potential work arounds to try first : 1 ) ensure screen rotate is turned on in the quick settings . number 4 on pic below . 2 ) reset your camera . a) Open Camera b) Click the Menu botton on the device c) Click the third tab (with the cog on it) d) Click 'Reset'  it is the third tab above . click this guy : 3 ) download a third party camera .
usually this should be an easy task – provided you have got a custom recovery on your device . turned out , it was not as easy in this special case , so i will list multiple options here . in combination , they finally lead to success – as one can see in the comments on the question itself . variant 1: custom recovery that is a one-liner : put the gapps archive on your sdcard , boot into recovery , chose " install update . zip from sdcard " , and select the gapps archive . done . after the next boot , google apps should be there . trouble in this case : no custom recovery . ok , next one . variant 2: use adb to side-load it this variant was even figured by the op himself . requires adb to be installed on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and your device setup ( device drivers etc . ) as well as connected via usb . for a detailed how-to , please see how to : use " adb sideload " on your android device . here , in short : place the gapps zip file in the directory where your adb executable is make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings → development on your device boot your device in recovery mode , and connect it to your pc on your device , use the volume up / down keys to select " apply update from adb , " then press power to select it on your computer , open a command prompt window and navigate to the directory from 1 . , then execute adb sideload &lt;zipfile&gt; ( replacing &lt;zipfile&gt; with the name of your gapps file ) when the installation is finished , select to " reboot " the device . done . once the device finished booting , your google apps should be there . or not , as in our case . services got installed , apps were missing . ok , let 's trick the remains . variant #3: doint it manually preparation install es file explorer on your device . this will help us a lot . unpack the gapps archive into an empty directory on your sdcard . might be an optional step , as es file explorer can deal with zips directly , but might make things easier do it launch es file explorer on your device . tap the menu button , tap " root-explorer " ( the text , not the switch next to it – though you must make sure that is switched to " on " as well ) . a popup should open , where you should find a " r/w " icon ( second to last entry ) . tap that . this should remount your /system partition , so you can write to it . now use es file explorer to navigate to your ( unpacked ) gapps archive . copy the .apk files from system/apps/ to /system/apps/ on your device . similarly , files from data/apps/ should be copied to /data/apps/ . now back to the menu , and re-mount your /system partition read-only . reboot . now , the google apps should be there . still not ? bang . variant 4: get another device . . . or at least another rom . . .
you could make use of e.g. tasker -- an automation tool which can react on different situations and handle a lot of things ( basically , sometimes i think 80% of questions like " how can i . . . with android ? " could be answered by " use tasker ! " . though it does not come " cheap " , on the developers website you can get a 7-day trial to check first . it is worth every cent of its 5 bucks ! ) . so with tasker , you do simple math : condition + task = profile  for your case , it is probably something like . . . profile " docked-in-car " conditions : ( they are always connected by and with tasker ) " headphones plugged " " docked " tasks : " audio -> mic mute " optionally : " keyguard off " optionally : " display timeout 0" ( as it is connected to a power source , so you can continually see what is displayed ) most likely : " start app -> [ music-app ] " . save and go . now , when you dock your sgs2 and plug in the 3.5mm cord , mic should be muted -- and additionally some other nice actions executed .
i wrote an app named soundabout . you could change the media audio setting to " wired headset ( with mic ) " . if your headphones have a mic , it will use it . if your headphones do not have a mic , then there will be no microphone used at all .
i had the very same problem for like 4 months . and finally , in one day , the problem was solved . follow these steps : switch off the device . press power button + volume up button until the device is switched on ( followed by a small vibration ) . as soon as the device is switched on , let go of the power switch but keep pressing the volume up button . after a few seconds , a screen will appear showing a green android symbol with rotating gears . when this screen appears let go the volume up button and keep pressing volume down button . hold like this for a few seconds . till a big green ' ok ' appears on the screen . after this the device re-starts automatically . it may take some time . after this , it'll be like you are switching on your tablet for the very first time . you have to provide your gmail address ( optional ) , name , system date and time etc . all the apps and files that was previously in your device , will be gone .
yes , there are lots of apps like image shrink lite resize lite share image and many others , just search the market instead of sharing to twitter , just share to these apps , choose from a list of predefined sizes , and reshare to twitter . you can do this from any apps that can share images to any apps that can receive shared images .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
if the files were stored on a physical microsd card , you may be able to use file recovery software on your computer . there are a number of undelete and recovery software options , but many cost money . http://pcinspector.de has a flash memory recovery tool for free ( smart recovery handles flash memory ) . writing more data to the card increases the chance that the file will be overwritten before you recover it .
i do not know about keyboard shortcuts for answering a call on android . what you can do is to connect a usb mouse and use mouse gestures that replicate touch input , it is cumbersome but it should work . i have been doing that on a tablet with a similar problem .
usually , all that is needed are the bits to make adb ( android debug bridge ) operate , which on windows are the two libraries ( adbwinapi . dll and adbwinusbapi . dll ) . but , that really should not be necessary for a commercial product .
no , you do not need to install the android sdk . the sdk 's drivers do not work for the galaxy s , actually , at least not the last time i tried . you best bet is to download samsung kies and update the drivers through it , as per this answer to another question . you can get kies most easily from samsung uk here .
that looks like a job for tasker : profile camerarotate : condition : app → camera task : notify sound ( text : " rotate me , please ! " , sound : [ select file ] ) this way , whenever the camera app becomes the active ( foreground ) app , a notification will appear with the text specified . you can also include a sound ( maybe something annoying or shocking , to make the " user in question " really aware ) . also , instead of the notification you could chose " play sound " , and have a pre-recorded mp3 played saying/shooting something like " hey , do not forget to rotate the device ! "
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
wait till till go to the verizon store . they can set up your number on your new phone while they desk with your phone transfer .
could be a overheating problem especially if you are using live wallpapers and leave the radios ( wifi , bluetooth , gps and mobile data ) on . is your device in some time of case ? that might prevent cooling . . . i have run into this problem occasionally and have learned to turn off things .
check your settings within google play music for ' stream via wifi only ' . if you have this set , and you are out of range , the streaming cannot continue until you return within range . it may just be coincidental to always appear consistently at that time or range . also remember about caching . caching may queue a number of songs , making it appear to extend range .
stock android does not support ad-hoc wifi networks . if you have a rooted device , it is possible to work around this limitation as described here . basically you can install a custom rom that has this feature enabled , or manually configure the wpa-supplicant , or if you are feeling adventurous you can compile your own patched copy of wpa-supplicant that fools android into thinking that ad-hoc networks are regular infrastructure mode access points .
well , annoyingly i could not figure out how to fix it . a factory reset did the trick . thanks dan hulme
actually if you slide to the right you get the next email . similarly if u slide to the left u go to the previous one
in the gmail client , you can go to the next or previous mail by swiping right or left . in the stock email client , there is an arrow on the menu bar .
you have to turn off " threaded view " in the email client . once this is done , the " menu " drop down will have a next and previous option . go to the email client and go to menu > settings > general settings > show threaded view . uncheck this and you are good to go .
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
this weekend i did a factory reset on my droid incredible , asking it to wipe everything . ( the phone had been slowly turning into a brick and this was the solution . ) after it finished , there was still a lot of my personal information on it , not just in the memory card , but also in the main memory of the phone . i had it expected it all to be gone . if i were going to sell or give a phone away , i would first do the factory reset then hook it to my pc , change the usb connection type to disk drive , scour for personal info , overwriting and rming everything i could find .
within gmail while at the inbox screen if you click menu and then label settings you should then be able to check notify once and then you should get notified for every new messages as a group .
is the usb icon on the virtualbox enabled on the guest os . if that is disabled , the usb on the host side will not pass it through the guest , this requires the handset plugged in host side . it is a small icon on the bottom of the vm window , near the hard disk where it shows blinking activity ? click on that , to enable usb pass-through . are you intending to flash the device from within a vm ?
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
it seems that moboot in touchpad is corresponding to the bootloader in android native device , so i think it may be impossible to enter such a ' bootloader ' in hp touchpad .
if you look at this video from the google i/o conference and the slides you can see that they show how much wifi , the cpu , screen , gps , accelerometer etc . use in a device . here is the video and the slides . a quick summary in case the links go down : this shows the amount of battery used by the components in milliamps ( ma ) . another unit needed is milliamp hours ( mah ) which is what battery capacity is measured in , a typical smartphone might have 1600mah capacity . having just the screen on we can see how long the device may last by dividing the capacity ( 1600 mah ) by the usage ( ~100 ma ) giving us 16 hours of use with just the lcd screen on . it is an interesting video if you take the time to watch the whole thing . it discusses wake locks , where an app will wake up the device to update itself , and how they affect battery life which is an aspect i do not usually consider about applications .
for the actual sensors ( accelerometer etc ) they report there nominal power consumption in the api . there are apps that let you see this , i use z-devicetest for this . in practice the values for the sensors are normally dwarfed by the cpu which has to be active to do anything with the data and you often have the screen on which is of course even worse normaly .
as said in the comments it looks like your volume button could be broken . a good way to check if this is the case is to disable it . there are some great threads on how to do this so i will list a few here that you can check out . if the case is that the button is broken , let me know in a comment ( on this answer ) and i will help you out . threads : http://forums.androidcentral.com/lg-optimus-g-pro/284907-how-disable-side-volume-buttons.html http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/33602-disabling-volume-button.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2125810
for the first part- samsung has notes on the system updates on their site . i am not sure what provider you are using , but you should be able to get to what you are looking for if you start at : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/ use the " start by entering . . . " search bar in the middle of the screen to pull up your specific note ii phone and scroll down to the " support overview " section . for the model i looked up , the " which version of the android™ platform does my samsung note ii use ? " question is already in the frequently asked questions list , but if not , use the search bar just about that . i did not check every device , but it certainly looks like it is the kit kat update that is been downloaded . for the second part- i am working off the assumption that your note is not rooted . upfront note ( haha ) : i do not have a note ii here with me , so i am going off reference materials and memory on the exact option names in the menus . these steps should let you disable the notification until you re-enable automatic updates . go to ' settings ' click ' more ' click ' about device ' click ' software update ' uncheck the ' auto update – check for updates automatically ' option when the update prompt is in your notifications , pull down the notification list and do the following : press and hold down on the update until you get a ' app info ' option click ' app info ' click ' clear cache ' click ' clear data '
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
for tilting , from : bluestacks goes into beta , supports more apps the latest version of bluestacks also offers accelerometer support . no , you won’t have to tilt your computer to use it , just hit the arrow keys – the up arrow tilts forward , the down arrow tilts back toward you , and the left and right arrows tilt left and right ( surprise surprise ) . unfortunately for shake as of from four months back , from : need to shake the " phone " how i do this ? this functionality is not available with current version of bluestacks app player . stay tuned for future version with its fix .
i have noticed that it only worked when i have english us selected in the ( choose input method ) , all others did not work for me , i live in canada . english in canada did not work also having it set on automatic did not work either . thanks
have you downloaded the files for you language , that supports offline voice recognition ? under google now , hit the menu button at the bottom , select settings , select voice , then the option to download offline speech recognition . also , it could depend on what rom of jellybean you are running . some things work better than others in certain roms . . .
use this app my friend . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb instant upload album . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
the default android external sd file structure you should have a default structure used by media scanner to collect data present on your system , that gets stored on a database , allowing it to keep track of all the media content present on the device : music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . download/ - miscellaneous downloads adittionaly , when taking screenshots , by default the folder used is : pictures/screenshots/ the media scanner service when your device boot 's up , the media scanner service is launched and runs through the entire external storage to find if there is any new media content . if new media is found : it adds an entry of that media content into the content database each entry in the content database contains the media meta-data ( name , date , file size , etc . . . ) when changes are made to a media content , the database needs to be updated , otherwise , third party applications will not be able to access that particular media content . applications make use of the public class mediascannerconnection , as to " force " media scanner to perform an instant scan . that is with applications like instant upload are able to work properly . mediascannerconnection provides a way for applications to pass a newly created or downloaded media file to the media scanner service . the media scanner service will read metadata from the file and add the file to the media content provider . the mediascannerconnectionclient provides an interface for the media scanner service to return the uri for a newly scanned file to the client of the mediascannerconnection class . google+ instant upload with instant upload enabled , photos and videos taken with your phone are automatically uploaded to a private album on google+ . for this app to work , make sure Sync Instant Upload is enabled on your phone : go to your phone 's Settings > Accounts &amp; sync . touch the account you had like to enable sync on . learn more about how to configure account sync options , where you can : configure general sync settings sync information manually change an account’s sync settings possible solutions after the above introduction on how things work , in order to try and solve this issue , one can : check for the pictures/screenshots/ folder presence . e.g. , using a file manager . check if instant upload is enabled and set to sync with your account . if all checks out but still no avail , try rebooting the device to see if media scanner will properly recognize and add the missing media content to the database . not likely , but a recent update or crash may have disrupted the media scanner service .
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
check out an app called go sms pro . update : sorry if it were not clear . the op included a request for an app to block the alerts . i inferred the alert was coming in through the messaging system . you can block messages by their source with this app . press/hold for a menu . click on block this source . this app , is available via the play store . you get there on the android by clicking " play google " . type in " go sms " . that is the exact name of the app . if your carrier is using something different from the messages system , this will not work . it did clear out a lot of messages i was getting on my android .
press the home button so all screens are shown , then long hold the screen you want as default home screen , then drag it to center of the screen and let go , hey presto .
in most android phones you can change your home screen . simply download any " home screen replacement " app from the market . you do not need to be rooted , nor install costum rom . tips : download " home switcher " apps to easily change your home screen . if you do not use home switcher , you will need to go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage application &gt; **current home screen** &gt; Clear defaults &gt; Press Home button . hint : htc wildfire 's home screen is htc sense
on the home screen , tap menu > personalize home screen tabs . to move a tab , tap and hold the icon before the tab name , and then drag it up or down the tabs list . to hide a tab , clear the check box at the right of the tab name . tap done .
xbmc remote for android has playlist control , but when i last used it it was pretty basic and buggy . it is probably better by now . you will need to set up a monitor to get xbmc up and running and configure it to use the xbmc remote . after that you should be good to go headless .
android 's version of squeezebox . . . is squeezebox ! i do currently use my android phone as a remote for my squeezebox . i have got the squeezebox server installed on my server , and i have the android squeezecontrol app installed on my phone . it is handy for skipping unwanted tracks from another room , and for starting the music playing before you walk through your front door . you can also connect to the mp3 stream that squeezebox broadcasts to listen from your phone .
you could install xbmc on the linux box then use the xbmc remote app on your android device to control the media playing through xbmc .
i would recommend installing mpd on the linux server and an mpd client on the android device . the squeezebox server software does not play audio directly so you would have to either install a player like softsqueeze or squeezeplay on the server , or use another music application to play the mp3 stream . you did not ask about it , but if you want to play music stored on linux server through your android , you can also install the squeezebox server ( now called logitech media server ) on the same linux server , and install squeeze player on your android along with any squeezebox controller app ( i have found squeezedroid and squeezecontrol to be best ) .
is your phone also rooted ? you could install rom manager , and then clockwork recovery . rom manager has an option to flash a stock rom back onto a phone ( with or without root status ) . or you could try out cyanogenmod . cm7 nightlies just started , so we should see a stable version soon . ( cm7 has gingerbread with optional google apps . cm6 is froyo . )
check out this thread , original rom , which is about returning a nexus one to an unmodded rom .
i am using dice player to play dual audio movies on my sony xperia neo v mobile . i think you should try dice player . when you are going to play dual audio movies on your device , you will see an option at the top right side bar resembles music icon . you will need to click on that icon and you will see the movies dubbed in different language . choose your preferable language and you have done ! ! resource : http://www.ehowportal.com/play-dual-audio-movies-android-device/
as @jasir says . your alarm will still work in airplane mode . be careful as there is another setting on your phone . clock > alarms > menu > settings > ' alarm in silent mode ' you will need this ticked if you put your phone in silent ( saving more battery ) and still want the alarm to go off !
yes . airplane mode ( flight mode ) only disables your phone 's signal transmitting functions , not the functions that do not require a signal to function . your alarm will still work .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
first i have to admit i am not an expert on device encryption . i cannot speak out of first-hand experience , but at least can give some background information which definitely will prove helpful here . so for one , there is the big confusion about storage naming . our storage tag-wiki can be a big help on this . in your specific case it is the question what " internal storage " refers to , and how that differs from " internal sdcard " ( which it does ) . so let 's see how our internal-storage tag-wiki defines internal storage : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . i see our storage tag-wiki is even more precise/detailed : device storage : usually referred to as " internal storage " or " phone storage " . [ … ] on your device , this will be used for apps and data , and usually is mounted at /data internal sdcard : some devices offer a separate internal sdcard , where you can store your own data ( such as documents , videos , music files , pictures , etc . ) . so from this you can clearly see the difference . without root , you are not able to ( freely ) store your personal data ( as defined above ) on device storage . but our apps have their own specific directories here where they can ( and do ) save their settings , data , and more . second confusion is caused by different manufacturers using different " mount points " and access-paths for storages . as you describe for your device , they might even mount the sdcard inside the /data partition . however , if the encryption setup offers you separate choices to encrypt internal storage and internal sdcard , this should not matter : if you can tell it to not encrypt a given partition , one should assume it follows this advice . if , on the other hand , you do not get the option to not touch the internal sdcard , i am not sure it will be left out . in that case , it might very much depend on your device ( and system ) . when switching from ums to mtp to provide access to your " internal sdcard " from your computer , for many of them there was a second change going along : to not " fragment " the internal storage space ( i.e. . " internal storage " running low while there is plenty of space available on " internal sd " , or vice versa ) , they just use a single partition to hold both . the " internal sdcard " then is created as fuse device , in simplified terms : pointing to a directory on internal storage . if that is true for your device , encryption of " internal storage " most likely will affect the " internal sdcard " as well . but as initially stated : i have no first-hand experience here , and thus gladly accept corrections in the comments .
one would think that encryption would effect more than a factory reset , since ideally encryption would effect as much data as possible ( to ensure nothing is unprotected ) ; and a factory reset ideally would effect as little data as possible ( to reset settings without backing everything up ) . its hard to answer your question because you do not specify the medium of encryption you are going to use , but i would submit that you should just try it and see it what you need encrypted gets encrypted .
when chaging android major versions , gb to ics or ics to jb or even gb to jb , its advised to do a full wipe , since many old files from the previous version might collide with the new android version . since you have not done it , i suggest you do the following : backup all your phone 's data with either titanium backup or a nandroid backup if you have a custom recovery installed . get your phone to recovery mode and wipe all data ( factory reset ) . if you have a custom recovery you can wipe /system , /data and /cache . once clean , reboot in download mode and use odin to update to 4.0.4 ( or 4.1.2 if you have the international version gt-i9100 ) reboot and enjoy a clean installation of ics/jb .
unfortunately , it is very temperamental and depends on the device using the google setup wizard . it works a bit too well on my s2 with cyanogen 10 - cyanogen uses the default google setup wizard . when you reset , ensure you follow the setup wizard , and especially notice the part about restore - it should be checked by default , but may not be .
export DISPLAY=:0  when you type " xterm " a terminal should appear inside x but does not work very well , because some x11-features are not implemented in this android-xserver .
i was having the same problem , but i can connect easily at home ( automatic ) but my problem was at work . i just changed some of the settings . turned connections optimizer ( yesterday in order to connect i had to turn it off ) and reset wi-fi timer for 7a-5p . we will see how that works once i get home . the settings have been on set for approx . 10 min and i have not lost the signal . decreased but not lost .
the solution turns out very trivial and surprising . it shows and proves practically that the behavior of complex software systems is unpredictable . the solution : go to mobile network settings and disable use packet data . next , enable wifi and then go back and enable use packet data . magically , all my problems disappeared after i applied described steps .
i9300 is international model of samsung galaxy s3 . so it will not come up with any specific carrier . you can also use i9300 with any carrier as you like . but there are some other models with specific carriers . if you want use them , you need to unlock it . like : 1747- at and t us . . . . you can check carriers and s3 model names here
i just called verizon customer care . they had me dial *900 and that fixed the issue . this cancels any possible call forwarding . works like a champ now .
enter recovery mode and do a factory reset and wipe cache and install any rom you like . it worked for my s2 which got stuck during boot-up . i kept flashing my rom without factory reset and wipe cache and nothing happened . it went back to normal when i did those procedure above . hope it will solve your problem . my s2 is fine and running again . i almost gave up on it .
yes this can be done on the google launcher itself . but you will have to root your phone . you will not only be able to hide the text but be able to tweak even more stuff . but let 's just stick to hiding the text for now . download xposed gel settings it is an xposed module and requires the xposed framework . if you do not know what that is , here 's a video to get you started off with the android xposed framework . if you still have questions , do ask .
try this http://market.android.com/details?id=com.abcorganizer.litefeature=search_result once installed , long press on homescreen to add a shortcut , add a " folderorganiser " app shorcut and it asks you whether you want to " add text below " icon .
download the updated image and manually flash it instead . that is what i did with mine .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
you can download android sdk for free from android developers website . the sdk includes an emulator or all major versions that have been released . the emulator can run any android applications that does not require specific hardware ( e . g . gps , accelerometers ) . graphic intensive applications ( e . g . games ) could be slow though , unless you have a very , very powerful pc .
you can try liveandroid . it is around 180mb and comes as an iso file . create a virtual machine in your windows machine and load the iso to boot the vm into android .
unfortunately , the stock android email app has the imap folder names hard-coded in the application , they cannot be changed by the user . the app expects the folders to have the following names : inbox outbox drafts trash sent junk if your imap server uses different names , they are not properly synchronized with the email app . there are two solutions to this : use different email app get android source code , modify names in email application , rebuild email application and replace original email application on your device with the modified one however , the second solution ( of course ) requires a rooted device and basic knowledge of how to build an android application . but , i can say , i tried it and it works . the file where the names are stored is &lt;Android-source-code-root&gt;/packages/apps/Email/res/values/strings.xml . see the following excerpt : i have no idea why google decided to make the names unchangeable withing the app . probably they want to force people to use gmail ( i was told , the folder names work with gmail ) . if anybody with programming skills is motivated , i would love to see a patched version of the email app , where the names of the folders can be adjusted in some configuration dialog . should not be a huge thing to implement , i just did not have the time for it .
i have this issue too on an archos arnova 10cg3 tablet . it looks like the system is reading/writing to the nand flash ( your internal storage on which the system + the apps are stored ) and that fails for some reason . try to do a factory reset and if that does not fix the problem , send the tablet back for rma . the nand chip could have failed or the system is not properly configured to read from it .
do you ask wheather your keyboard will have chinese input ? best part about android is , that you can easily change the stock keyboard with whatever you like . you just install it like a normal app , and select is as input method . bulgarian is supported , not only keyboard layout , but even text prediction . i am pretty damn sure there are some good keyboards that will provide chinese for you . smart keyboard pro ( i think ) has one , you might check its features in android market . you can probably find text prediction in chinese , do a search in android market , too : ) if you want the whole rom ( menus , etc ) to be in chinese , though , this is rom dependent , so it is not easy to change this , you will have to root . in short : a good keyboard will cost you 5-6$ , so you are saving 95 : ) i hope i understood you question correctly .
in android market there are lots of messaging apps that support languages not supported by the device , specially chinease , so you will not have problem with that , many applications are built to support specific languages that are not supported by android so there also if in that app chinease is supported you will not have problem , but the issue for you will be in gmail app , facebook app , twitter app , these depend on fonts and language supported by the os only
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
all of these things are going to be counting data from some point in time . for your carrier , that will be the start of your billing cycle . for android 's internal data counter , it depends on the Data Usage Cycle setting under Data Usage in the Settings app . for your widget , it again depends on the settings . getting the reset times in sync is critical for making the numbers match up ( and even then , as @izzy pointed out , the carrier may account for data differently ) . you could test this theory by turning off all data , setting android 's internal counter and the widget to reset at the same time , waiting until that time passes , then re-enabling data . the numbers should be better synced then . if they are not , then there is a chance the widget is not able to track all data sent for some ( likely security ) reason .
your data counter widget most likely summed-up the exact amount of data transferred . i.e. for a transfer of 33 kb , and another of 17 kb , it would count 33+17 = 50 kb your carrier more likely sums up blocks of 10 kb . so given the same example , he calculates 40+20 = 60 kb not for real , but it looks like android 's internal takes both and makes an average , so for our example it would come up with 55 kb . makes absolutely no sense ( and i doubt it is true ) , but rawly matches the numbers given in your question . . .
uc browser already has capability of forced zoom on mobile sites - and not only that , but the possibility of automatic text wrap when zooming . as far as i know , it is the only browser to have this behavior . plus , with hardware acceleration browsing is just smooth on low specs smartphones , like i have : )
you can use chrome or opera mobile . they support zooming the web pages
just found the setting in chrome . if you go to settings -> accessibility and then tick the option " force enable zoom " then you should be able to zoom in on any site . ( i have read a few sites still manage to stop you , but the vast majority should then work ) .
factory-reset your galaxy tab . then , log-in using the google account your nexus is using . it should ask you if you want to download or synchronize the apps that you have installed on your galaxy nexus .
according to this resource : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/apps.html#em " k-9 mail " is an accessible e-mail program . i have not used it so i can not vouch for its quality or suitability .
i have just loaded web page reader . it works great on web pages , even though android 's standard voice output is very tinny ( up to android 4.0 ) . i loaded the ivona voice ( amy ) which is the most natural i have found , and it is brilliant . works exceptional on the samsung galaxy tab .
the read my email lite application should help : read my email application will read out new emails from user’s inbox . this state of the art application will help users to track their emails while on the go . with simple instructions the mail account can be configured and tracked from then on . new mails will be polled every 10 minutes and will prompt the user of any new mails in their inbox . upon selecting the option to read the emails , the application will read aloud 10 new emails . and there is the read my email pro version with greater features : read my email application will allow the users to safely keep track of their important emails while on the go . once configured and started , the application will read out aloud the new mails details from the inbox . the mail details includes " from " , " received on " and the " body of the email " . there are various options to configure the service available with the application , like locale for reading the email , frequency of polling the email server , stopping the email , skip the current email , go back to previous email , configure number of new emails to read and managing various email services . this application comes with standard email services and allows the user to add their own email services . currently this application supports imap protocol . both applications are available from appbrain . com and google play store :
there is a new app out for android called audiomail . maybe you could give that a try .
for email there is the drivesafe . ly® free sms reader available from google play store . it can read emails , but has mixed reviews . i have never tried it so can not recommend it one way or the other . listen to sms text ( txt ) messages , emails and caller-id while driving . read sms ! listen to sms , listen to email , listen to txt messages . drivesafely® reads text messages , sms and emails aloud and lets you respond by voice ( with pro ) . ispeech text to speech ( tts ) will speak your sms while driving . hands-free .
talking clipboard available from google play store , can read everything from your clipboard , and additionally it directly reads epub , txt and html . it even can look-up your links collected with pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . make your android device read text from any application using clipboard . talking clipboard for android is a text to speech application for android 2.2 and higher , that can read epub books or any text or html files . it can also read text copied from any application , using talking clipboard : read clipboard feature available through the notification/status bar . you can also open read it later saved bookmarks and can read it in talking clipboard . talking clipboard can also convert any webpage article to text and can read it for you .
once you have restored the data , go to contacts and press the left menu button , and go to import/export and import from memory card . i nearly had a heart attack when none of my contacts were restored but that sorted it out : )
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
there are a vast multitude of app manager apps in the play store . i use the android system info app but it does more than just management . as for your exchange issue what are you using to sync ? i know the android pre-installed has issues with exchange depending on how the server is setup and each version has different quirks . you may try using touchdown to see if it will get all of your contact information into the phone , however it is only a free trial and i believe $20 after that .
rebooting into Safe Mode fixed the issue for me somehow . to go boot into Safe Mode: 1 ) long press on the power button for 1 second . 2 ) in the power off menu that appears , press and hold the power off option . 3 ) a reboot into safe mode dialog will appear , click ok to boot into safe mode . after you have booted once into safe mode , check if your auto rotation is working . if it is working then good , reboot normally . if not , then it is most likely a hardware issue and get your nexus 7 replaced/repaired by asus .
i use an android app called adaptive rotation . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ui.robot.rotate it adds the ability to rotate the screen in any orientation and it stays that way . so when apps want to rotate your screen and you want it in landscape , it stays in landscape , or whatever your preferred orientation is . as its software it should fix your issue .
the solution to this problem was to turn off google voice call screening . though the gv app was not installed and i do not know how the setting became enabled , i logged onto my gv account to turn off this setting .
if your device is linked to a google account , merely syncing will restore your contacts and calendar . otherwise , in tib - look for contacts / contacts storage in the backup/restore tab .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
you can install google docs in your android device . also you can use an editor called inkpad , that works your way , the keyboard only is showed if you want to edit the note .
the maildroid app gives a lot of storage options to allow offline caching .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
as far as i know , gmail will " cache " your most recent emails . if you have to " search " or browse through any labels , you probably will not be able to get to those emails . but your inbox ( or at least the most recent in the inbox ) should be available to view since your last sync . additionally , you should also be able to draft emails while offline ( and save the drafts ) , you just will not be able to send them until online again .
is it possible to download the new emails from the gmail account while online , and then read them while offline ? yes , but only for your inbox i think . if you open your inbox on your phone while you have a connection and let all of the messages you have unread propagate to your phone , then close the gmail app and put yourself in airplane mode you can reopen the gmail app and read through your unread messages . is it possible to write emails while offline that will be sent when online ? yes . if you compose and send an e-mail normally the messages that say " sending . . . " will go out as soon as you have a connection again . i just tested this by using airplane mode .
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
the signature mismatch indicates that the package you have installed ( the mediatek-res.apk ) is not from the same source as the rest of the os . it is from a different rom , probably one made for a different device , by a different oem . you need to find the apk file that matches the rest of your rom , from the same device as yours .
it could be possible that the contacts have been entered incorrectly , or it could be a bug with your version of the car mode app . please ensure that none of your contacts are duplicated , and also please ensure that the numbers are correct ( you may need to add/remove the country code ) . another reason could be due to the country code being displayed when the sms/call is incoming , but not being in the contact .
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
usually , kies will inform you of updates faster than ota will . however , ota is more convenient because you do not have to plug in your phone to the pc . so , it is really just a matter of getting the updates quicker versus convenience .
searching the market for " midi " shows quite a few apps that have some level of midi functionality . if you are looking for a full-fledged midi app such as you had find on a pc or mac , you will probably be disappointed due to the small screen and limited hardware interfacing capability of most android devices , but if you are looking to experiment with midi functionality , one or more of these apps should do the job .
this was resolved . unfortunately , i do not have any recollection of how it was resolved . presumably a software update ?
you could download a third party customizable lock screen such as magic lock or go locker , both free .
here is an excellent thread on xda on how to do this the really hard way ( manually , with de-compiling and recompiling the framework . ) i would highly recommend not flashing the different mods from that thread because they are based on files from a different device . also , backing up the files you will be playing with is a must . i have not found any 3rd-party apps that can do this . could be because this mod requires edits to system files that are very device-specific .
you can check out djembey 's pre-rooted s4 thread in xda . the author has debloated ( i.e. . removed unecessary apps ) the stock s4 rom . there is a download link that contains all the apks that he has removed ; search for Removed Apps . it is safe to assume that these apps are safe to be deleted . better yet , why do not you just flash his custom rom ? that seems easier . : )
it depends on the device , and what you mean by "2 . xx " . do you want a : stock android ? b : a rom ? c : a manufacturer-skinned stock image ? i am going to assume that the answer do the question above is d : any of the above . i am also going to assume that by "2 . xx " , you mean 2.3 . there are a few general requirements that will need to be fulfilled for it to be practical , and remember that this depends on the device and software ; do your research before buying ( assuming you have not bought already ) . the requirements : 1: the device was launched with android 2.3 or earlier . 2: the device has an unlocked , unencrypted ( or unlockable ) bootloader . 3: ( pseudo-requirement ) the device had , at the time that android 2.3 was still important , an active development community . if you meet the requirements : you will have to do some google searching for various solutions . if you want . . . a stock device image ( not stock/"pure " android ) then you can find instructions generally by searching " unroot [ device name ] " on google and xda developers . a rom : go to xda developers or the popular dev community site for the device ( google is your friend ) and search for cyanogenmod 7 , or any other 2.3 rom . stock android : good luck . i do not think you will be able to find any flashable images with stock android 2.3 for non-nexus devices .
i tested it using the built-in nfc share feature of youtube application between two nfc devices , namely a nexus 5 and a nexus 10 .
take any nfc enabled thing to test it out and install this task launching app . now create an action using the app to do anything ( click the + icon and follow instructions ) . when it asks you to write the tag , just touch the back of the device to your nfc enabled thing . it may fail to write , but it will still work . examples of some nfc enabled things you might just have lying around : metro cards some electronic keys any other nfc enabled phone
the only solution for you is to use another nfc enabled device . turn on android beam and try to beam something to the other device and vice versa . you can find how to use android beam here . you cannot use apps to check it as they are only capable of checking whether nfc is turned on or not . also the service menu tests is of no use without a tag . and by the way , nfc tags are not that expensive . try ebay and nfctagstore . com
most honeycomb tablets should get ics officially ( unless the manufacturer has already moved on ) , or unofficially ( cm9 ) . not an exhaustive list , but the ones i know of are running today : motorola xoom ( source ) asus transformer ( source ) asus transformer prime ( source ) acer iconia ( source ) archos g9 ( source )
had the same problem when i bricked my samsung s1 . tried to install cyanogen 10.2.1 over semaphore cwm . the issue was not in my internal or external sd card , but within semaphore recovery soft ( i think it was semaphore cwm 5.0.27 , downloads as semaphore 2.7.4 ) . cyanogen team recommends it and links to it from their site , but its a no go for me : ( just use another recovery tool . for example google for replicant recovery image . flash that one with heimdall instead of your previous cwm . worked flawlessly - no " can not mounts " or cache/data errors with it good luck
with the information you have given , it sounds like your sd card might be damaged , or not formatted properly . make sure the sd card is formatted in fat32 with a card reader if you have one available . if there is not anything you need on the sd card , try wiping the sd card through cwm , and reformatting it . if this does not work , the card is probably physically damaged .
i am afraid there is no such facility ( though it might exist a device which has this , i have not yet heard of ) . screen off means screen off . however , i may be able to offer an alternative : tasker can react on " motion " as well , so you could use a " shake-pattern " as trigger . a profile i could imagine : condition : shake twice ( record the shake-pattern ) task : turn display on , unlock , bring app to foreground i am not sure if " shake patterns " could also be something like " tap the device twice " , so you could try that as well . and though tasker is a payed app ( worth every cent ! ) , there is a free , fully functional 7-day-trial available on their homepage .
try searching the playstore . if you gave a proximity sensor on your devices try using that . magnetic sensors use less battery , but you need a magnet to activate . another option are g-sensors . the screen will not register touches while turned off ( some very rare devices do ) .
i was able to retrieve the primary e-mail address from my phone : in the details of an appointment , i was listed as attendee under an e-mail address different from the one the account was configured for , and the e-mail address of this attendee turned out to be my primary e-mail address . i was unable to change the e-mail address for the existing account . after dropping and recreating the account using the primary e-mail address , i can now update details of all appointments on my device .
i think the original samsung application is not good enough and has some bugs . so you can use apps from your mail service like gmail and yahoo applications or use applications which support multiple email services like aqua mail .
i use filezilla on ubuntu and ftp server on android . much faster transfers than bluetooth and you can browse the device . ftp server : f-droid , google play
probably you can create a tasker profile to connect to the wifi network automatically when you arrive at home ( or the home wifi network is in the range ) another good thing you can achieve it using rsync backup is that , you can use rsync and use a tasker job to periodically ( or conditionally ) upload/download data from/to your phone . you can refer to rsync 's documentation for its configuration and other setup steps . you can configure it to only specify required one way transfer of files .
well , personally i do not think that there is any application that can help you in putting the lock over your device when wrong password is entered your device gets factory reset . but yes i have seen that function available over the htc one m8 , if you put the password over the htc m8 wrong for 5 times it gives you the warning and if you put the password wrong for 10 times then the device automatically factory reset your device . i would say it is not possible to till data but i think if you are hungry for the function like , you can either try creating and application which can do so ( but i think that would be whole tough mess ) or try getting an htc one m8 .
you might need to root your phone and find a way to add another password . you might need programming knowledge for this .
its possible with device admin and setting password policy . im not sure i can post some sample code here or not as this site not for codes , for ex mDevicePolicyManager.setMaximumFailedPasswordsForWipe(mCameraAdminReceiver, 2); 
i do not know of any application that does what you request . maybe " after unlock " has a feature like that . what i would do is make an android application that is fired after unlocking the phone . the application would request a new password and if it is entered correctly do the factory reset and format the sd if needed . check this project for an example of how this could be done : mylock
try clearing data of gmail . and then sign in again and sync your mails
i have heard of this problem . there may be a virus in your phone . post about this problem to google . i think you will need to delete the whole device and install android again .
alas , most probably the answer is : no . reason : android 's app model . an app exists of rather loose coupled components ( activities here ) that may be launched independently from each other . only when the main activity is launched as a separate task an entry in the recently launched list is created . other apps can also launch an external activity ( of another app ) that does not count towards that list then . this happens mostly when you dont launch an app from the launcher : you click a notification ( missed call , sms , calendar event , . . . ) an app opens another app ( twitter app -> browser ) follow a link in an sms -> browser select an image in an app -> open in gallery open youtube from a browser link . . . all those ' opened ' apps count as part of the opening app and not as a separate instance ( most likely ) i answered a similar question here : function of back button after opening url from ( twitter ) application info about the underlying architecture : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html
there is an app that does provide that : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aoandroid.jiuboo.androidmanual_ms
you can download the documentation of ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) by the sdk manager . sdk manager--> android 4.0.3 ( api15 ) --> documentation for android sdk it will download all the documentation in &lt;android-sdk&gt;\docs of your pc .
you can find a pdf version for most sections that are built monthly with details of what has changed in the previous month . the website has been split into sections for each book . http://www.docand.com/ the sections are all available as a preview and as a download for free .
it is not the solution you are looking for exactly but an alternative way would be to use the code completion feature of the aide app , an android ide running on android . plus you can code during your metro rides and even meetings : )
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset – hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
there are multiple possible approaches : if you have google cloud backup activated on the " old " device , your wifi passwords have been stored along ( plain text , by the way ) . so starting with a new ( or factory-reset ) device , you should be asked on account creation whether to enable it here as well . answering with " yes " will restore several things even from your old device , including wifi passwords ( for details , please see google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? ) if both devices have root access , you can use either a dedicated tool like wifi pass recovery and backup , or straight go for a full-fledged solution like titanium backup if at least the " old " device has root access , you can obtain your passwords from their configuration file directly . they are usually stored in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf using plain-text .
well i found this to delete ( uninstall ) superuser : use root explorer and delete superuser . apk from the /system/app folder ( 1 ) . go to the android market and download and install super user . use root explorer again and delete su from /system/bin ( 2 ) . go to the market and uninstall super user . notes : ( 1 ) i use root app delete , but the idea is the same . ( 2 ) i try to delete but it is unsuccessful : ) i solve finally using this guide : http://www.androidrootz.com/2012/08/how-to-unroot-any-android-device.html resume : install es file explorer , install supersu start supersu in es file explorer start root explorer delete /system/bin/su delete /system/xbin/su uninstall supersu
if your intention is sharing between multiple android devices ( which is what wifi direct is for , amongst others ) , you might want to take a look at apps like superbeam or fast file transfer . both are directly connecting two devices ( which both have the app installed ) via wifi , without any intermediate .
install and run es file explorer on both android devices and connect them both to one wi-fi access point . long press on the file and use Send option and choose scan . after some lag the target device will be listed and just selecting it will prompt for confirmation on the target device . once confirmation is accepted , the transfer will take place . you can see es file explorer 's help page for more info .
not possible . at least not on most roms . try the nsa or your country 's secret services .
yes , those apps are stock apps in the german-localized roms for the galaxy s3 ( the i9300 version ) . likely they were there in the original rom but you uninstalled them and later forgot about it . it is fine to just uninstall them . the seventh and eight digits of the imei do not have any meaning in current phones . before 2004 , they indicated the country where the phone was assembled , but the structure of the imei was changed then so those two digits do not have a special meaning of their own . there is nothing here to suggest your phone is a fake .
exchange the sim cards with two different handsets and replace it as earlier . this worked for me .
i have finally found a working link for hack4legend : http://www.mediafire.com/?w32aen59riz8qnn it came from yet another guide : http://technologic101.wordpress.com/2012/05/31/tutorial-how-to-downgrade-htc-legend-from-android-v2-2-to-v2-1-100-working-with-hboot-1-01/
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
in my lg optimus one running gingerbread , i can open a message thread and long press on an message . this pops up a list of options and if i press ' view message details ' i get details like from , date , time . the value displayed for from is not the contact name rather it is their number . alternatively , instead of long press , short press on the sender 's name in the message gives an option to call and when i do so and quickly disconnect , i can see the number which is called , which is the number the message came from .
if you do not hesitate to use a third-party messaging app , then simply install go sms pro , it shows the exact sender 's number below her/his name on top of the thread . i am not aware of any other messaging app that also does this , but this one has many nice features along with that one .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
there is a possibility that one of the app installed in your phone keeps the screen on even when it is locked . if possible , connect through adb and see which apps are active .
finally , i did a factory reset on my s2 and now the battery lasts the way it used to with ics . ) :
you are suffering the same problem i was after upgrading . look in the direction of either google now or google maps . good chance you have ' report from this device ' set in maps location settings . this is murder on your battery ! i disabled it and am now back at about 2% - 3% per hour on 3g with light use throughout the day . i also disabled google now for good measure , but i did not notice any real improvements from that . i do still notice much higher battery consumption than 4.04 when having wifi on . at home , i have reverted to 3g after seeing it burn through the battery at 5% per hour even without any active use .
i have the same problem and i found that it is the wifi . if i turn the wifi off , battery drain is less than 15% in 12 hours for my use . yesterday i turned the wifi on in the afternoon and the battery was at 96% . i stayed home connected to my wifi all day and did not use the phone all afternoon . at 8:30pm the battery was down to 19% .
i had the same problem with battery drain . i can tell from your name that you must be from denmark . i found my battery drainer in a danish app . yousee musik was set to automatically download on wifi . since i turned that setting off my problem was gone !
i installed all the updates that the market offered me after upgrading to ensure that i had the latest ( and presumably most froyo compatible ) versions of my apps , then made sure i had the mostup to date version of my side-loaded apps . nothing else , and i have had no problems since the upgrade .
you should not have to re-install anything . i do not recall any app having an issue from an os upgrade , except those that needed changes to work with 2.2 . since you are getting 2.2 so long after its initial launch i would expect all of those issues to already have been worked out .
most of these answers are correct as far as they go . you can charge the asus transformer without the base using any standard usb source ( computer , plug , etc ) with the proprietary cable . the transformer needs to be off or at least have the screen blank in order for this to work , and with less than 10 volts it will not indicate that it is charging . . . but it is , albeit very slowly . the included wall charger uses pin 3 of the usb to determine if it is connected to an asus transformer or another device . it supplies 15 volts if connected to the transformer or base , and 5 volts to any other device so it can be safely used to charge a phone or other device . many people have successfully charged their transformer with a direct connection to a 12-volt source like a car battery . the positive terminal needs to go to usb pin 1 ( red wire ) and the negative to the ground at pin 4 . be aware that while this works , it may void your warranty . such a charging setup cannot be used for phones or other devices !
as others have pointed out , the transformer does require a proprietary cable for charging . there are a couple of drawbacks to this . the supplied cable is not very long . my nexus s phone came with a really long micro-usb cable and it is great , because i can plug the phone in and put it up on a high shelf out of reach of the kids ( who know not to touch the wires ) . the cable is a proprietary plug on one end , and standard usb device plug on the other end . but do not be fooled : it will not charge from the pc . the asus adapter ( which is ac-usb power ) detects the transformer and negotiates a higher current/voltage . the transformer will not charge in a standard usb plug . you can , however , use the asus adapter to charge normal usb devices without problems . i am not sure why asus went with a proprietary cable for charging . i suspect it is because that port is meant to be a multipurpose port for the dock , charging , and accessories , and that using a proprietary port makes all that much easier . however there are not really any accessories for it and anyway they could have included a micro-usb port along with the dock/accessory port . in any case , you would still need the wall plug adapter because of the higher power requirements for charging this device .
i think the proprietary charger is needed because of the higher voltages required by the dual-battery design . i guess you could use the regular usb connector , but it might annoy people when a regular cable did not work because it does not provide the right voltages . using the odd connector ensures that the correct charger gets used .
! i found a powerbolt duo car charger by kensington at tiger direct . one usb connector puts out 2.1 amps , which is what the asus transformer wants , and the other is 1.0 amp . i am sure that there are others available . it does not solve the " short cable " problem though
from what i can see , the transformer charger works much simpeler . if you look closely into the usb connections , you can see an extra set of five pins . at the charger usb socket , a pair of these pins supplies +15v to the tablet . references on the net state that is ok to connect a +12v source to the usb power pins .
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
first off , the charging cable for transformer is not that clunky . sure , inconvenient having to carry another cable and adapter , but it is not that bad . second , asus is not the only manufacturer to use a proprietary port ( with the required proprietary charging/data cable ) instead of usb or microusb connections . samsung tablets are notorious for requiring a similarly shaped 30-pin cable and a/c adapter for charging and data transfer . all apple 's ios devices also have a similar cable/adapter requirement .
what you are missing is : the application ( in your case toolbox ) can evaluate how it was called . to make an easy linux-example : say you have a script called myscript , and call it with the parameters para1 para2 ( i.e. . myscript para1 para2 ) , and the script has a line : echo $0 $1 $1  it would output exactly what you called it : myscript para1 para2 . now make a symlink : ln -s myscript mylink , call mylink para1 para2 , and guess what it will " echo": the command line you called . so parsing the command line , based on the symlink your toolbox was called by , it can determine which functionality you were pointing at .
i faced the same problem . after rebooting for bout 5 times its working fine . and it has nothing to do with the settings .
hope you are expecting mass storage usb mode which is not supported with nexus4 ( stock android )
i have windows 8.1 and i had the same problem , ptp working , mtp not . i was following the steps suggested in this page but it was not doing the job , until i made some previous steps , and slightly changed the last part . summarising what i did is : connect your device . unistall all the drivers from the device manager , be sure to go in " view"-> " show hidden devices " and then check that all of the following are unistalled : a ) android devices b ) other devices c ) portable interfaces now disconnect your device . check the ptp mode and connect your device . wait for the drivers to be installed . without disconnecting check the mtp mode on your device and wait the drivers to be installed again . now it should work ! ! at least it did it for me ; )
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
from what i have read , which could be wrong , these buttons light up where there are notifications , do they stay lit when you clear the notifications too and turn off the screen ?
that is dangerously ignorant . i just checked today with a trustworthy site , and indeed , my milestone² was affected as well . the source is known to be the stock dialer , so htc phones are affected as well ( at least unless they are running jelly bean already ) . i would tell them to please give this statement in written form on company paper ( with the htc header ) , so you can go with that to some boulevard press to have it printed in the daily news . maybe it is more convincing to them to read the fact there than in known reputable sources . meanwhile , the main issue is to get yourself protected . i recommend to install notelurl , which in its latest version runs on all android versions from 2.0.1 up . i can vouch for the developer as a trusted person : he is a member of the androidpit community with high reputation . having this app installed , all ussd actions triggered by an app will open a pop-up to select the app the action should be performed with : the dialer ( which was the only one registered for this before ) or notelurl . then you can decide : select the dialer to really execute , or simply press the " back " button . just do not make anything the default here ; )
the android system monitors the light sensor ( for things like auto-adjusting the backlight ) , but to my knowledge does not specifically log that data by default . you can get an app like androsensor which allows access to all your phone sensors and can monitor and log the data for you .
you cannot post a review unless yo have downloaded the app . so , in my opinion , it would be very tiresome to make so much accounts and then login with each account and then download the apps , especially in the case of paid apps .
short answer : no . there is nothing that prevent developer from making lots of additional google accounts to provide 5 star ratings . google recently made a change that require a google+ enabled account to post reviews/star ratings on google play ( at least using the on-device play-app on certain phones ) which is a small improvement from the past where a simple gmail account would be enough .
yes , htc sense is basic rom provided by htc . if you want to increase your phone speed and internal memory you can keep your original rom and make it fast and full of memory by using link2sd with root privilege . just root your device and use link2sd to create links of your apps to sd-ext
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
rooting gives you access to the root user ( dah ! ) it basically allows you to modify the entire system . for example you can remount the /system partition to delete apps . a rom is an entire operating system that you install in your phone and it replaces your default htc operating system ( normally along with clockwork recovery which is a backup/recovery/installing tool ) . you can find many roms for many phones . cyanogenmod is the most popular one . it is very nice but it does not include sense ( so you would lose any sense based app like the nice dialer ) . you can also find some modified sense roms , these might not be entirely legal ( not sure about this ) but you can find them normally in sites like xda-developers . sense is not a rom , it is a framework that htc uses to create a very specific look and feel for applications . you can only find it ( legaly ) in htc phones
i believe " rooting " means as in linux you become root ( administrator ) and the rom is the binary file specifically for the hardware you are using ; a samsung phone and an htc would require a different rom binary . now since you are root that allows you to change the rom to a new binary file ( cyanogen 's version of the android os ) suitable for the hardware on your model of phone . this may be completely wrong but i gave it an educated guess .
this is not meant as a complete answer , but only to address the issue of installing a rom vs rooting a phone first . it is possible to install a custom rom before you root your phone ( looking at installation directions for any custom rom will verify this ) , and to my knowledge , most , if not all , custom roms are rooted , meaning that when you install it , you have full root rights . however , you may want to root your phone before installing a custom rom , simply so you can back up your entire phone . you can do this via titanium backup . i am not completely sure if there is a way to backup your phone without rooting .
geeksphone started off with the premise of a completely open software and hardware stack . so far they released two handsets , one and zero . although both models are severely outdated specifications-wise compared to today 's high-end models , the " zero " model is quite comparable to current mid-range devices . the company provides source code for the kernel and drivers of their " one " model on the web site . i could not find the sources for the " zero " model , but i am sure they will if you reach out to them .
there are at least 2 different free oses aimed at smartphones - the replicant project and the shr project - both of which are aimed at bringing free-as-in-stallman software to smartphones . i have not used either of these yet , but it looks like replicant is more strict about their definition of free software . both of them appear to be actively under development : http://replicant.us/ http://shr-project.org/trac your choice of free os will have a list of recommended hardware devices , so it may be useful to check out their supported hardware lists before making a decision . it looks like the nokia n900 and the geeksphones are listed in both , and the nexus series from google is at least partly supported .
yes . you can partition your sd card and add a swap space to it ; i have this on my g1 . however , it is fairly complicated voodoo . ( link is for g2 , but instructions should be good for most phones ; however , you should probably search xda for whatever your phone is to be sure ) swapper 2 from the market will do this for you , apparently . i have not tried it myself , i use a custom rom that has it built in .
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
it works that way by default . you can plug into your computer and use data while charging . it may be your specific usb cable , i have seen some that do not always work . bottom line there is nothing special needed
i had issues like this with the android phones with my new belkin router , that i installed and set up yesterday . although not with our samsung galaxy tabs :- ) i tried your suggestion of setting the leasing to two weeks , this did not make any difference :- ( i resolved the issue by taking the channel settings off auto and wacked the channel up to 13 . the problem has resolved . i double checked and put the lease renewal back to forever , as the galaxy tabs have issues when the lease renews on any router . the issue is still resolved . :-d i hope that this helps :-d
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
google play is not tied up to phone numbers , but to google accounts . just add/sync your existing google account into your phone via System Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Add Account . you will then be able to download / use the paid apps that you had in your other phone , assuming they are compatible with your second phone . then from google play , just select the account that you had like to use .
what os do you have ? if using windows , then go to " folder option " > > " view " . then change these two settings : tick to " show hidden files " . untick " hide protected os files " click apply .
you could try installing the rescan sd card ! app and running it . you do not mention what phone you have sometimes you need to tell android to scan the sd card to pick up changes .
cyanogenmod is a tweaked kernel . because of this it is faster , since the team that make it work pretty hard to make android more faster and stable as possible and also it is already rooted , so you do not need to go all over the process of rooting again . i highly recommend you to check the cyanogenmod wiki
have you tried flashtool ? this is a particular software suite for flashing roms on sony handsets , however , i am not 100% confident if it supports the tipo . the full forum thread that discusses about this tool can be found at xda so it might be worth a try to read the thread from beginning to end , to see if others have used it successfully on the tipo . if no luck , try posting a question there on that xda thread , identical to the above question that is asked and wait for a while for someone to answer - you do need to be patient , as people are answering in their own personal free time . be warned though , using this tool , you could lose data , as a result of unlocking the boot-loader , there is a ftf ( flash tool firmware ) file available for listed and detected devices , which can circumvent this and also can re-instate the boot-loader lock mechanism .
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
only gmail app currently supports archiving for gmail . other mail providers do not have the concept of archiving emails , so this is limited only to gmail and hence to gmail app alone . if you want to archive the emails , you should use gmail app , i see no other workaround .
as far as i know , the stock email app in the gs4 does not support archiving like gmail app . so my advice to you is simply use the gmail app in your gs4 as it offers more and better options than the stock one . also you can add as many accounts as you want to into it .
i also had a boot loop today , after flashing semaphore 's clockworkmod recovery according to these instructions , then trying to boot to recovery mode . what helped me out was the hint at the bottom of that page : to use replicant 's recovery . img instead : heimdall flash --KERNEL recovery.img --no-reboot 
try clearing the gallery cache . go into settings-> apps and scroll over to show ' all ' apps . scroll down and open ' gallery ' if the ' clear cache ' button is greyed-out , then you will have to ' force stop ' the app first , then go ahead and clear the cache . exit out and try to open your gallery again .
some kindle books have " lending " enabled on them , so that you can loan them to another kindle user for up to two weeks . the downside is that this can only be done once per book , and not all publishers allow their books to be leant out . more info here amazon . com lending kindle books
as per their faq : how many kindles can i use to access titles in my library ? most books you purchase from the kindle store may be simultaneously accessed for your personal use on up to six kindles or kindle-compatible devices ( such as kindle for pc or kindle for iphone ) registered to your amazon . com account . if the limit is less than six simultaneous copies for a specific title , you will see the message " simultaneous device usage : up to x simultaneous devices , per publisher limits " on the amazon . com detail page . if you reach the device limit and want to replace one of your current devices with a new one , you must first deregister and delete the content from the device you wish to replace before you can access the content in question from your new device . for device registration instructions , please see the help page for the device you wish to register/deregister on the kindle support pages . subscription content such as magazines and blogs can only be downloaded to one kindle at a time and cannot be accessed from kindle for pc . so yes , you can read the ebook on multiple devices , but be aware that there is a limit of 6 ( or fewer ) devices .
you should be able to register multiple kindle apps or devices to the one amazon account . for example i can read the same book on my kindle , htc desire using the kinde app and the desktop application on work and home computers .
settings > accounts > google account > name@gmail . com you can decide which features to keep synced up here .
adb sideload does not transfer the file to the sdcard permanently . to sideload correctly , you need to pick that option from the recovery first and then when the phone is waiting for the sideload type , adb sideload &lt;PACKAGE&gt;  if you want to push the file to the phone 's sdcard , you could try , adb push &lt;PACKAGE&gt; /sdcard/  that should copy the file over to the sdcard . keep in mind that there is no progress bar . edit : try the following to restart the adb server , adb kill-server  then , adb start-server  then check if the instructions work again .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader then it should be pretty simple . just put the system . img file somewhere on your pc , connect your device via a usb cable , reboot into your bootloader 's fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  if you do not have fastboot then you will have to jump through some more hoops . one option would be to use something like unyaffs to extract the contents of the system . img ( if it is an ext2/3/4 filesystem then just mount it ) and then package it up as a zip file that can be installed from a custom recovery . there are some tutorials floating around that explain the syntax of the installer script file , but the easiest way to figure it out would probably be to download a custom rom for your device , unzip it , and look at the updater-script file ( should be META-INF/com/google/android/updater-script in the archive ) . you may also be able to get away with simply using dd on the device , though i would be careful if you decide to try it , and make sure you are booted into recovery : adb push system.img /sdcard/ adb shell dd if=/sdcard/system.img of=/your/system/partition  alternatively , you can often build the source so that it creates a zip file instead of raw images , then install the zip from recovery . i would suggest checking to see see if you have something like make otapackage available to you .
if your phone is rooted and also if you flashed a clock work mod , then you can clear battery status by 1 . reboot into recovery --> 2 . advanced --> 3 . clear battery status
take a look at this setonbatterylocked method from android :
one thing that comes with android is the dialer . try to " call " *#*#4636#*#* . on most devices , this gives you the choice between " since boot " , " since last unplugged " , and more . admittedly , the graphics is not that nice as with your screenshot : )
basically this has to do with the tie up for billing between your carrier and google . currently google may not have a tieup with your carrier to charge you directly on phone bill . or if you were earlier use to but via your carrier than their is a fair chance that contract between google and you carrier is over or in some dispute due to which direct carrier billing integration has been removed .
if you have not set up a google wallet account , you’ll need to create one before making a purchase . open the google play store google play store app . select an app or digital content item . touch the price . if you are purchasing an app , review and accept permissions to continue . next to the price , touch the down down arrow . touch payment options . touch carrier billing enable carrier billing . review and save your account information .
carrier billing agreements are only set up on a few carriers in a few countries . as of the end of 2013 , that list is : country carriers australia telstra belgium mobistar germany t-mobile international , o2 france sfr , bouygues , orange hong kong 3 ireland 3 , o2 italy wind italy japan docomo , kddi , softbank korea kt , skt , lgu+ netherlands kpn norway telenor poland play russia beeline singapore singtel spain movistar sweden 3 , telenor se switzerland swisscom uk t-mobile international us at&t , sprint , t-mobile , verizon ( source ) if you are still having trouble , google play support has some other troubleshooting steps you should try : if you don’t see a carrier billing option under payment options , here are some troubleshooting tips : make sure you’re connected to your carrier’s mobile data network ( 3g/4g ) , not wi-fi . direct carrier billing is only available on mobile devices using the google play store google play store app , not computers . your account with your carrier must be in good standing . check with your carrier to make sure : you haven’t exceeded your carrier’s monthly spending limit . your device and service plan allow premium content purchases . your device can use direct carrier billing .
if the phone is working normally otherwise ( that is , you can make calls and send/receive texts normally ) , then it is unlikely to be a problem you can fix yourself . you should contact your carrier or google support .
the comment above about replacing system ui is correct . however there is a hack that overlays android 's built-in navigation bar with a " customizable navbar-like panel " . the real navbar is hidden but still exists . if you are still interested in a hard fix you need to unpack , modify and repack systemui . apk . this can be done using the apktool utility , which unzips the apk in editable form . in the resulting file tree , look for and edit res/layout/system_bar . xml using a plain text editor . add the keymap and icons for volume control : the exact placement of the code probably depends on the customization done by the rom vendor . but a likely spot is to search and place it after the line that contains the text " android:src="@drawable/ic_sysbar_recent " . after inserting the references , you need to copy the icons themselves to the right folder : the final step is to repack the edited system_bar . xml and new icons along with the rest of the unpacked systemui . apk . i am sure my instructions are incomplete . so remember to keep a good ( and tested ) backup and recovery tool at hand before attempting to install your hacked apk !
if you look under sound settings there should be an option for vibration patterns . the intensity should be configurable from there as well .
there is no os-wide " trash " or " recycle bin " like other shells have . however , the android design guidelines recommend app authors to put something like that in each app as appropriate , to allow undoing deletes . thus , in one app , a delete button might delete the content immediately , while another might mark the content as deleted but wait for some time before deleting any files in the filesystem . there are even more possibilities with apps that sync to a server : they might need to keep ' deleted ' content around for the next sync , or it might be on a server somewhere , never deleted . in addition , not every item of user data you might delete is a file . some apps might store things in a database , so after you delete an item , part or all of it might still be present in the app 's database . of course , like any filesystem , once a file is deleted , most of its content remains on the storage . someone with physical access to the storage , or a rogue root app , can almost certainly still read it for quite some time after it is deleted . it is pretty easy to recover files in this way , especially if your phone acts as a usb mass storage device when plugged into a computer .
you lost all your contacts as it was tied to the old one , registered a new one , then when ics sync'd , nothing there . . . as it was on a newly registered account . question is what happened to attribute you to getting your previous google account closed ?
draft can open markdown files with .md and .markdown extensions .
markdawn . if you open a .md file in the dropbox app it'll let you to open it with it . it has been pointed out that currently ( as of 2013-04-18 ) markdawn only works as a viewer .
i found a good web application to view and edit markdown-formatted files - stackedit . you can integrate it with dropbox and google drive and use it to open any of your text files . it does not matter if were .md , .txt, or something else .
i believe bluetooth is the only way to do this . in order to be able to do this via usb the device would need to support usb-otg ( basically be capable of acting as a usb host ) ; given that you are excluding bluetooth , i doubt there would be a device with usb-otg but without bluetooth . you had obviously need a gps capable of sending data over usb , as well .
google probably disables google maps in israel largely for security reasons . google street view in israel was enabled only some time in 2012 . older news reports say that google maps for israel was totally blank from some areas ( especially areas that may attack israel ) . btw , i can see israel in google maps from my place ( philippines ) . related information : why google earth pixelates israel
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
just . . . go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications select the all tab scroll down and find gallery open this entry , tap the clear defaults button
it is not the best i could do but installing brand new gingerbread ( obviously ) solved the problem
normally you would do this from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . find the app in the list , click it , and choose clear defaults .
a reasonably well respected program is keepass , an android version exists here . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.android.keepass on their site they have quite a good discussion about the security http://keepass.info/help/base/security.html
those protected apps are not secure at all . these protects are meant for girlfriends only . . . : ) as you have said android does not allow one app to prevent another app from starting up , there is no way to really protect an app . the password screen can be by-passed by disabling one receiver of protector app . even its also not required for some poorly written protector apps : just , kill the protector app and done ! and , the most easiest method is more funny : many protector apps provide a failsafe password to by-pass protection in case user has forgotten the password . you just need to contact developer saying you have forgotten your password and he will provide you a failsafe password . : ) if your device is rooted , i recommend you to use seal . seal provides a root method which is much more secure than generic methods . disabling a receiver does not by-pass its security . as it gets root permission , it heal itself from any attempt to by-pass its security . so , even malicious codes fail against it . in the last , no protector app encrypts an app and decrypts it on fly before opening it . its simply because android system simply does not support it . so , an advanced user can access your protected apps and associated data using android sdk .
jtag has zero involvement with android ! you may find a jtag being visible either under the battery or near the sim/sdcard holder , its a circuitary pin-layout hidden , one may have to dismantle the back cover , usually 6 gold pins in a cluster close together . it is that , using a special hardware box that has a vast-array of cables with designated pins ( depending on hardware manufacturer ) , along with specialized software which would be specifically made for that particular handset ( there are some generic catch-all kind of boxes that can be loaded with specific micro-code instructions for that respective manufactured board - the part is that can be tricky , is getting the identical micro-code for that circuit board , load the wrong set of codes then there is a risk of permanent damage ! ) . the micro-code instructions are emitted by the hardware box attached to the cable , clipped in position on top of the jtag pin-outs , which sends a signal to some part of the chip to revive it , and then from there , a appropriate firmware can get flashed into place using this method . this is a highly specialized topic where a background in electrical engineering would be helpful , to know which pins are either ground ( grnd ) , transmit ( tx ) , receive ( rx ) and also power ( pwr ) . the power , is the important one , as if the battery is dead , power can still be activated into the circuitary . furthermore , those hardware boxes , which can be found on the internet are very expensive ( due to differing manufacturers with different types of cables , and positioning of jtag pinouts . . . )
depends how desperate you are for the files . so here is a way to get the files yourself incase nobody else loads up the actual files for you . you will need to do all this on a linux box of your choice . best way to approach this is to download your image file from google https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#hammerheadkrt16m as you can see at the moment there are two builds for the nexus 5 once you download that file unzip that file until you find the img files . there will be one called system . img which will probably contain the files you need . unfortunately the img is compressed any you will need to uncompress that image first . there is a thread over here that discusses this http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1081239 once you have the image that has been uncompressed you should be able to mount it on a loop back device mount -o loop system . raw . img mnt &lt ; - create the mnt directory first then that mounted directory should show you all the files
you can simply use an app like wifi file transfer as explained in this answer . you can use a usb otg cable and connect a mouse to use your phone for your data recovery process . you may have to hurry as the water that is already inside the device can harm the hardware in your device . keep the device turned off and remove battery . try to give it a little bit of sunlight . do not expose it to direct strong sunlight .
it works for me . i just tried using the " share " command to upload a geotagged photo from my android phone to picasa , and i can see the map on the picasa website . i am using an htc dream with android 1.6
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
since the answer from gsteinert is a little bit outdated , i will try to give an update : tl ; dr apps on tablet will go to the same filter process as apps on phones on the market . apps that appear on tablets follow the same filtering rules as with phones . developers are given the ability to set attributes for their app in the , so called , manifest . for example : if an app declares that it is , for whatsoever reason , only compatible with small screen sizes , it will not show up on the market on a tablet with greater screen sizes . note that this case is very rare , because most apps that are only designed for small screens will either be upscaled or just use a small amount of the screen . there is also a way to declare an app for honeycomb tablets only .
again an update , as meanwhile flow 's answer also got a little outdated ( lol ) : if you want to filter for good tablet optimized apps , for one there are specialized apps like tablified market or tablet market to help you out . on the other hand , google started to work on this issue meanwhile . so you find a tab titled featured apps for tablets at least on the google play website . for details on this , you might also wish to read google play tablet apps getting special designation ; according to that article , the google play store is now only showing tablet-optimized apps in its top lists when accessed through a tablet .
try es file explorer . it can access user shared folders + administrative shares .
nexus media importer can restore usb otg support . source .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
the first part of your question is tautological : if the phone supports sdio then yes , it supports sdio . the g1 and the " beagleboard " support it , i believe . as for the nfc chip , i would say that if it is not small enough already then it could be shrunk to fit . it is not a particularly complicated piece of electronics . i would see very little benefit in developing something like this , however . i do not think nfc will take off before the next 2 or 3 generations of phones ( if it does at all ) , so most people will be getting new ones instead of tricking out their old ones .
updating dd-wrt to the latest build ( 15778 - d-link 615 d2 ) fixed it for me .
this problem might be caused by some third party application installed on the device . i faced this problem with quite a few applications like " fast file transfer " , " super beam " , etc . applications that require to use the wifi-direct feature seem to create the problem . i uninstalled both the applications and the device wifi was normal again after a reboot .
check if you have set up date right ! i have just observed that the date was set to 01.01.1980 and changed it to the current date and everything started working right .
i have the original transformer eee pad ( great device highly recommend any version of transformer tablets ) . i actually took it to europe this summer ( i live in the us ) and it worked fine except for a couple of things : -as znewman said , you will have to get a converter for the charger ( if you plan to plug it into any sort of outlet ) . -i believe the google play store may be slightly different . i know in france it was ( content such as music and books were unavailable when i tried to access google play from my tablet in france ( i did not try it in the uk ) . it is very possible that this is not the case in the uk but you should be aware of it . yes , gps and wifi work just as well . i tried both in england with out a hitch . hope this helps clear things up .
the transformer pad infinity itself would function fine in the uk . you would probably have an issue with the us charger and would need to get an adapter or charge via usb . as far as i can tell gps and wifi should work the same no matter where in the world you are .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
yes it will . i updated and now i have the new maps . knox security prevents you from installing any apks , and you can not kill knox , so if you do not want the new maps do not install the ota .
no , it will not update google maps . you will have to update that manually or through google play . however , after you download and install the ota update , you may receive a google map update notification . just make sure you do not set your google play apps to auto-update , so you can close / ignore those notifications . source : comments on cnet .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
check out withu app withu connects you with your family and friends in any problem . withu is an emergency app that , at the click of the start button begins sending out alert messages in every 2 minutes to your contacts that you saved into the app as the receivers or guardians . enter contacts numbers of people whom you wanna inform whenever you are in trouble . if you feel unsafe , distress , just press green start button , it will send sms ( with your location and time ) to the saved numbers . the message says " i am in problem . please help me . my location is ( your current location ) " . even if you have not internet connectivity , it send sms to your contacts with message " i am in problem . please help me " . you can place the button on your homescreen .
" usb storage " is the " internal " sd card i.e. the partition on the phone 's internal memory that is treated like an sd card for general data storage . " storage card " is your actual physical microsd card . the former is where the stuff moved via " move to sd " or " move to storage card " gets put . as for why it does this , android 's system for storing app stuff in user storage has not caught up with the concept of having more than one section of user storage .
it seems to be the . android_secure folder on your sd card .
i guess you have to read the " usb storage app " as the usb storage used by the app itself . so the code of the application . if your application would for instance start generating cache information , saved pictures etcetera . and if it would save that information on your storage card , then the information will be showed under storage card . so under " app " and " storage card app " is only the information and code of the application itself , not the information or data it generates . so in most case these 2 numbers will not change over time . and then under " data " and " storage card " information generated by the application can be found . either on the storage card or the internal memory ( depending on the application i guess ) . this is the information managed by the application ( local databases etc ) , so this will probably change over time , depending on the application in question of course . this is my interpretation of those 4 terms . and if i check for some applications i use , it looks like my interpretation is correct . it is certainly correct for the applications i created myself , so for these apps i know where what information is saved on the phone .
what system are you running the emulator on ? at the moment , it just seems like your system is probably too slow to run the emulator . the emulator is very resource intensive , and unless you have a high end machine it is going to be very slow . for the start , you had want to start with a smaller screen resolution . tablet-sized screen resolution is practically impossible to emulate unless you have a very high-end machine , try wqvga size . next check how much ram you allocate for the virtual machine , if it exceeds the amount of free ram you usually have when you do not have the emulator running , then it is going to be very slow due to heavy swapping . also , close other applications running on the system to free up resources .
for some apps , you could buy it on your account , then give them the apk , but this will not work for all apps , as many of them contact the market to make sure they have been paid for . that also might not be entirely legal . at the moment , i think the only option you really have is just to give them the money to buy it .
apps are tied to the account ; so while the app may work they would not be able to get it back if they uninstalled it , reset the phone , etc . there is no simple , good way to do what you want currently .
notifications for sms can be set from two places : the general configuration from settings > sound , where you can set the default notification sound . from the messaging app itself , settings > notification settings , where you can set it to use the default value defined in point 1 or you can define another value . check both places to configure the notification you want . also if you have any third party apps , despite being disabled they might still mess with the notification alerts . i would suggest to uninstall them while you check your notification sound settings and the reinstall them afterwards if you want to use them again .
download the zip to your computer , boot up the phone in normal mode ( just press the power on button when turned off - no bootloader , fastboot or anything like that ) and connect it to the computer via usb . the phone memory that opens up on your computer is where you should put it . it really does not matter the exact location , as long you can access it later in the twrp recovery ( the download directory mentioned in the guide is also there ) . then you can proceed with step 10 ( or step 15 if you have already installed the twrp recovery ) .
try this app " contact adder " . first you copy the signature and then open this app . it allows you to simply map these fields with contact book . it also auto detects email address if it is in the signature . contact adder , trial version and contact adder , pro version
its majorly dependent on your launcher , you could replace your default dialer with go ! dialer or something of that sort . most stock launchers have this functionality , once you click on the number in the email , it would open it in the dialer there press the option button and you would have add contact . if not , try alternative dialers as mentioned .
if you long-press the phone number , you will get prompted to add a contact . unfortunately you still need to manually enter a lot of information .
tasks works great for me . it has a free and paid version .
astrid works fine with google tasks . it syncs with google tasks and can work offline .
i have been using irt gtasks outliner that gives you an offline outliner that syncs with gtasks . it is currently in beta but have been quite stable for the month or so i have used it .
virtually any of the apps in the play store which interact with google tasks will have this functionality . that said , i have been using and quite happy with google tasks organizer . ( there is also a free " lite " version . )
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
if your device is rooted , you could give wireless tether for root users a try . according to an article on e-how . com , this app also features a mac-filter , allowing you to exactly define which devices are permitted on your hotspot : wireless tether provides wpa encryption , the latest wireless security standard , and allows for mac address filtering , letting you screen devices without having to constantly monitor your phone . ( edit : according to the app 's own description , wpa/wpa2 is available on supported devices only , whatever those " supported devices " may be ) for the default hotspot shipping with android , you might want to star this issue at google code , which requests exactly the feature you are looking for ( mac filtering ) .
from what i understand - if you use a strong password in either wpa-psk or wpa2-psk it is more or less " unbreakable " . even if you use a legacy cipher like tkip you still need to intercept the 4 way handshake to get the authentication packets . when you gotten that , then the hashed string need to be brute forced . android hotspots running wpa2-psk will use the aes cipher by default unless told otherwise by the device requesting access . so as long as you force both of your computers to run aes and pick a strong password . you should not worry about the neighbours cracking your wifi ; ) recommendations regarding the password : do not use any words that can be found in a dictionary mix letters , capitol letter , numbers , ! "#¤% and / ( ) = ? @£$€ [ ] {} ( the more randomness the better ) the length of password should probably be at least 10 characters long , if you follow the advice above then the longer the better : ) newer android phones can filter by mac and hide the ssid ( my samsung galaxy siii can ) - but that is more or less security by obscurity with the tools out there today . basic sniffing tools can find hidden networks and mac addresses can easily be spoofed :/ toms hardware did an article about it last year , link to article - they show cpu and gpu based cracking , the later is the de facto standard these days .
i can personally recommend free forever gone ( sd card cleaner ) . it is not paid app and it has : much better rating no suspicious permissions 100x times bigger user base often updates
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
the picture you are looking for is /data/system/users/0/photo . png just delete it to get rid of it . god bless .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
if you think this file is not pdf . . then downlad it on windows pc and open by notepad . first few letters in first row will tell you what format is current file . you can paste it here to let us see what is that . for example : %pdf-1.6
this is dependent on the carrier . uma is the form of radio that allows the sending of traditional texts and mms over wifi . t-mobile in the us is the carrier who has it , as for where you are , i would check with your provider .
i dont think it is possible , since the data is sent through the cell network and not through a traditional wi-fi style internet connection .
i think that most ( smart ) phones do not know how to create a separate ip socket to send/receive mms over wifi . so they revert by default to the data socket provided by the carrier . or they may not have the ability to switch between two different sockets automatically . if you do root your phone and change the default mms ip socket , you may lose all mms connectivity depending on the phone .
it could be done technically . afaik all communication between mms enabled components is done via standard tcp/ip . but in a regular provider setup the mms store and forward server ( s ) ( mmsc ) are only reachable via the providers network . that is why you can not send and receive mms via wifi . it is also the reason why you can not make a call and send/receive an mms simultaneously when you have only 2g ( gprs/edge ) connectivity . normally android will drop the gsm data connection if there is wifi connectivity and all data will be routed through the wifi interface , but there is one exception : the mms traffic will still go through the mobile data connection .
your network probably uses a separate mms apn for multimedia messaging , and these are restricted to the operator 's own network , so the messages can not be received via wifi . also , the messages are directed to your phone number so this could be compared to using sip/voip through your regular phone number . if there is an active wifi connection , it is ignored and packet data is used instead ( if enabled ) .
as others have mentioned , the only way to receive a mms directed toward the number serviced by your carrier is for you to be connected to their service . however , you might consider a service such as google voice . google voice provides an alternative number that is then routed to your phone . currently google voice only supports sms , but there may be other services that offer mms support . a sms message sent to your google voice number would then be visible in the google voice app , even if you only have a wifi connection .
the phone should be in download mode : take out the battery plug into usb ( apparently skip this if you have an i9000 -- see comments ) while holding both volume buttons ( note , you may need to hold home+voldown instead ) insert the battery click the power button phone should go into download mode after a few seconds : you may need to disconnect from and reconnect it to the computer after this for odin to see it .
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
google docs sounds like a reasonable solution . it is lightweight , flexible , and editable both on a desktop and on a phone . introducing complex location tracking applications to organize a group of volunteers seems like an overkill .
i am not familiar with how htc sense deals with vibration settings , but this does sound like a bug . as a possible work around - you could install tasker and set a profile for every time you turn the screen on to set vibration off . this is a nasty hack , but would stop the vibration function on your phone from coming on all the time .
in my ics ( on lg swift hardware ) the switch to " ring " profile occured on every answered call during daytime . somebody else at polish lg forum complained about switching to " quiet " at night . solved : after some reading and a simple experiment i found that it is the system app to switch profiles for the nighttime ( settings-> sounds-> " silence time " in my lg ) . this is a buggy app : after any event requiring sound on - like answered call or so -- it switches to the scheduled profile , even if it was overriden manually . to make clear : i have " nighttime " quiet setting , so after manual switch to " loud " , upon first call it automatically returns to " quiet " . in the daytime , when quietened manually , after a first call it returns to " loud " . switching this option off helps . p.s. i have read about problems with tasker after upgrade - maybe it is some more general bug ( or feature making some apps incompatible )
i know this is late , but i have the same kind of phone , and came across the same problem . honestly , if you have that many messages and still want to delete them , the best way to do so is to set the screen fade out to never , plug it into the charger , and delete the messages while you are sleeping . by the time you wake up the loading circle will be gone , along with all the messages you deleted . hope this helps !
late reply , but i just experienced the same thing and used a different approach to fix this problem which may work for others . i am not sure what caused this issue--never really looked at my texting settings before . but below is what worked for me when restarting , and deleting data did nothing for me . i went to running applications , found the texting application ( mine was multi-touch keyboard ) , selected it , went to settings , changed the input method to " swype " , then closed out . this stopped the keyboard from locking whenever i went to input txt into any application .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
maybe your phone does not support the app you are searching . also , some apps only can be install from certain locations ( example google listen is available in a few countries ) . from google play website all apps are going to appear , but when you try to install this apps its gonna say " this app is not compatible with your device " .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
im apps that do not require an additional account tend to be few and far between on android ( in my experience , anyway ) , but so far i have seen two : ebuddy - this does have an associated " ebudy id " account that you can register for , but you are not required to do so in order to use other protocols . im+ ( free , pro ) - same as ebuddy above . another potential selling point is that the tablet interface is much nicer , imho .
not specific to android , but traffic . com lets you define " drives " and will send sms and/or email alerts if issues are detected . other sites have similar features .
proxy . mvno . tracfone . com make sure that the letter p is on upper case and this is an old apn settings your internet is slow on this kind of apn use the current lte one
izzy says : have you tried going to settings-> apps-> manage apps and see if you can find the download manager there ? might either be in the alphabetic order , or moved to the end of the list . tap its entry , tap the " enable " button . bassmadrigal says : it should be under settings -> apps -> all at the bottom of the list ( if you have multiple apps disabled , it will be sorted alphabetically below all the enabled apps ) . just click on it and click the enable button .
go to settings > apps then scroll to the right . you will see a few tabs : downloaded running , all disabled ( if any of your apps are disabled ) in the disabled tab find the download manager and enable it .
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory ‘sdk/platform-tools’ ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
which version of the xoom do you have ? motorola have so far only released an ics update for the us wifi version of the xoom ( the 3g version and the international version use different firmware and have not had the update yet , applying this update to those models may harm them ) . if you do have a us wifi xoom then motorola are already actively pushing this update out and have been doing this in batches since 24th jan . if your device is regularly connected to the internet and has not automatically picked up the update yet , then you can force it to go and check by going into settings -> about tablet and selecting system updates it should then go and check for you . in the future , if you want to have a chance of getting xoom updates early , you can join the official motorola feedback network , members of that group did reportedly get the ics update a few weeks earlier than everyone else . join it by signing up at the motorola forums and selecting the " motorola feedback network " option . if you do want to do this manual update , then you can pick up a usb otg ( aka host mode usb cable ) very cheaply on ebay , i got one for connecting my camera to the xoom for a couple of pounds , including postage from hong kong !
try soundwire or airfoil , although i am sure there are better programs out there .
as dev0 says , it is not possible over bluetooth . you need to stream it through your wifi connection .
dev0 and hello are correct - no you cannot connect using your android device as a a2dp sink given the standard android bluetooth stack . stack overflow user dennis mathews explains why : you may not be able to [ create an a2dp connection ] manually between 2 phones also because to stream one device needs to be a2dp sink and other other a2dp source ; phones are typically only source devices ( source of the stream that can stream to sink devices ) , sinks are headsets or bluetooth speakers . he and the op briefly discuss options for replacing the stack but their conversation dies without a concrete answer . . . as it seems several other similar questions around the web do . xda user zelendel , in general , is not very hopeful about the matter - when asked if it was possible to replace the bluetooth stack he responded : simple answer is no . you can try a cm based rom that gives you those options but the stacks can not be swapped due to driver problems . it is a give and take . the default has better strength and range but is missing a few unneeded option ( po ) , while cm uses bluz stack which gives you the option but you lose some bt signal strength and range . sorry , it seems to me you are out of luck .
it is not possible via bluetooth on android , only from phone to pc , not from pc to phone . . . but here are some solutions you may be able to use : the easiest way to do it is using this app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.georgie.soundwirefreerdid=com.georgie.soundwirefreerdot=1pli=1 another way to do it is to use splashtop remote , which uses your wifi or 3g to remote control your pc , and sends hi quality audio and video to your phone , but if you are on 3g it can use a lot of data , so it can get expensive . . . the next thing is to use airbubble app and airfoil to stream audio from pc to android device http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1051623 http://www.rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/windows/ i hope you found this useful . . .
i wrote wifi speaker which does what soundwire and airfoil do ; except it does it better . i feel confident saying its the best pc to phone app on the market right now . the interface is intuitive , there is a graphics equalizer display , audio compression , and some gui customizations . you can even select what audio format you want . all standard formats from 44.1khz to 8khz are supported . and its low latency . 50ms-200ms . i am done with the shameless plug . now go check it out !
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
yes , you can use an alternative lockscreen . something like widgetlocker , which happens to have an iphone theme . again yes , but you need an alternative launcher . for example , adw launcher , or launcher pro . you got it . i do not think so . it depends on what type of folders they are . filesystem folders are usually sorted by date or name . yes , but you need an app for that . try something like handcent sms . yes . tap their picture , and tap the phone icon in the popup that appears below ( or above ) it .
no , that " fooling " needs deeper access into the system , and thus requires root . but apart from that , i would recommend trying it with a different card . important : not the same brand and size and class ; try e.g. a card from a different manufacturer switch between classes ( class-6 is good enough , it does not have to be class-10 ) there are several incompatibilites reported here and there , and in most cases a card from a different brand worked fine . maybe you can borrow some from friends if you cannot effort to buy a bunch . i always buy microsd with sd adapter , so in case of incompatibility i can use it in my camera or other devices , and the buy was no loss in any case .
i do not think the stock app will let you change the channel but it looks like other tethering apps will . try wireless tether for root users : features : . . . - ) settings for wifi-ssid , wifi-channel , " lan"-network and more .
changing the channel while creating a wireless hotspot is possible only after firmware modifications . however barnacle wifi tether reportedly does the job . it is open source .
ok so i found the solution . it was stuck in a bootloop . instructions can be found here . bootloop problem pull your battery ( if you are already in your recovery skip to step 3 ) use your hardware buttons to boot your phone into amon-ra or clockwork recovery ( google to find out how if you are unsure ) use your hardware buttons to boot your phone into amon-ra or clockwork recovery ( google to find out how if you are unsure ) download your rom ( update-xx . zip ) onto your pc - this will probably still be on your sd card place the rom ( update-xx . zip ) on the root of your sd card . this can be done through your recovery by selecting " mounts and storage " from the " home " menu of the recovery . then selecting " mount usb storage " from recovery select " install zip from sd card " select it by pressing your trackball/ action button select " choose zip from sd card " ( this may vary depending on the recovery used ) select it by pressing the trackball/action button locate the rom ( update-xx . zip ) you placed on the root of your sd . select it by pressing the trackball/action button , confirm your selection . after the install is completed successfully , hit the back button to the " home " menu of your recovery choose " wipe data/factory reset " select it with the trackball/action button , confirm your selection . once the wipe is complete . use the menu to reboot your device . you will need to reinstall the google apps suite ( market ect )
go to your settings -> applications -> manage applications . select the ' all ' tab and scroll to the current dialer app . scroll down and press the ' clear defaults ' button . now when you select dial , you should be prompted to select a particular app and also have the opportunity to set a new default .
typoclock and typoclock free both use the system language as one can see on the app features : multilanguage ( widget uses your system language to display day name and month name ) . there is no solution for situations like this , as you can only manipulate the application i18n feature if it was developed with such an option . you can , as mentioned by izzy on the comments , email the developer and see if this can be a feature a for future release .
have you enabled javascript in Settings -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Enable JavaScript ? the site works normally for me on ics stock browser on my galaxy s .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
the best way is to create or import your contacts under google account . you can add both email or facebook info under each contacts . you can also log in to facebook app and sync facebook contacts . same name will be linked automatically and you may need link manually for the remaining contacts .
you could first add a facebook account from  Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Add new account-&gt;Facebook  then the fb contacts will get synced with their numbers if users have added it on facebook . after that try syncing with the google account . if this does not work , you could always use the ' link contacts ' option provided in almost all contact application . it will detect similar accounts and link them to form a single contact file . hope this helps ! import facebook contects to goole+ .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
these are some alternate applications for that purpose beam reader repligo reader
you can only zoom without multitouch in reflow text mode , sadly . Menu -&gt; View Mode -&gt; Reflow Text and then hit the t+ button that pops up when you tap the screen .
something like that would have to be done in a custom rom , there is no way in the api to do that . i would suggest looking at something like widget locker to put a slider on your lock screen that takes you straight to your voice recorder app .
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
if you just want to disable the talk notifications and use messaging for everything , it should be as simple as opening google talk , going to its settings , then disabling im notifications .
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
android 2.2 is now available for your device , which includes voice search : http://archosfans.com/2010/11/30/froyo-firmware-2-0-54-for-gen8-released-2/
do you mean the google voice search ? if so , i think it is only available on selected countries . here on brazil , it was unavailable until some weeks ago , when it was released on android market . this page shows where it is available : http://www.google.com/support/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=170820
i have been looking for automated network switching for years , and i had always thought that this kind of behaviour was only possible using cyanogen ( or similar ) roms . anyway , i recently found some threads on xda that suggest that this might not be true . first , it seems that in sony devices it is possible to tweak the system to show a 2g/3g toggle : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/serajr-power-toggles-brings-settings-to-the-small-app-world/ and there is also this other thread that shows you how to " open " any rom ( even stock ) so 2g/3g switching is possible . i do not fully understand the process , but as far as i see it should even work with tasker : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1731187 all methods require rooting the phone , though , which i think is unavoidable .
you can create a shortcut with any autotouch automation application that does this and place shortcut on your home screen
with xposed module and gravity box installed , the pull down status bar can be customised even on stock rom ( of course it has to be rooted ) . i have a nexus 5 running stock 4.4.4 and following is how it looks : with these installed , one can swipe down with two fingers from top and just tap the last tile shown as "3g " in the image . though this nearly misses the first requirement of using no more than one tap , technically it still does as you have swipe down and use one tap . that tile toggles between 3g , 2g , 2g3g states . there is a minor lag to see the signal strength tile to reflect the status as " h+" or " e " . by installing the gravity box , i was also able to bring in the additional tiles like " torch on/off " , " auto rotate lock " etc which were not available in the stock rom . update : thanks to jsen who was kind enough to share an intent to switch between 2g and 3g using tasker and gravity box ( that implies xposed framework and rooting ) . to avoid a dead link in future , the content of that tasker hack is as below : in my office , i have very bad 2g signal which drops my call very frequently . hence i used to switch to 3g when i reach office . i created an entry task named " enable 2g " and an exit task named " enable 3g " which just sends intent as above . with tasker 's " cell near " state i can ask tasker to enable 3g when i am near office and switch back to 2g while leaving .
finally tried this , it is quicker to do the following : select the contact name from the favorites widget ( the icon performs the action , the name shows you their details ) . select menu > more . select set widget action . select call , text , etc .
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
i had the same problem , but found out that disabling handle http in the ebookdroid settings fixes the issue .
since ebookdroid is open source , i took a quick glance at the androidmanifest . xml , the pertinent information is this part , between lines 24 and 33: the keyword ( s ) is in the intent filter 's category android.intent.category.BROWSABLE and the android:scheme="http" with both of these , the app " listens " on the http/https both web , plain and secure and among others such as smb for samba file shares , etc , for the content links that contains the pdf , djvu and others , identified by the lines between 35 and 43: this will explain why the app hijacks any browser downloads and thusly that automatically opens all pdf links instead of letting me download them why not post an issue on the same site to let the developer know about this ?
you would have to use your emergency backup codes you should have printed out : backup code page . these are one-time use codes that google recommends you print for emergencies to access your google account to unlock your phone . additional information for methods of gaining account access .
to regain access to your phone , first you have to regain access to your account on a computer . like dylan said , this can be done using your one-time backup codes . ( you saved those codes , right ? ) once you have done that , generate a new application-specific password . ( https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens or account settings -> security -> 2-step verification settings -> manage application-specific passwords . ) use this new password to log into your phone . you can safely revoke the old application-specific password that you had previously used on your phone .
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
first , i would report that app as fraud to google : such behavior imho contradicts with their rules ( you can also give the appmaker the option to either have you removed from that subscription , or you would report – with the latter resulting in his app being removed from play ) . second , if you do not need premium sms services in general , check with your provider to have them removed altogether . if you can convince them you cannot unsubscribe due to fraudulent behavior of an app having you subscribed to and not letting you unsubscribe , it is their duty to take care for it ( to do so , they do not need to reveal that " servicename " to you , as long as they stop charging you ) . otherwise you could report them to the corresponding regulation office . having premium services disabled altogether should stop them from charging you . after that , if you do not want to read messages coming from that dubious service , you can simply put their number on your blacklist .
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
what you describe is a mix of multiple problems . first , your apps becoming " unavailable " is most likely due to apps2sd being used , and you installed those on your sd card . see : how to undo apps2sd second thing is your card itself ( hardware , the " thing you put inside your device" ) . if it goes broke that often , this rises some hardware related questions . most likely possibilities : your card is broken your devices card adapter is broken something with your card controller is broken you can check 1 . easily in different ways : a . check whether your card causes problems in other devices b . check whether other cards cause the same problems with your sgs if ( a but not b ) => use a new card ( case 1 . ) if ( b but not a ) => have your device checked ( for either 2 . or 3 . ) . hopefully you have got some warranty left . other useful q and as on this site which might prove helpful to you include ( but are not limited to ) : why has my micro sd card suddenly stopped working in my samsung galaxy siii ? micro sd card physically damaged ? how to fix damaged sd card ? fix a damaged microsd card ?
facebook go to settings> sync contacts> remove facebook data skype settings> sync contacts> do not sync gmail not all devices allow to delete gmail contacts from phone , but you can always hide them doing like this . open contacts> right tap> more options> display settings> google> uncheck all groups .
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
adbwireless is a great debugging tool if you can not use the usb port . it requires a rooted device . connect with adb as shown on screen and use adb as usuallty . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=siir.es.adbwirelesshl=en
you need to go into the actual android settings , and then application manager : android settings > application manager > whatsapp then untick " show notifications " . you can then choose to enable pop-up alerts for messages or groups . ( in my case i only wanted an alert if a single person sent something to me - not inane group chatter ! )
i disabled the notifications for whatsapp by going to the application manager for the phone .
you can disable whatsapp notifications in status bar and notification menu by doing the followings . open whatsapp . goto Settings => Notifications under notifications , choose notification tone : silent vibrate : off popup notification : no popup light : none
while not 100% the desired solution ( i do not know if there is any way to force android playing sounds to a specific output device ) , as a work-around it is possible to silence undesired sources . background as you mioght have noticed , android has multiple " channels " for different kind of sounds , where you can adjust volume independently -- such as alarms , notifications , ringer tone , etc . so this can be used in the way of turning down unwanted types to zero , while keeping the once you want turned up . of course , doing so manually can be a hazzle ( and one might forget to reverse changes afterwards , especially when in a hurry ) . so let 's look for an . . . automation there are several " automation apps " on the playstore which might handle this , such as llama - location profiles or tasker . using the latter , i can for sure say it can handle this in the following way : condition : app running ( select apps you want to match ) task : ( volume adjust : chose which ones you want to change to zero here , but keep media volume on ) what will happen now ? once an app from your selection comes to foreground , the rule will match and the volumes will be adjusted accordingly . as soon as none of the apps you chose is running in foreground any longer , volume settings are reverted to what they have been before .
i have my own galaxy s3 and i found that this solution worked great for me : go to your gs3’s dialer and dial *#0011# now you have to hit the left menu button when you see the “service mode” screen choose wifi turn off the “wifi power save mode” button if its on now exit this menu . turn off and turn on your wifi . re-enter the network info if you have already entered it before .
the now ( almost ) obsolete launcherpro supports this feature .
i do not have google+ installed and i reverified my password via the web and i still could not get logged in to my phone . i ended up disabling two step verification and i was able to login to my phone after that . i just remembered when i first enabled two step verification i started getting sign on errors when i used voice search .
i had exactly the same thing happen for the ' play store ' on an android phone - it would just not accept the correct password ! the method that worked for us was to use a computer , access that google account and disable 2-step verification altogether . after logging into google , navigate to https://www.google.com/settings/ -> security -> 2-step verification -> edit -> change that to off .
instead , i opened up the security option of my gmail account in web . i created a new system-specific password and entered the same . it worked , and i did not even have to reboot .
i resolved this by signing out of google+ and then signing back in . this worked on a stock droid x with gingerbread .
same thing happened since yesterday . it started just after updating the new g+ apps . i thought it was due to my fiddling with 2-step authentication setup , but nope , that was not it . tried reset/reinstall everything . also tried changing new password . same thing happened again after installing with the new g+ . i just turned off background sync for g+ ( and leave other google apps as-is ) , and it seems did the trick to stop the error popping up . this is not exactly an answer , but simply a temporary workaround until google comes up with update to fix .
here is the solution : login into gmail , locate account under the sign-out name . this takes you to my account where you click on security . here you find a section for application-specific passwords at the end of the webpage . the issue is explained that : some applications that work outside a browser are not yet compatible with 2-step verification and cannot ask for verification codes , for example : Email programs including Outlook, Apple Mail, or Thunderbird Older Android smartphones  the root-cause of this problem is that you probably turned on the 2-steps verification without noticing this . so all you have to do is to generate your application specific password and that is it !
i had the same problem . my solution was to uninstall and reinstall google+ and everything worked fine after that .
this just happened to me as well . i had to change my account password via the website , and then my device accepted the new password . it only happened with the account i use for google+ , so i think your guess is correct .
the problem is due to 2 factor authentication . go to your google account on a pc and generate a new application specific password ( asp ) ( hold off on clicking the button ) . enter that into your phone when it asks for a password for google sign-in . if it does not work the first time , reboot everything and do it again ( remember to hold off on the button until you have entered the 16 character asp into your phone ) .
i had a similar problem trying to sign in play store was not authenticating my credentials even though they are correct . i turned off the 2-step verification using the web and worked later on .
that is normal . the htc stock recovery behaves like that . it is different from a custom recovery , you can not do anything with it . the stock recovery does only install the otas you receive officially . no need to worry about it .
if your previous device was setup to backup your personal data such as wifi passwords , browser bookmarks , user dictionary , a list of installed market applications and other customized settings , all is backed up to google 's servers . the automatic restore feature must be enabled to allow your phone to contact google 's servers an retrieve the previous backup data . so , carefully , access the settings panel by : stating at your home screen , select apps ; select settings ; go to personal section , select backup and reset ; from the backup and restore section configure what you need : ensure the appropriate account is selected from the backup account field before attempting any configuration settings . some important considerations : a setting is enabled when a check mark is present . if data back up is disabled , existing backups are deleted from google 's servers . useful and related reading : backup and restore service : android google backup and restore options - galaxy nexus by samsung
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
i have found a slightly modified , adapted version on google play that works well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.concentriclivers.calendar
at last i found the answer to the dumb issue i have had , whereby the wifi scan " hangs " and never sees local wifi . set wifi on during sleeps - always , best wifi - off and auto-disconnect - off . think it is the last setting which cleared my issue .
as described above , the freezing does not occure during the first connection after reboot . therefore , i was able to open the advanced settings in the wifi menu after a reboot . there , i changed following settings : keep wifi on during sleep -> always best wifi performance -> off auto-disconnect -> off since then , the problem has not appeared . the phone was on a mobile network many times ( when i was outside of reach ) , and it logs on without problems when i return to the reach of a known network . no freezing any more . i do not know which one of the three settings changed anything , because i did not try any combinations . i am just happy that the problem disappeared after weeks of slow mobile internet only .
i am using the same version of the os on my htc one x and i have never had this problem before . so i am thinking this is maybe a problem concerning the hardware of your phone . maybe you should contact htc for this problem . they can probably help you some more . but you could always try to do a hard factory reset ( this is something which htc support will ask to do too ) . because an update does not really reset anything . a factory reset should reset all settings , this to make sure it is not a problem of your settings . before you do a factory reset , make sure you have a backup of everything .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
currently there is no avahi daemon on android and open ticket #354 at avahi tracker , where there are attached patches , needs to be addressed to make a build for android possible . you can try to build it manually , if really needed .
looks like you are not the only one with this problem . a simple reboot seems to be working for most people , with some having to do a factory reset . if you have to do that , do not forget to use an app such as titanium backup to back up your apps first .
i would seriously consider rooting and installing a custom rom . i have installed custom roms which gave me the sod issue - my point is that i believe sod is in fact tied to what rom ( whether stock or custom ) you are running . this question details various things on rooting . for specific directions on rooting and custom rom for your phone model , you will have to do a search here for that or on google .
to add to the answer above : titanium backup from play store you can install this , and it will have root > ok "-> tap for more information &lt ; - . " once you click on this it will display whether your root is correct and your current busybox version . alternatively , using terminal commands like in the accepted answer , you may need to enter the superuser command first with " su " in the terminal emulator of your choice . the prompt will change to a # sign to show you are now in superuser . the alternative sudo , will give superuser on a command by command basis , e.g. sudo busybox . as with the op , sometimes reflashing the rom is the easiest or you can use the busy box installer from play store . ( i have not tried this personally )
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
have you tried any of the work-arounds mentioned here disable opengles emulation support by renaming \tools\lib\libopenglrender . dll to libopenglrender . dll . disabled . or , reduce the amount of memory used by the emulator . try 900mb , if that does not work , try 800mb , if that does not work , try 700mb , you get the idea . manually set the resolution of your avd instead of choosing a template like wx800 or wx720
the error you have included indicates that the graphics driver on your desktop machine does not support the gl extensions that the emulator needs . turn off use host gpu in the avd settings . without using the host gpu , the emulator will run very slowly , especially if the app you are using is graphics-heavy . the emulator will take several minutes to start android . you may wish to consider upgrading the graphics card in your computer , to allow it to take advantage of this feature .
i had the same problem , tried cleaning cache and data with no result . so i went in settings > applications > manage apps > all , picked the download manager and " uninstalled the updates " . it told me the app would reset to factory settings , and when i started the phone again , it was running marketplace 3.4.4 and i managed to update and install apps normally after that . disclaimer : i only tried that because i planed to do a factory reset if i broke everything . i do not guarantee the results .
android is a linux too , so a simple example : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings &amp; 
please do not use the visionary method . you may brick your phones . if you are currently on gingerbread then use this guide by setherio to downgrade to froyo after which the phone can be rooted . you may also use the pdf available in the above link to do the same along with rooting your device . if you already happen to be on froyo with software version 1.3x then you can use the pdf to root your phone .
a quick google search returns these two methods . i would recommend the manual method . it is more complicated , but gives you a " better " root ( s-off , sim-unlock , supercid ) .
it does not make the app use external storage . the built-in move to sd functionality only moves the application package file itself to the external storage . if you want the app to not use the internal storage you will need to root ( and possibly install a custom rom . ) depending on your rom you will have several options to do what you want but virtually all of them require you to partition your sdcard in a special way ( usually the custom recovery can handle this . )
an option for you might be the silent mode widget . it puts a widget on your homescreen to silence / restore your volume settings with a single tap . ( i have not tried this app . there also appear to be several other similar apps that you might try instead . )
there are several ways to get your volume levels back . personally i like to use the ifttt app to set my ringer volume to maximum when i connect to my home wifi . ( recipe ) if you want to fix your volume at a specific time , say , you can create a new recipe using the date and time channel .
it is possible , there are apps available that are designed for enterprise use such as surelock and mobicontrol ( go to device lockdown policy on this page ) that will restrict users to allowed applications only .
yes , these apps are called " device administrators " . you use the device administration api to write device admin applications that users install on their devices . the device admin application enforces the desired policies . a system administrator writes a device admin application that enforces remote/local device security policies . these policies could be hard-coded into the app , or the application could dynamically fetch policies from a third-party server .
youmail and pf voicemail+ are the two apps that come close to your requirement . please try . youmail has lot of options and features . there is one more " hullomail smart voicemail " . after going through many posts , youmail has been voted highly by users . pf voicemail + offers you transcripts of those voicemail but you have to check if there are any charges . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.youmail.android.vvm https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hullomail.messaging.android please note that some of these apps will require you to do the forwarding to their servers . it also depends on where you are located and mobile you are using . can you mention what type of mobile you are using ? it will help in knowing whether there are any limitations involved .
try if any of these apps work for you . it would depend on your phone , as android has limited support for total offline answering machine capabilities due to technical barriers . see this thread on xda . if your phone is not compatible , you might have the following issues : not be able to record calls record the conversation at only one end very low sound quality or volume google voice does not depend on your voicemail . the calls are recorded on google voice 's servers .
android_id is stored in the settings database and will be deleted by a factory reset . as far as i know most apps are tied to your google account and not to your android_id . ( although i know at least one app which tied to your android_id )
yes . f-secure freedome ( a vpn client ) is running on my note 2 . i have note 2 tethered to an ubuntu machine and an android tablet . my tablet and laptop post a germany ip address , while i am on the other side of the ocean . make sure that your data plan allows tethering . make sure that you are on the cell network . however , usb tether to wifi vpn on the phone works a bit better . i keep my connection dropped when going all over over the air . depending on your flavor of android your mileage may vary note 2 and the tablet are running 4.4 ( cm 11 nightlies ) , ubuntu is on 14.04 .
unfortunately the stock android tethering application does not work with vpns . this limitation is an oversight in the software and not a system limitation . however there is an application called clockworkmod tether that will allow you to tether and use a vpn at the same time . in fact it makes use of the standard tethering application and then fixes up the routing information to make it work . this application does not require you to root your phone but you do need to run software on the computer that you wish to connect to your phone . also this only works for usb tethering at the moment . there are other alternatives to clockworkmod tether , if you wish to try them , including pdanet . hope it could help
i just had the same problem today . i went through all the steps you did as well , but eventually , had to resort to the factory reset to get it to stop forcing the airplane mode on me . hope someone can figure this out so i dont have to keep factory resetting should it happen again .
i had the exact same problem since yesterday , but my mobile is galaxy s2 , this post was the solution : http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 i am not sure if it will work on galaxy s , but would not harm to give it a try the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
i figured out you can not have your screen lock security as a pattern . it can only be swiped to change the clock .
you can customize these clock and date styles only if the screen lock is Swipe . even you can choose between Analog and Digital clocks and much more . if screen lock option is Pattern/Password , this clock/date styles can not be changed .
it was eventually fixed by stopping the downloads app in settings - app - all . i did a force stop on the downloads app , and then rebooted and it was fine . go to settings - app - all go to the ' downloads ' app click ' force stop ' clear cache if button is highlighted , other wise leave it reboot device
try force stopping the play store application from the settings menu and see if that removes it . facebook photo upload often gets stuck in my notification bar and force stopping removes that .
try clearing the app data and clearing the cache . to do this , go to the app view , open the menu , " manage apps " , choose " apollo " , " clear data " , and " clear cache " . this method worked for me .
apollo could be running a background service . the crash might be happening because of some broken code . this can be fixed with a fresh install try the links here : apollo
here 's an option to try : go to settings> sound> battery full notification . un-check this option and see if that fixes the issue the next time you charge your note .
install the xposed module and go into the download section . there is a module called " disable battery full alert " . try installing that module , then reboot your phone . see if it works .
if it is not the overlapping wifi channels : a normal nandroid does include /system and /data , but i think you can just flash them separately . what you are referring as " firmware " is probably the /system partition . if you guys are using the twrp recovery , you should be able to add his entire twrp-created recovery onto your device , boot into twrp and start a restore , but simply uncheck all partitions except /system . i would make a nandroid backup before attempting this , as it should work , but i am not certain . if you guys are not using twrp , it is possible manually via a straight adb dd copy ( but . . . it is not perfect ) : http://www.modaco.com/topic/327661-how-to-backup-the-systemimg-bootimg-and-recoveryimg/ basically , as that thread states , on his device , use adb dd to copy a system . img from his phone onto his /sdcard . then , on your device , use adb dd to paste that system . img onto your phone . things that need answering : what partition block is /system on ( mtdxx ) and whether the pull will actually create a full system . img ( they note that this method does not always copy all of the /system partition ) .
go to link provided below . it discribes how to update galaxy nexus via ota ( over the air ) . instructions
my further investigation indicates that the nexus 4 toolkit is not the best one to use - in fact it does not seem to work at all with 4.2.2 . instead , the nexus root toolkit seems to work well with 4.2.2 and is basically a one-click installer . download from the linked page and run it ; it will do the rest by itself and/or give you simple instructions when needed . update : i have just completed the rooting process with this tool . worked well and was simple enough . note that after completing the process , i had to download and install the Superuser app from the play store - this step was not completely evident , but simple to do .
i do not really know what caused this problem . i had to unlock the bootloader and sideload with adb . this involved completely wiping my tablet . here are instructions . now my tablet updates just fine .
q- what is an assert script ? a- all it does is check to make sure you are flashing the rom on the correct device . how to fix android custom rom status 7 installation abort assert failed error in recovery easily [ ultimate guide ] : http://mobotechie.com/tips-tricks/how-to-fix-android-custom-rom-status-7-installation-abort-assert-failed-error-in-recovery-easily-ultimate-guide assert failed [ solved ] : http://forums.androidcentral.com/optimus-v-rooting-roms-hacks/182438-solved-assert-failed.html thanks for those cool guys , and good luck .
i think you should try dropbox / google drive . it will be more flexible than running a separate server on your phone . you will be able to access you file from the cloud at any moment even if you do not have access to your cell or the battery is dead .
go to settings-> about phone -> status and scroll to bottom and you will be able to see uptime . i think this feature is available on android 4+
try typing this code in your dialer : ##786# or *#*#786#*#* if that does not work , install " launcher pro " . that app can show you hidden menus of your phone , which are the same menus that those two dialer codes should bring up .
click gallery > click any folder , e.g. camera > click any photo now the photo is shown full screen . click slideshow in the left-down of screen . ( it may be hidden . touch the screen to let it show . ) ( after a while ) touch the screen to stop rolling .
these steps were using an htc evo with htc sense - your menu options may be different but should be similar . there should be a " format sd card " in the phone " settings " . open " settings " , then go to " sd and phone storage " , then you should see " format sd card " . if the option is grayed out then you may need to unmount your sd card first and then format the card . make sure you have backed up anything you want to save with a backup app or just by copying whatever files off your card onto a computer because this will erase everything on the card . hope this helps
go to settings -> storage -> erase sd card .
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
try this headset : http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00001p4xh/?tag=stackoverfl08-20 or try this application http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=opotech.finevolumev2
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
this answer was suggested as an edit by an anonymous user , but should stand on its own . first you have to locate the droidvncserver executable file on your device . on a nexus s it is in this directory : /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files  then you have to set the execution right on the executable file ( it is a unix subutility ) from pc using adb . exe . in a command line window ( from the appropriate android sdk folder ) you can type : adb.exe shell chmod 766 /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  ( this has to be to done only once , for further detail on chmod command type man chmod in google ) then you will be able to launch vnc server directly from your pc using adb . exe : adb.exe shell /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  additionnaly to connect your vncviewer using the usb cable type in another command line window : adb.exe forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 
use adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.Main -n org.onaips.vnc/.MainActivity outside the shell , and the vnc server will start .
adb shell cd /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files chmod 766 androidvncserver androidvncserver 
Unknown Sources simply means applications that are not downloaded from the google play store . even if you put your applications on amazon app store or other alternative stores , your users will have to enable Unknown Sources . you can not change this behaviour , except maybe by modifying android 's sources , but i am sure you do not want to .
Settings -&gt; Sync -&gt; Google : untick gmail . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Gmail : clear data , uninstall updates , disable .
solved ! found the solution in lenovo 's forum , a1 and a1107 unbrick fix/full factory restore : there have been several instances of people having problems with a1 and a1107 devices . this guide explains how to fix any software issue , including those that " brick " the device , or stop it booting up at all , by restoring the tablet to a completely stock factory state . it can also be used to safely upgrade a gingerbread a1 to ice cream sandwich , by using the a1107 image that corresponds to the storage space that your device has .
after some months of additional observation , i am pretty certain that the accounts disappear when the free internal space gets low , usually when i am down to 12 mb or so . presumably , android tries to free up some internal space occupied by app data , and the accounts seem to be the first to go . due to the low internal storage , i have moved all apps to the external storage , so this might as well be a factor , as izzy mentions in the comments .
it looks like having the screen turn on when sms messages arrive is a stock feature of the samsung galaxy s4 on verzion ( possibly applies to other models and carriers as well ) . i saw threads here and here discussing the problem . there is no setting to disable only the screen turning on . the workaround that i ended up using is as follows : 1 ) disable notification in the stock app : go to settings and scroll down to notification settings and unselect " notifications " . 2 ) install sms popup . 3 ) enable sms popup . then go to addition settings and disable " screen on for popup " . maybe someday samsung/verizon will fix the problem , but for now this workaround seems to work for me .
is there no way he can access the whatsapp group maybe over wi-fi , and then promoting you to the group administrator ?
your friend need to change the whatsapp number first . whatsapp -> settings-> account-> change number . . . and follow instructions . next step add the one who needs to be the admin to the group ( here you ) ( skip this as you are already in the group ) . remove all others except you and the present admin ( your friend ) from the group . now your friend ( present admin ) needs to ' delete and exit ' the group . now the one who is left will become admin . add all your friends back to group . voila :- ) source
looks to be bad recognition by google 's code . :-/ happens on mine as well and no setting can change it . google is surprisingly receptive to feedback on its apps ( a bug fix i reported made it into google music 's update ! ) , so two ways to get this fixed : go to keep 's page and click " email developer " and write this up . or , within keep , menu -> send feedback .
no need for a factory reset , friend . all you have to do is go to settings> application manager> all> download manager> clear cache and clear data . go to google play> clear cache> clear data and then go to google play services> clear cache> cleardata . restart the phone and it will be alright .
go to settings > wireless and networks and uncheck aeroplane mode from there . if that does not work , remove the battery and sim card , wait 1 minute and re-insert sim + battery and restart .
the verizon gnex has nfc , it just does not have google wallet pre-installed . it is pretty trivial to sideload it , though , and it is worked just fine the 2 times i used it . another thing to note here is that the nfc antenna is actually on the battery , not in the device itself . this means that if you get an extended battery you need to make sure it has an nfc antenna in it as well , otherwise it will not work . the t-mobile usa and sprint versions have not actually been released yet , so i guess there is no guarantee on those at this point . sprint supported nfc and google wallet for the nexus s 4g , though , so i can not imagine they had stiff the gnex . for t-mobile you could just get the existing gsm version and it should work fine since it is pentaband hspa+ ( it should work on at and t for the same reason , though you would not get their lte service ) .
it is because there is a threshold beyond which it starts deleting old messages . go into messaging , hit the menu button and go to settings . the first option is Delete old messages ( checked by default ) , and the next is Text message limit ( set to 200 by default ) . so you have just hit that threshold and it is deleting your old messages .
i had the same question , and found this app : battery changer . a couple of problems ( that i can overlook ) are : it does not show while the phone is locked it does not hide when another app is in full-screen mode
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you would need a custom rom to change the battery in the notification bar . that information , iirc , is in android . jar and the images are in framework-res . apk . cyanogenmod , for example , lets you remove the battery image for just the % of the battery remaining . the " other methods " are just " hacks " that change the image at every percentage level , and there has to be an image for each level . so it would need ~120 images ( to include the charging states ) . from the look of the picture you posted , you are already running a rom that has a battery mod . you would just now need to create the images you want , and modify the framework-res . apk with the new images . you may also want to go back through your older questions and mark them as answered . 25% accept rate will turn people away from even answering your question .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
conclusion first : it does not really matter as this operation needs almost no power anyway for both ways . changing the volume alone has only a minimal affect on the battery given the screen stays off . reason : if you listen to music there is already some processing going on and increasing/decreasing volume levels has a very low processing demand ( almost none ) . it is more of a side-note event for android . the volume buttons on the side of your device trigger some event and so do the buttons attached to the string of your headset . i would say it is equal or at least very close to equal . you can have a look over at george smart 's htc headphone analysis and see that the l channel is not shorted against the common ground . instead some coded resistor values is used to pull the common control line ( also used for the microphone ) which probably has a high impedance .
accounts and data are not removed if you switch the sim . for obvious reasons : travelling abroad when you do not want to roam , or getting a new phone/data plan from a different carrier , etc . you could guess how mad people would get if their device got wiped by a sim switch . you are not safe , unless you also have set up a screen lock ( or full device encryption ) . all common smartphones act similar here ( windows phone/ios/android ) : if the sim is locked with a pin , it must be re-unlocked each boot if it is present if the device has a screen lock , it must be unlocked each boot and if you switch on the screen i.e. , a sim lock is only bound to your specific sim and it only prevents misuse of your number and phone/data plan , not the device and its data stored within . as soon as the sim is replaced or removed , one does not need the sim-pin to to access the phone . only a screen lock pin ( or password , unlock gesture or full device encryption ) will do .
wifi hardware was faulty . ( this is a common issue ) the wifi chip set no more working . so the whole motherboard should be changed . costs nearly 5000inr ( 80$ ) .
i recently ran into the same issue . after connecting to exchange 2010 i was not able to reset back to a swipe unlock . . . even after removing the exchange account and clearing the credentials . turns out that the policy of this exchange connection required that you have high unlock security of a 6 character password including at least 1 digit and it encrypts your sd card ( among other security features ) . i was not able to change back to the swipe unlock because the sd card was encrypted . at the time i had a 4 digit pin ( medium/high ) as the security to unlock my phone , however the security was set to password ( high ) . therefore i was able to get into my phone with the pin , but not able to get to the options to decrypt the sd card . to resolve the issue and decrypt the sd card i had to go through the password security setup and create a password . after i created the password i was then able to get to the properties of " encrypt external sd card " and uncheck the option to encrypt the sd card . once the encryption was removed from the sd card i was able to change the unlock back to swipe .
have you got vpn set up ? - it requires it . i had vpn set up then decided i did not it so after i removed the vpn ( settings > other > vpn > long press > delete ) the ' none ' option for removing pin/password got enabled again
as a last ditch effort , you could try this : use titanium backup to backup all your apps + data . reset the phone to factory defaults . restore all apps and data except for activesync . this will definitely fix your issues . question is , " is it worth the effort ? "
on a galaxy s4 i had the exact same issue . corporate exchange policies grayed out all locks screen choices except password and pin . " clear credentials " was grayed out . after removing the exchange account all options were still grayed out . i had to go through the password security setup wizard to create a device password . i then had to go into " encrypt external sd card " , even though i had no external sd card inserted , and turn that off . i could then , finally , change my screen lock types ( i chose pattern lock ) . took an hour of sleuthing , but this thread finally gave me the clues needed . thanks all .
had issue that " none " , " slide " and " face unlock " were all greyed out . went to security-> clear credentials and all options became available .
this is already answered , but here is an alternative that does not require you to remove whatever credential/configuration caused this in the the first place . after all , you needed the credential/configuration once and you will probably need it again . this is probably caused by some configuration that installed a certificate on your device ( such as a vpn profile , an exchange account , or secure wifi network ) . it could also could be caused by an app that has administrator privileges . here 's the loophole : only the graphic interface for selecting these options is disabled . i was able to get around this using third-party apps . i used tasker in combination with the free version of secure settings . in tasker . . . new task -> add action -> plugin -> secure settings -> edit . . . then choose your options . to make it take effect immediately , just press ' run ' when you get back to the task edit screen ( looks like a ' play ' button ) . please note : this requires your phone to be rooted . encrypting your phone or sd card disables less secure lock options . i am unsure what effect the method described herein will have in those cases . this method retains the configuration needed access the culprit account/service , but circumvents its security requirements . to use someone else words : there is a specific reason why an administrator configures such a policy , and i would recommend it to everyone . if your phone gets stolen nobody will be able to read your company 's email , which is a secret . lots of industrial accidents occurred because employees lost their mobile devices ( laptops included ) with sensitive data not protected enough . i suggest associating the tasker task with a tasker profile that is only activated in certain situations ( for instance , when you are at home ) .
okay , stab in the dark , but try this : from the home screen , press menu -&gt;Settings-&gt;Location &amp; Security-&gt;Select Device Administrators and look for something related to the exchange account , most likely Corporate Sync . you should be able to change settings/disable it from there . i have never used an exchange account , so i can not test this :/ but it looks from reading around ( here ) that this may be your problem , otherwise it may be forced exchange settings as described on this technet forum . let us know if this works , or points you in a new direction !
you can read from the whatsapp faq : what does " last seen at . . . " and " online " mean exactly ? " online " means that contact has whatsapp open and is connected to the internet . however , it does not necessarily mean they have read your chat . that clearly stats that a contact with " online " status just needs to have the app opened within an active internet connection .
enable airplane mode . wifi will work in this state .
since this app is a google native app which handles its own updates by itself , maybe the update went wrong . at the moment you could clear its cache , data ( you will have to reenter the credentials later again and configure the playstore including notifications and update handling ) , or uninstall the updates , so it will go to the initial version ( can be done by going in settings -> applications -> all -> google play store ) . it should update later automatically . in case you have a rooted phone , make sure you have not done any changes in the system lately , or other apps are not interfering ( any " freezers " , " killers " , or similar ones ) . also , check if you have not forbidden mobile network access ( settings -> data usage , there you can click each app and check/uncheck " restrict background data" ) , but even if this was checked , it should work on wifi .
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
it is possible to recover your contacts from your old galaxy s2 if the contacts are not overwritten by new files . a fact is that , the deleted files in your phone are still in your phone but hidden and inaccessible to you . that is why you cannot see them . to recover them , you need to use an android data recovery to enter the file system to extract the contacts . in the market there are many such software , try them , your contact may be back .
rooting android saves up to 25% of battery compared to factory state . i would suggest you use kingo android root and framaroot .
if you choose to root your phone , there are several options as far as installing custom roms and/or custom kernels . some of these allow you change the clock speed of your processor , the governor controlling the processor , and so on , which can all positively ( or negatively ) affect battery life . if you are already rooted , rom toolbox gives some nice options as far as system manipulation that can help with battery life . juice defender ultimate also has some pretty cool options if you are root .
the only way rooting can gain you battery time is if you can uninstall an app that is using a lot of power , and which you can not uninstall without rooting ( i.e. . it is something that shipped with the device ) . i do not know what is on your device , but judging from what i have seen on my droid 3 , there is not likely to be any noticeable change in battery life . on the plus side , if you root the device , you will have the option to get rid of any junk that was pre-installed and thereby not have to see all the update notices for stuff that you will never use and which wants more and more permissions with every update .
i have been trying to retrieve the wallpaper as well but found it too difficult . so to solve this i have create the app " wallpaper saver " . it automatically saves your wallpapers and makes it easy to restore an old wallpaper again . it also supports live wallpapers . it is free to use . you can download it from play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree
the wallpaper was in data/data/com.android.settings/files/  on previous versions of android . however it appears that it was moved as part of the multi-user preparations . the current location is data/system/users/0/  the file is conveniently called wallpaper and it is a png file .
for terminal , you can use android terminal emulator ( ate ) . assuming you have copied something to the clipboard , you can long-press in the ate , and you will see a Paste command . there is also a Select text command .
best variant , combining most of your wishes : foldersync . i am using it myself ( pro version after having tested it one day ) , and i am very fond of it . you can setup multiple folder pairs ( which folder on your device should be synchronized with which folder on the " other end" ) for multiple " accounts " , where an " account " simply identifies " the other end " . that can be a cloud service such as dropbox , but as well your windows pc via samba ( windows share ) , or your linux machine via sftp ( ssh ) , some ftp server , . . . foldersync supports a lot of protocols . moreover , the full version has support for tasker , giving you a load of options for when to sync . i use it e.g. to sync my backups : " when charging , and it is 4am , ( optionally more conditions ) , then call the task named ' syncbackups'" ( the latter then tells foldersync to sync multiple backup locations with my linux machine ) . well , if you do not have tasker : foldersync also has a time-based scheduler included . remark : my suggestion lacks the " remote management " on your pc . i am not aware of any all-in solution here , especially for " offline queuing " . when you are at your pc , that is not a big deal : simply copy the files to your sync location on the pc 's end . for other cases , i might be able to add some " online management " using your data connection ( or wifi hotspot ) , depending on the os your pc is running .
your best be to view images on google glass would be to use the ' mirror-api ' methods to create an application that you can run on google glass .
on an android device , the internal storage is split into multiple partitions . the data from the custom rom is stored on one partition , and the apps and user data on another . ( generally there are a few other partitions as well . ) because of this , installing a smaller custom rom does not directly give you more free space for data , because they are on a different partition . but if you can make a smaller custom rom , it allows you to repartition the storage to allocate more space to user data . repartitioning the storage is quite risky , as you have to know exactly how large the custom rom is going to be . if the system partition is too small for the rom , it will go wrong when or after you install it . i believe it is more common to simply add some useful apps to the custom rom , to make it up to a similar size as the stock rom . this way , you can avoid installing some large apps in the userdata partition , giving you more space without repartitioning . since updates to pre-installed apps get installed in the userdata partition , not the system partition , even including up-to-date versions of those apps in the custom rom saves space .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
i found simple and easy solution . make a html page any where . &lt;meta http-equiv="REFRESH" content="0; URL=market://details?id=package_name" /&gt; open browser and type this html url you will see your app in play market app
first off , the user can actually install the app from the market . he just can not do it directly but only make google remote-install the app via the website , as he would do if he browsed the market on his pc . second , what browser are you testing this with ? opera is not well integrated into android and will not open play urls in the app . in fact i am not sure even the native browser will . maybe you should just use market:// links instead of http://links .
i am using the code below and it is working fine with my phone and emulator . for the phone with google play app , it will automatically open the app . for the emulator ( without google play app ) , it will automatically open the browser .
settings > applications > all ( top tab ) click menu button > reset app preferences source : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt_alkha_-s
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
root your phone and use titanum backup app .
just a guess here , but the samsung s-view flip cover knows when the cover is attached and runs only the part of the screen that is veiwable in the small window . maybe it is the same for the nexus .
as you have found out , a hall sensor detects a magnetic field . it could be that in this case it is referring to a sensor for a magnetic cover , like those in the nexus 7 and nexus 10 . such sensors detect the proximity of a magnet embedded in the cover or case for the device , in order to automatically turn the screen off when the cover is closed . that would be unusual , as that kind of magnetic switch is usually a simple reed switch , which would not normally be described as a hall effect sensor . a hall sensor would give more data about the strength of the magnetic field , which could be used by software to detect the opening or closing of the case more reliably . however , i have not seen any claim that the nexus 5 has such a switch anyway , which is much less common on phones than tablets . another ( just as far-fetched ) guess is that it is related to the wireless charging capability . it could be that the hall sensor is specifically there to locate the wireless charging point in relation to the phone 's position .
just use vroot n your done n will be rooted 4.2.2 hp slate 21
first ativate usb debugging , use an app for this or tap 7 times in the option menue tablet . use the side usb port . for pc . . . edit the usb fingerprint for drivers . . . goto the hp help forum and questions . . howto adb with slate 21 . use pc , mac want work until new kernel update like linux the driver is in kernel 3.9 . adept the driver handish in device manager . . . auto install dont work . also you need the other stuff from sdk , the new adb tools . this one is to new . . so no driver and unsupported by hp .
give cydia impactor a try - it works on the tnote 7 and hp slate 8 .
i am using a to a usb cable that works . adb works and flash boot there is a adb fingerprint for drivers at hp3 forum . unlocking boot loader also no problem . root do not work with the normal stuff , and the chinese program 's also failed . wait for a tegra4 like version hope will come soon , think its hacked until christmas .
there are no apps appear to suit to your need . but you could use two separate apps to do what you need to do . use googles my tracks to record your location data automatically . this app , record data of where you are using gps coordinates . allows you to monitor your trip or the places of visits in 3d maps . promotes easy sharing of your data . use traffic counter to monitor your data usage . this app , records your data usage details real time offer some good in-app analysis tools can be used to monitor calls , smss , wifi , apps , etc . as well with the help of these two , you can achieve your objective . no need to ping a site !
my samsung galaxy s ii has proxy settings enabled under settings > wireless and network > wifi settings > advanced i can set a proxy address and a port number . the proxy i am sitting behind requires authentication tho and i am having trouble finding these settings .
to modify the proxy settings in android 4 and samsung galaxy you should do this : go to settings / wifi . long-click on your network and select modify network . scroll down to show advanced options which should show you the proxy options .
try proxy settings , a free app that reveals the proxy settings button available in most stock roms .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
install the avd and sdk manager - i am assuming you use c:\android_sdk edit c:\android_sdk\usb_driver\android_winusb . inf find the section [ google . ntx86 ] and add the following : <code> ; techpad %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 and mi_01 </code> find the section [ google . ntamd64 ] and add the following : edit . android\adb_usb . ini and add the following :  0x18D1  note : this corresponds to the device id up top plug device in - you should have an unknown device in the device manager . update the driver on it and manual select the location of c:\android_sdk\usb_driver . it should install the driver and show up as an adb device . run adb kill-server then adb devices remember to turn on usb debugging from the application settings as well
applications installed on sd card cannot run if you remove your sd card or you are turning on usb mass storage ( so it can be accessed from a computer ) . that is the only drawback i have been experiencing . i have actually seen performance improvement since moving to sd ; before i moved to sd i had exhausted the internal memory ( about a few kilobytes left ) and the phone lags quite badly . since moving to sd ( and therefore freeing some space in the internal memory ) , and the lag disappears .
taken straight from android developer site there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . the unique container in which your application is stored is encrypted with a randomly generated key that can be decrypted only by the device that originally installed it . thus , an application installed on an sd card works for only one device . the user can move your application to the internal storage through the system settings . also -> applications that should not install on external storage ( more details on android developer site ) services alarm services live wallpapers live folders app widgets account managers sync adapters device administrators broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed "
widgets will not work if they are on the sd card .
by default , items in folders are organized by the order they are added . if the absolute order is not important to you , but rather just having more used apps at the top , you can pull the less used apps out and then re-add them to the folder , which will place them at the bottom .
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
if your mobile is slow try to get a task killer from play store . it will kill apps that are open in your background and are not needed . ( addendum not needed ! - edit ) and to answer your last question i recently had to downgrade my xperia u from 4.0.4 to 2.3.7 . it is actually easier then it sounds , the process is the same when upgrading , you just have to download a few things ; d remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . note back up your phone via sony 's pc companion suite before proceeding follow the steps : get the following : flashtool , found on github your xperia firmware xperia u firmware 2.3.7: found on 4shared site ( put this one in a place that is " clean " best option desktop ) install flashtool go to your phone 's settings > developer options/usb debugging ( and check that option ) connect your phone to the pc ( usb ) before you continue go to the folder where you installed flashtool , open flashtool 's drivers folder and run the installer . ( flashtools\drivers ) in that installer select your phone and click next . warning : xperia u is next to xperia p it is not hard to find but you can easily miss it . after installing proceed to step 5 . open flashtools ( click yes if anything pops up , it could take a few second sto open ) click the thunder-like symbol select flashmode and click ok . ( not flashboot mode ! ) click the ( . . . ) in front of the first line of the windows that will pop up select the place where you saved file from the above step ii on . ( this could be a bit tricky if you can not find the place on that explorer copy/paste the file to the desktop to make it easier . the file will not appear in the window - do not worry it will detect it and load it automatically . ) make sure everything on the wipe area is checked and that on the exclude area nothing is checked . misc should be checked too ( this is to prevent errors during the downgrade ) follow the on-screen instructions . it will ask you to press a back button , on the xperia u it is the volume down button . for some reason you have to unplug the cable from the pc too . after you turn off the mobile plug back in the usb to the pc and then press and hold the volume down key on your phone ( keep it pressed and when you plug the usb back in the led 's will light up green . ) you can stop pressing the button when the process starts on flashtool 's window . wait until it is over , you can leave it . it should only take a few seconds your mobile will reboot when it is over . do not panic if you can not understand what it says the file your installing is from t-mobile 's hu region . after it starts and you enter your sim pin , it will take you again through the configuration . you will have some apps on your mobile from t-mobile , just uninstall them if you want . remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . hope i helped !
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
if you are rooted , simply remove gmail app using titanium backup ( free ) . or , better . . freeze gmail app using pro version of titanium backup . this way , you can always get back gmail easily in case you have changed your mind in future .
if you have root , you can delete the account database ( /data/system/accounts . db ) which will delete all accounts managed by system including google accounts and those ones registered by a third-party app ( facebook , twitter , skype , etc . ) . however , this method may cause the system to behave incorrectly sometimes . you also have to note you can not use stuff like the market without a google account .
to remove the account , i believe you can hit ' remove account ' at the bottom after selecting the account to act upon in accounts/sync settings . de-selecting gmail just means that it does not get auto-synchronized but is still affected by a ' sync all ' operation .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts . click on your gmail account for sync on / off . it will take you to the sync settings in emulator . then , click account settings , it wil show your mail again . now , click on your gmail account . it shows all your account details . on dragging down , you will see remove your account button . click it ; you will be safe now .
access " system settings " by touching soft key lower left on phone ( 3 horizontal lines ) . under Accounts , touch " google " this will bring up your google/gmail accounts . click the account you wish to delete . touch the soft key again ( 3 horizontal lines ) this will open a window with two choices , click " remove account "
go to settings-> accounts and sync and touch your gmail account . it will show you options of what you can sync ( books , calendar , contacts , gmail , music ) . touch the gmail one and it will not sync your gmail account with that device .
most modern smartphones produce a lot of heat when playing cpu/gpu intensive games , there is not much you can do about it . if you reduce gpu frequency , two things can happen : stuttering of gameplay ( depending on your game ) , and the cpu/gpu run at maximum frequency for longer amounts of time to complete the same work ( that a higher frequency gpu would have done in shorter time ) . that may negate much of the heat reduction you are trying to achieve . my 2 cents is to leave the settings at stock . ( for more details , read http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=34153152postcount=15576 by a chip designer who worked with nvidia , ti etc ) . if you are still keen on underclocking , http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1827635 suggests that gpu over/underclocking is possible with setcpu app . that link is for galaxy s3 , but it should work for your phone too if your kernel supports it ( you might have to flash a custom kernel to control the gpu ) .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
use the pre-installed app that was installed in your system . the gmail shown in your android device is much more different than the one on pc . i suggest using/updating the gmail app better than the browser : )
i think the website seems to be very heavy for your smartphone 's default web browser , why do not you use other third party browsers ? you may try dolphin browser or uc browser they works fine .
another option is isyncr . it will download your podcasts over usb/wifi/mac/pc . i have also added some specific podcast features like bookmark syncing , which work in combination with my other app , rocket player , so that you can listen to half a podcast on your computer and the other half while you are on the road . just a note from the developer .
manual alternative if you are on a computer and you do not even have itunes installed , you can find web page of that podcast on itunes site example : http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/tiesto-s-club-life-podcast/id251507798 then you can view source of the page and locate links to actual files - mp3 or m4a . you can download the files saving either directly to a connected phone or transfer later in bulks .
fairly new app called " itunes podcast player " is able to search and play podcasts directly from itunes . seems to work really well , at least for me .
if you do not want to be shackled to itunes for downloading/syncing the actual episodes , you can right-click the podcast in itunes , and select copy podcast url . it will copy the url to the podcast feed to your clipboard . use this url on your android device to subscribe to the podcast there .
you could always just get an iphone ; -p seriously though , i would contact the provider of the podcast . many times they can make available the rss feed , which many apps on google play can translate into a usable podcast . if they do not provide access this way , then unfortunately you are stuck unless someone engineers a way to access itunes podcasts .
i have faced the same problem and i found this software : http://doubletwist.com/ basically what it does is read you itunes library and coping what you want to the device your want , it is just great and you can set the configs to you needs . it has an android client and a pc client . hope you will find it useful .
google play music manager can synchronize with itunes , including podcasts .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
when using the s-pen your touch is a bit more accurate , if you use a app like " papyrus " where you can write on a " virtual " sheet of paper you will see that a pen is much more accurate . but in normal terms if you dont need to be that accurate your finger is enough . the pen is nothing more than a piece of hardware having a organic material on it is top . that the galaxy tab can recognize .
i am having the same issue and have yet to find an answer . have you been able to identify the problem ? i even tried to delete the hotmail account , with the intention of reinstalling it . however , i was given an error code and upon further digging , i was informed that i needed to reset the phone to factory defaults to get rid of the hotmail account !
at first i assumed you were using gmail but then you talk about signing into virgin media to view email so i am a little lost as to what you are trying to do . can you provide a little more detail ?
i was a having the same problem , look next to the charging port ( that would be to your right ) there a tiny hole clean it out it is blocked . i used a sewing needle to clean it out . after that people on the other side could hear me again . that hole used for talking .
if your home screen is dying like this , check your debug logs ( if you have adb installed ) . my guess ? you are running out of ram and android is killing the home screen process to get more ram . you might want to stop some services ( or root and remove stupid carrier bloatware ) . cyanogenmod and some other custom android builds will allow you to " lock " the application in ram , but honestly that can cause as many problems as it solves . on my older phones ( htc dream / htc magic ) the culprit at the time was k-9 mail .
the best i found was a factory reset . keyboard works now as expected again . bad part : backed up before with sony pc companion , restore failed . considering that backup / restore takes many hour a bad bad bad joke from sony .
this answer may help if you do not mind sending messages via the Contact app . i was able to go to my Contacts app , hit the Settings button , then go to More -&gt; Display options and check Only contacts with phone . from Contacts you can still search , and you can still access your recent contacts .
if you are creating a new message it might be easier to just go into the contacts/people app , set up your desired filtering there ( as others have already pointed out ) . then instead of going into the messaging/email/gmail app to send your message stay in the contacts/people app , find the person you want to send the message to and just press on the relevant contact detail ( eg phone number or email address ) to send to them . this should give you a much more manageable list .
it may depend on what phone you are using . for the htc evo ( and most likely any other htc phone with sense ) it seems you can not change the the list in " search people " but you can change the list in your " people " app . if this is what you want to do open the " people " app and you will see all your contacts . the open the menu and select " view " - here you can change some of the contacts that will be viewed in your " people " app . i tried changing my contacts list this way and then checked if the " people search " app would also remove the same contacts but it would seem it does not work that way . for example i added and removed twitter contacts but either way they still appeared in the " peaople search " list . hope this helps
many have tried . it is arguable whether anyone succeeded yet or not . the big ones are motorola 's motoblur , htc 's senseui , samsung 's touchwiz - they all try to bring together the disconnected social aspects of different applications such as e-mail , text messages , and various social networks . each does it differently , with varying degrees of success . unfortunately these are not stand-alone products . they usually come pre-installed with their respective manufacturers ' devices , and overhaul more than just social aspects . there are also 3rd-party apps and widgets that attempt to do this merge . one of the best that i have used is slidescreen . i did not like the fact that it replaces your launcher , but it sounds like exactly what you are looking for .
as much as i personally like swype , slideit or swiftkey ( or thumbkeyboard on my tab ) , no vk can ever come even close to replacing a real hardware keyboard . accuracy issues because of screen issues ( lack of true multitouch ) , poor prediction software ( especially on slower phones ) always make me spend more time correcting what i thought i typed than actually typing . unfortunately swapping the phone is usually not an option for most people . i did some googling i found a mini bluetooth keyboard with case that could potentially work for you .
i realise that this is not an answer to your hardware requirement , but are you sure you need new hardware ? i believe that the current guinness world record speed texting record holder used the swype keyboard on an android phone , so it is not exactly slow . swype is pre-installed on a number of android phones ( primarily samsung models ) but unfortunately is otherwise in a limited beta that you will need to register for . there are some similar soft keyboards like slideit that are available in the market
if you truly want to speed up the typing speed , there are certain factors you have to take in account : screen size touchscreen type ( number of simultaneously recognized distinctive touch points , latency , etc . ) os ( how fast can it recognize the touches , etc . ) underlying base hardware ( how fast can it run the os itself , and how fast can it process the raw touch information into usable digital data ) if you want to truly speed things up , you will have to get a new phone , preferably some flagship device ( these tend to have the latest , " most innovative " specs , including touchscreen , plus the latest os ) . i understand that you would rather not do this , but otherwise you cannot speed things up ( you could try replacing the touchscreen , its controller , etc . , but it is all risky , and software support would be lacking ) .
titanium backup pro can do that . [ ✔ ] restore individual apps+data from cwm backups ! similar question .
in addition to the well-known titanium backup app ( for which you must purchase the pro key to unlock the cwm/twrp nandroid backup support ) , there is another app now : nandroid manager , which according to its description can restore apps from nandroid backups even with the free version ( there is a pro key too , but it is required if you want to restore special data such as wi-fi access points , bluetooth data , user dictionary and browser data ) . however , i did not try using this app .
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
download google play store here [ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1996995 ] . install it from file manager by clicking apk file . convert to system app via titaniumbackup if you have already bought it as this feature is only available in pro version . or use this app [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmover ] which is free . you can also move to /system/app folder manually and then set the right permission [ and generate odex file ] but using app to convert app to system app is safer option .
if you have not given up on android apps yet , you can use titanium backup . it lets you search either by app name or package name .
the problem was , that i had the m7att version of cwm installed . must have misclicked when downloading . updated cwm to the generic m7 version and rom flashing works again .
i managed to download it from freakshare , i tried it again , and now it is downloading 252mb , so that is a good size
i recommend connectbot for ssh . my biggest issue with vim has always been getting the escape key to work . by default , i believe the escape key is the same as the back key in android . one answer i found on stackoverflow ( can not find the link ) is to map a key sequence to escape : :imap qq &lt;Esc&gt; " map qq to Escape while in insert mode  this should allow fairly normal vim usage on android . you can either enter it every time or add it to . vimrc . i got fed up with my lapdock before i found this , but i will need to go back and try again .
so , i have a nexus one . firstly : do not try to use the soft keyboard for any form of coding . it is workable , to an extent , with connectbot 's help , for system administration , but coding is flat out . if you insist on trying , look at full keyboard . secondly : the screen size is an issue , at least for me . i have not found a font size that is both readable for long sessions and displays enough code on the screen . coding and longform text are still definitely a computer thing .
i ended up coding a lot on it . it works quite well . i use igo stowaway bluetooth keyboard ( it fits in a pocket ) . i map esc to jk or jj . i also bring a charger just in case . the small font size does not bother me as much . i just move my head closer to the screen . also alt-tab works for switching application . it is useful because you need to use a stackoverflow for coding :- )
try mosh for a potential solution to latency issues . it does heuristic echoing of local keystrokes , so you get more immediate feedback and things feel less choppy .
your android phone ( if that is what you mean by having two android ) , should have a setting for wireless tethering . open the settings -> wireless option in your android phone and there you will get the option . you will need to provide a name to the network and then try to search for that name in the other phone , as a new wireless network . also , your data provider should have allowed tethering on your phone ; they sometimes block tethering where unlimited data plans or plans with high data usage are provided . also , could you provide some more details on how you went about doing the same , that might help in providing a more useful answer .
there is no alternative for kies . kies is the only offical way to update samsung 's android devices . to unofficially flash/update samsung devices odin ( for windows ) and heimdall ( for linux ) are the de facto standard . these two a very reliable .
try running your logic in another thread or in async task 's doinbackground
for an update to an existing app , you just have to enable that in google play 's settings . for a newly installed app , i do not think it is possible . you can block the background data for google play , but that is just a workaround and it has limitations like you will not be able to make in-app purchases when you are on mobile network .
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
hold down the volume down button while booting and go into ' safe mode ' . go to the developer menu and turn it off . reboot .
if you are using yahoo , and have recently changed your yahoo account passowrd , then this will cause the social hub app to get caught in a loop and drain the battery delete the yahoo account and recreating it should fix the issue ( you may need to reboot and use the phone offline before it will let you delete the account ) regards ian
this app is a russian application erroneously installed as a " system " app ( same package name as the email hub ) . if you are rooted you can use something like titanium backup to remove the app . otherwise you can try these instructions from an android authority article : removing the application on un-rooted devices seems much harder , however success has been reported by clearing the play store’s data and cache from settings> applications – afterwards , just launch the android market application to re-acquire the current market state and google play application .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
there is a clockview app . in google play store . it is a best-efforted always on clock . please read the app . descriptions . link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kimscom.clockview
keepscreen can let you choose some applications and select a specific screen timeout for each of them . so you could just set the clock application with the " no timeout " option .
i am not sure but if you go to calenendars -> menu -> more -> calendars , you can choose which calendar to show . maybe this will help if you are talking about calendar of phone .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the “all” tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the “clear data” button , and confirm you’d like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
i use helium on a non-rooted nexus 7 ( 2013 ) to backup my app data ( but not the apps ) . i have only one user account but since that app data is user-specific , is contained in my user area , and the backup is placed in my user area , i would be surprised if helium would have any trouble backing-up each account separately . i have not had occasion to restore a user 's data from a helium backup , so be i can not vouch for that process .
yes you can . both sim can be used for internet and voice calls . you can also select which sim can be used for internet and which can be used for voice calls . the settings can be found under Settings-&gt; Wireless &amp; networks .
no , it is not normal . the following might seem obvious if you are familiar with android , but it is worth a check . android has separate volume levels for media ( such as music ) , notifications , and in-call . it also has a separate volume level for when you are using headphones , to avoid deafening yourself by plugging in headphones when the volume is high . it could be that the " in-call without headphones " volume is very low , and the other volumes are normal . try turning up the volume ( with the physical volume keys ) while you are in a call ( with no headphones plugged in ) , and see if that solves the problem . if not , it sounds like a hardware problem with the speaker that goes next to your ear . there is a separate speaker for when it is on speakerphone , or for music or videos . in that case , a warranty claim would be the appropriate course of action , especially if this is a new phone and it has always had this problem .
solution : clear the app cache . after i cleared the app cache , the " send as " was functioning as it did before the update . does this fall under as a duplicate of : app x is not working correctly . how can i fix it ?
you probably used different google accounts for different apps . switching accounts will show different apps . i guess all you can do is uninstall the apps from one account , change accounts to the one you would like to use and then reinstall them .
i think this name is a windows setting . i think i was seeing an old title , from when the phone had accounts belonging to the other employee . there was another device under devices and printers called galaxy s4 . i right-clicked on the device with the old employee 's name , clicked uninstall . when i disconnect and reconnect my phone i no longer see a device with the old employee 's name , but i do see " galaxy s4" .
check your androidmanifest . xml and see if you have below prezented : there is no button for tablets : ) you have to make it available for that type of screen . hope this helps .
titanium should restore the apks as well as the data . but another method is to go into settings> backup/restore ( or similar ) , and there is an option for backing up and restoring data from google play .
have you enabled location services ? google now determines the time you may take to get to your appointments from your synced calendars and your current location . i am sure you have synced calendars because google now reports an appointment . location services maybe an issue . if you are using the stock rom for your device , enable location services and sign into latitude to set your current location . setting your location manually may also solve your problem . if you are on a custom rom , you can set the device up to use only the internal gps to report your current location to google now . hope this helps . if you give this a shot , report back with results for others to help you or be helped . p.s. : this may be useful .
sorry no can do . since its stock launcher . try downloading different launcher from the store .
the problem with his method and most other methods i have seen ( at least on my centos 6 and ubuntu 10 machines ) is that crlfs were at the end of each line of the /tmp/pkg.list file , so the uninstaller instead of uninstalling com.google.chrome , was actually attempting to uninstall ' com . google . chrome^m ' . . . notice the cr return character . by doing dos2unix , there is ' success ' , not ' failure ' . his sed script may have originally been a substitute for dos2unix , but was mangled when posted . the ' failure ' problem has more to do with the adb shell appending a dos line ending ^m ( on centos linux anyway ) . since i did everything from centos 6 , i was surprised to be bitten yet again by 1980s technology that was never as good as the technology from 1969 . i guess google wanted to make things easier for windows users of the adb shell . ( i had edited ( appended ) to ce4 's answer , but apparently that did not take . )
there are tons of apps that do batch uninstalling but here 's a simple free one that i know works : uninstaller pro a lot of the more full featured app managers also have a batch uninstall option . i like to consolidate functions into as few apps as i can . now i use smartbar which has a good app manager with batch uninstall .
there are a ton , are not there ? one i am looking at is apps uninstall . a nice feature it has is the ability to mark apps to protect them from accidentally bulk uninstalling .
scripted via adb and pm ( package manager ) : if the sdk is installed and you like to use the commandline , that is about the quickest way i know of : downside : you only get to see the package names , not the friendly application names ( there is seemingly no easy cli way . for programmers : get application name from package name ) downside 2: be sure what you do , you might uninstall every app on your phone if you do not edit the list . <code> # use android 's package manager ' pm ' # list all 3rd party pkgs ( using the '-3' parameter ) me@local:~$ adb shell pm list packages -3 &gt ; /tmp/pkg . list # use whatever editor you like ( grep , vi , gui ) to edit the list me@local:~$ vi /tmp/pkg . list me@local:~$ cat /tmp/pkg . list | sed ' s , . *: , , ' | while read a ; do adb uninstall $a ; done </code> maybe also an improvement for a limited number of apps : google 's play store now offers improved per device management ( since around google i|o 2012 ) : go to my android apps ( login required ) and you see " apps installed on [ device model ] " . per app you have an : update button ( if there is an update ) uninstall button ( except for system apps ) using this you can easily uninstall apps on specific phones or tablets using your internet browser . see also this accepted answer : remotely uninstall apps ?
it is been awhile since i used it , but appbrain 's app will let you sync to your appbrain account . . . so it should uninstall apps you remove from your appbrain account , but i can not verify that since i do not use it anymore . not a batch uninstall , but in launcherpro you can drag and drop apps to the trash can , hover for a few seconds , and then drop to uninstall it ( instead of removing it from the homescreen ) . works from the app drawer too . this is the method i usually use .
whenever android needs more ram , it will kill anything in the " background " the htc sense is background if you are playing a video game or any other app . so when android sees that it needs ram , sense with it is fairly large memory footprint is a prime candidate . think nothing of it . if it crashed you would get a " force close " . some launchers do tricks to force them to not be killed by android but that has a negative effect on ram availability for foreground apps .
most likely you have too many services running at once that are eating up all of your memory . check running services under settings --> applications --> running services . look at the colorful memory bar at the bottom of how much free memory there is . look for services that are high on memory usage and that you do not use anymore . ask yourself if you really need that service running or not . if you do not , remove it . see if that helps . you will probably see a better performance boost everywhere if you are being bogged down by excessive amounts of services . additionally , you could try out a new home launcher such as launcherpro .
i had same experience once where i was stuck at a boot loop after flashing a nightly release of a custom rom . i tried flashing several other rom but to no avail . the reason it happened on my galaxy nexus was because i had the option automatic restore enabled . you can find this option at settings -> backup and reset -> automatic restore . my fix was to execute the following command : fastboot -w  this command erased the userdata and cache and i managed to boot my device successfully . in case you do not know what fastboot is , it is a tool that is available from android sdk . before proceeding with fastboot i suggest you to try flashing some other roms .
i had the same issue long ago with my g1 . i forgot to wipe dalvik cache . it is an option in the recovery menu , you should do that .
as i had commented to @onik 's answer : if this cable does not have a dac ( digital to analogue converter ) , this cable will not work . i also found a search result about a scam related to this kind of cable , which again confirms this . since i am unable to view the video ( restriction at my work ) i am unable to see to comment more on it .
a source link could give us more information , but i see no reason this would not work , since it uses the correct port and that port also supports hdmi , which means that video output is supported .
you may have encrypted your phone contents . both of my phones take a lot longer to boot since having to decrypt on start-up .
my galaxy nexus ( i9250 , gsm version ) with android 4.02 definitely does not take that long to boot . just switched mine off to test , and from off it takes just under a minute to get to the sim card pin unlock code screen ( and after entering my pin it goes straight to the pattern lock with my normal wallpaper ) .
you can use any standard midi keyboard with your device . ( src ) there are several keyboards with korg and roland . choice of the device is all yours . but unfortunately there are reports that your nanopad is not working with this as you asked in your original question . ( src ) you may want to verify that with the manufacturer first , before you go for a new one . once you have a standard midi device ( which does not require driver installations ) , you can use apps like usb midi monitor or grand piano note : you can try ebay for good solutions . visit a local music store and check compatibility before you buy as izzy suggested
you just have to long-press the number ( underlined ) .
if you can find an original stock rom for your device ( i assume your device is not rooted etc . ) , or any fitting custom rom ( in case it is rooted etc . ) , you could factory-reset your device and then flash that rom . see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for available rom sources .
android will not run anything from the app as soon as you install it . an app can only set alarms , register broadcast receivers , etc . after the first time you run it manually , for example by : launching one of its activities from the launcher clicking open in the play store app creating a home screen or lock screen widget provided by this app starting it from another app ( via a share action or the like ) this is not a complete list , but it should be pretty obvious what actions start the app . if you have not started the app , it can not have run yet , unless the author is able to exploit a bug in android that no one else knows about . this is very different to the situation on desktop oses . in windows and most gnu/linux package managers , installing an application consists of running code provided by the app author . in contrast , android is designed to limit what apps can do . android itself installs the package by reading its manifest , which tells android the name of the package and what components it contains . android unpacks the app 's files to its own private directory in internal storage , without running any code provided by the app . if the app wants to do any further setup ( such as performing an anti-piracy check , or getting you to sign into a server ) , it can only do this when you first run the app .
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
your confusion is most likely caused by the way the playstore handles installs/updates . they are first downloaded and stored in internal storage ( not on sdcard , but /data/local ) , then the app is to be installed on the same partition ( /data/data/app.package.name ) -- only after that the download can be deleted . in your case , this would mean a 12m download , which then needs to be unpacked ( at least another 12m , or rather more ) -- which could sum up to 30m or more . a safety margin needs to be kept to keep the device from crashing -- so you get the " insufficient storage " error . see also : package install via market sometimes fails and gives seemingly random error message
there is a difference for multiple reasons : the app settings menu takes a few seconds to update the amount of storage an app takes up [ and ] apps sometimes delete/add data to their data folders . this causes the amount of storage to change often . you may get the insufficient storage space if an app expands and extracts needed libs and data when it is installed - this can cause the insufficient storage error .
afaik , pictures from gallery are not uploaded to picassa gallery by sync , unless you intentionally upload them by sharing options . to put this to test , i just now tried to capture an image though camera and synced . it did not turn up in picassa . i do not know why this way , but on the first hand if your first device is not uploading image to picassa with sync , there is no way your other device is going to get it . there are plenty of other ways using apps like sugar sync , drop box etc . but i assume here the question was asked in compassion with contacts and calendar which gets synced with google 's services without any other app support .
if you want to create the dumpstate file from a pc ( using adb ) , run this command from a shell : adb shell dumpstate &gt; dumpstate.log  this will create the file dumpstate.log in the current directory on your pc . you can use this as part of a bug report .
here 's a couple of answers to start with : email hangouts ( or any other im app ) , which usually require the other person to be logged in . glympse - send a check-in glympse to their mobile number with a message . they will get it as a text . using some sms gateway either via web ( browser ) or a specific sms app supporting this using a messenger app like tango , skype , or line
the default appears to be simply what the phone itself is set to use as font size under settings > ( device ) display . change that to tiny and your messages will display that way , but obviously everything else on the phone will also be impacted .
found this on xda : you can solve safestrap installation issues by downloading the selinux mode changer app from the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mrbimc.selinuxhl=en . install the app and set selinux to permissive . done ! please thank @maribou for this great find ! source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2787681 i had the exact same issue and this worked for me .
since you are rooted within cm , its a matter of doing the following , provided you have read the following : caveat emptor : the jellybean leaked apks are signed with the signature key used to generate the signed leaked rom of jb , however , it may clash with cm 's own signature key which is , and i will guarantee , different , so may not work at all ! you are on your own from there onwards . ------------------------------------- remounting the /system rewriteable as in adb remount to make it writeable replace the apk 's concerned within /system/app by adb pushing the appropriate apks taken from jb , as in adb push name_of_jb_apk.apk /system/app ( repeat for each apk concerned ) - this will overwrite the apk 's already residing in /system/app remount the /system as read-only as in adb remount reboot , and go into clockworkmod recovery and clear the data/cache , the reason being is to remove the old cached data that was in use by the old apk 's , and thus , minimize the chances of force closes within the relevant apks in question . i will list the actual filenames for the apk 's concerned : sms , the filename is Mms.apk contacts , there is two apks involved , ContactsProvider.apk and Contacts.apk dialler , name is Phone.apk , now , beware , this may have a dependency on TelephonyProvider.apk also . whilst i have mentioned the actual apk 's , i am therefore disclaiming any responsibility for anything that may happen on your handset as a result of replacing system apps .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . viber is not fully compatible with custom roms yet . . :/ however , please try to download from the following link : viber knowledgebase let us know if the issue persists . : )
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtype’s breakthrough fluency™ technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesn’t just predict regular words – it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency™ engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
it will probably not help you for now but maybe next time . if you are in an edit contact screen and you press on the home button before you saved the contact , there are chances that this screen would still be active but you need to get back into the app using the " recent apps " list . in my case ( galaxy s3 ) , if i long-press the home button it shows me the list of recently used applications and if i select one from the list it goes back to it in the state it was before i pressed home . if i go back to the same application by re-selecting it from the main screen icon then it goes back to the default view of the application . and this rule is true for a lot of applications , that is why i always use the " recent apps " list when multitasking to prevent the app to start again from the default view .
sorry but there is no way to recover the phone number unless that persons number called/text you or you made a call/text to that person . if you did that you could go into your call history and see the made/missed call and then add it to your contacts . a habit to get into is dial the number first and then hang up . that way its in your call history . then from your call history add the number to your contacts and add additional info such as name , address and email . if you do this and forget to click save at least you still have the telephone number on your phone .
no . this completely disables all data access . only calls/messages can be used . edit : you might try looking into something called juicedefender . the free version will disable your data access when your screen turns off . good for both battery saving and data-usage saving !
viewing their profile touch the friends tab , a menu should pop up and at the bottom should be the option to " unfriend " . hope this helps .
you can not do it using the droid app . the only way is to use facebook 's mobile webapp . find the friend you want to delete , then scroll down and find the remove friend option .
it does not appear that you can , at least at this time . not particularly surprising . their app just sends you to m . facebook . com for anything more than basic functionality .
sometimes if you are viewing your news feed , you are seeing posts from a profile you are not necessarily friends with , you just " liked " something of theirs which will then add to your news feed . in that case you go to their profile and " unlike " them . that should stop them from posting to your wall .
restoring a backup of one rom over top of a different rom is a bad idea ; although it may work in some cases , the device partitions often get screwed up . you need to flash a working rom -- preferably the original one -- and should have no problems doing so since you have clockwork access .
yes , it is possible to factory reset ( wipe ) the phone , and then it'll be like new . if you want to make sure the phone can not be used any more , you have to report the theft to the police and make sure to give them the imei of the phone . ( it should be written on the box it came in , or possibly your carrier will know . ) then they will blacklist the imei so the phone will not work on any cell network .
there is a metric boatload of airplane mode apps on the play store . you might find one there that meets your needs .
on the original kindle fire airplane mode does not seem to exist , but you can turn off wireless using these directions : tap the quick settings ( the gear ) icon in the top right hand corner of the home screen . tap wi-fi . ensure wireless networking switch is in the off position . on the new kindle fire you can enable airplane mode by doing the following : swipe down from the top of the screen and tap wireless . tap on next to airplane mode
there is no way to see this fro the user 's end . generally read through the comments . people are very vocal about their opinion . and if it has truly been uninstalled that many times , beleive me , people will say why and you will get a good indication . and yes , a developer does get daily statistics on installs/uninstalls .
well , i had the same problem and it turned out to be that my ringtone for incoming calls was set to " hangouts video call " . when i changed that to " vzw airwaves " the voice announcement for notifications went away . perhaps it is coincidence , but every other option i tried failed and tested after each , resetting to how things were before .
if this is happening to you , you might be in driving mode . you might have not actually switched to driving mode physically , but if you have paired ( bluetooth ) with you are vehicle , it may automatically switch to driving mode when you enter the car . pull down the notification bar from the top of the screen . if driving mode is not one of the five icons at the top of the screen hit the icon that looks like three little boxes and one set of arrows . that should open a big list of toggle switches . look for driving mode and see if it is turned on/lit up . if it is turn it off and the voice notifications should stop .
short answer : no . long answer : i just put my phone into airplane mode , and tapped the " docs " icon that i happened to have on my home screen . it showed me a list of my docs ! so far , so good . i then tapped one of the docs , and saw a frowny face that said something like " sorry , can not access this document because i do not have a connection to the internet " .
google docs on android has no offline cache at the moment . source the browser version has this functionality . i hope the android app get 's offline docs too , that would be awesome . : )
there are some adapters that will provide yu with a usb port , where you could connect a usb-based network adapter . however , i had no chance with the one i had . i installed an access point in my wired setup , and it worked fine . mine is a d-link dap-1350 .
you can not . the tab does not have an ethernet jack and does not support it anyways . if you do not want to get yourself a wireless router , you can set up a wifi network through a computer with a wifi card . there is a guide on lifehacker on this for windows 7 . the basics : connect your pc to the wired network create an ad-hoc network on the pc ( you will want to encrypt it ) enable ics ( internet connection sharing ) connect the tab to the wifi network broadcast by the pc if you have trouble getting the pc portion to work , you should ask how to get it working on super user since they handle pc stuff like this .
similar to what matthew said i would also suggest a wifi router but use it as a repeater , any cheap wifi router will do just turn off dhcp , use as ap , change the gateway to something other than 192.168 . x . x and probably check the option to use as a lan extension .
use the combination of these 2 tools , it could be that the neighbouring wirelles is interfering if that is the case you can chage the channels . 2 nice tools to use : inssider fing - network tools
my android tablet also stopped connecting to my home wireless and reports connection out of range even when sitting in the same room as my access point ( ap ) . i have looked everywhere for a solution doing everything from restarting my ap and tablet , changing the pw and even security mode ( wep , wpk , etc ) with no success . my ap is an old router set to ap mode and uses a single broadcast channel . i went in and reset the channle from 13 to 11 and voila ! instant connection with my tablet .
it seems my problem was in my battery saver app ( in this case 2x battery ) . i read a question in this site couple days ago . the problem of questioner was like me and he/she answer it , and said problem was from battery saver app . i think if i disable this option ( wireless saver ) it goes well . but just after disabling the hole app it fixed . for now i check it and i did not have any problem . p . s : i really forget the title of that question or link of it . if i find that , i set it here for others .
the original nexus 7 does support screen mirroring to chromecast . this feature was added in android 4.4 , so if you are still using an old android version on your nexus 7 , you will need to do a system update . from the settings app , go to display then cast screen . do not bother with the chromecast app at all . the option 's in a different place on the s3 , and it is designed primarily for samsung 's competitor to the chromecast , but i expect it would work with both . from the settings app , at the bottom of the connections page , click screen mirroring . the phone will start looking for devices it can cast to .
i have found the problem . i changed the density to a higher resolution . after resetting to system resolution , problem was solved . i would still be glad to know if there is a solution that will allow me using the calendar at a high res . as well .
on the electrify , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard-ext/ while the internal is at /mnt/sdcard/ . the two are logically separate and cannot / should not be merged . on the mesmerize , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external-sd/ as if it were a subfolder of the internal sd storage , which is also mounted at /mnt/sdcard/ like the electrify . the two are just as separate as on the electrify , however , and the subfolder is not " real " . if you connect your phone to your pc you will see two separate drives for them , and the " external-sd " folder on the internal storage will show up as empty &mdash ; since it is ! i think what is happening here is that you want your data &mdash ; downloads , possibly pictures and music , etc . &mdash ; from your mesmerize 's internal sd , and you thought it was all on the external sd . ( i do not blame you , this system of having two areas both called sd is confusing . ) what i would do is : power off both phones remove any external sd cards from both phones to avoid confusion power on both phones connect both phones to your pc and mount the internal storages on both to your pc copy the content of the mesmerise 's internal storage over to the electrify 's internal storage properly dismount both phones from the pc power off both phones re-insert your external sd card ( s ) power on the electrify and go happily on your way
if your tv does not support dlna and you have some other dlna capable device , like an xbox360 , ps3 , or dlna capable blu-ray player , you can use that as a bridge between your tv and the phone . just set your phone to use wi-fi and run whatever app comes w/ the phone ( or download some other app on the market ) to stream via dlna . your dlna capable device should detect the media server from your phone . once that happens , you should be able to stream from your phone to the capable device , which would then display to your tv . check out these posts on droid forum for more specific info .
the thunderbolt has dlna , so if your tv supports dlna you can use that . on my samsung phone , you use the allshare app for dlna , but i think the thunderbolt has another app built in . page 275 of the user manual describes how to use dlna . this droidforums thread has a discussion of ways to use dlna without a compliant tv , i am not sure how well other ways will work . there is also a " multimedia dock " that is supposed to be released shortly , it is " out of stock " until then . that should provide a cable-based way of video output .
use your phone to call a friend with caller id ( usually any mobile phone nowadays ) . take note of the incoming caller 's number . that is your number .
try using an alternative to the stock sms app like handcent sms . a cautionary note - turn off the auto delete option ( the option to auto delete messages older than x days ) . an additional note - since your sms store seems quite precious to you , i would also recommend sms backup and restore . it can backup your sms at scheduled intervals and also email / upload them to dropbox if need be .
try this : cat /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db &gt; /sdcard/mysms.db  which copies the sms database across to the sdcard . for the telephone database , cat /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/telephony.db &gt; /sdcard/mytelephony.db  its a very old trick , to pull in the databases without root . it is not guaranteed to work across all roms depending on how the directory permissions are set .
you will be unable to do this without a rooted device , as the /data directory can only be read by the android system , and apps can also read their own /data/data/&lt;package name&gt; directory only . android devices do not come with sudo , and you need to be rooted to use su as it switches to the root shell ( on unrooted rom 's , su can not switch to the root user , as the kernel denies it ) . if you do find a way to root the device , ( which may be difficult ) , you can mount the /data partition as rw , then you can copy files from it . use these command to remount the /data patition : su mount -o remount,rw /data the su command can only be executed on a rooted device . edit : just for clarification , the sms backup and restore app uses an api call to get the sms messages via the messaging app , hence the need for the READ_SMS permission . edit2: most rooting methods do not wipe the device data , however some do . you would have to google for a way to root your droid 2 however , and see if it wipes the data .
i just usually long-press the item until i get the popup menu from the browser , press back to hide the menu and the hover is activated . not a foolproof method but works most of the time . this way i can be almost sure that the tap does not send a click event . tested on 3.2 , 4.0 , 4.0.2 vanilla browsers and chrome/chrome beta on ics .
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
cyanogenmod rom has a built-in updater application which can periodically ( or manually ) check their servers for a new release of the rom . your current rom version and date stamp are sent ( in a completely anonymous way , no identifiable information is sent for privacy reasons ) to their servers , and any new versions are returned . the user is then presented with a notification , and can choose to download the update ( entire rom actually ) and automatically or manually flash it via recovery .
one way is to take a screenshot after the fact . this works natively on ics by pressing volume down and power key together , otherwise root the phone and install a screen capture app .
there are plenty of solutions available on the google playstore -- just search it for " headset control . having a philips headset , i use their philips headset and am really satisfied with it : one tap = pause/play , two-tap = forward 1 track , 3 tap = backward 1 track . long-tap ( hold it ) = volume up , tap and then long-tap = volume down . . . most of these apps follow that scheme , many also allow to customize it . jays headset control should be a good option as well , but did not work to well with my philips headset ; so if one does not do as expected , do not give up but try another .
basically , it looks like you want to clear everything except your apps . is that right ? if so , i would just use something like app manager to back them all up , and then do a factory reset . if you back them up to the sd card they should be safe , but you can always copy the backup to your computer .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
the only way to currently do it is to give them a copy of the apk . just make sure they do not pass it around or leak it . you can not gift apps in the android market or give promo codes .
check the settings for your dialer app . most dialers have some kind of " call in progress " beep that goes off every minute or so if the option is enabled .
this is normal when someone else is calling right at the moment you do this call . i think it is called " call waiting " , but the feature is usually non-free .
the nexus 4 does not officialy support usb otg . it is possible with a custom kernel . but for this you need to unlock your bootloader .
nexus 4 does not officially support usb otg . but rooting and modding the software can do the trick . here 's a handy guide i found !
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
it is possible to retrieve your contacts as google may have backed it up . just add your google account to the phone and when sync is enabled the contacts will be back . but sms and call logs may not restored . also from now on use any app to backup contacts , sms , call logs etc . you can use super backup from play store .
although i know this is an old question , i have a better answer for whoever is later to find this on google . try using ink over apps , you can download it free from the google play store . i have it on my tf700 and it seems to work perfectly !
in my old school days , this were trivial because just right behind the projector screen are whiteboards which is sometimes used as a " screen " which can be drawn on with markers . as more modern alternative , there are also smartboards that provides a virtual whiteboard to draw on with digital annotations . and one of them can be controlled and viewed from an android tablet . if you only need video and slides , then you can run your presentation on the computer running smartboard software and connect to the computer with the android tablet controller . this does not actually allow you to draw over arbitrary apps though .
if your phone is working on outside wifi connections , and your office computers are working fine then its probably the proxy . ask your it department they should give you a manual proxy address and port to get round the proxy and you should be good to go .
perhaps you could use a backup program like titanium backup to perform a full backup of apps and data and then transfer that backup file to the second device . after this , restoring said backup on the second device should transfer stuff , imo . no experience in this , so ymmv .
storage/android/data/com.instagram.android/cache/video/ change the file extension from .0 to .mp4
the location of the instagram cache is storage/android/data/com . instagram . android/cache/video however , when i look on my device , it seems that the files are not stored in a traditional video format . you should be able to find the video there , if at all though .
try this : menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > data enabled ( that should be checked ) . menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > access point names , hit menu , tap on ' reset to default ' : )
check the date and time under Settings . youtube and some other apps report no network when the date is wrong .
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
as you are running ics , you might want to take a look at the question full backup of non-rooted devices . all you need for that is the android sdk on your computer . starting with ics , full backups are supported this way even if you are not rooted . details can be found in the linked question 's answers .
to remove some of the desktop panes , you will have to use an alternative launcher . unfortunately , i am not familiar with honeycomb so i can not give you any recommendations besides looking in the play store .
look for the file wpdmtp.inf on the internet ; this is a needed driver . after downloading it to your pc , put the file in the Windows/inf directory , overwriting any existing files . then , open the device manager on your pc . go to portable devices , and re-install the controller . look for the necessary driver in the correct folder . good luck . this works for me .
try use some third party applications instead of pc companion like : wondershare mobilego or myphoneexplorer . both of these are free . i recommend wondershare mobilego . it has a full functional free version and can automatically download and install the drivers .
disconnect from pc . go to settings/xperia/connectivity/usb connection . change from mtp to msc . reconnect , and it should work .
go to Settings &gt; Developer Options , tick off usb debugging , then it'll work ! it worked for me .
just came across a solution thought i should share it on microsoft 's support site . the pertinent section that worked , titled " method 3: disable and re-enable the usb controller " of the above page . ( for the benefit of others who do not wish to see the page , it is quoted here ) use device manager to disable and re-enable all the usb controllers . this lets the controllers recover the usb port from its unresponsive condition . the usb controllers represent the usb ports in device manager . if you are not comfortable with advanced troubleshooting , try the steps in the " workaround " section . to disable and re-enable the usb controllers , follow these steps : click start , and then click run . note if you are running windows vista , click start , and then use the start search box . type devmgmt . msc , and then click ok . device manager opens . expand universal serial bus controllers . note you might have to scroll down the list to find this item . right-click the first usb controller under universal serial bus controllers , and then click uninstall to remove it . repeat step 4 for each usb controller that is listed under universal serial bus controllers . restart the computer . after the computer starts , windows will automatically scan for hardware changes and reinstall all the usb controllers that you uninstalled . check the usb device to see whether it is working . if the usb port recognizes the device and if you can use the device , you are finished . but instead of removing it and restarting , instead , i just disabled it and re-enabled it ( please note this will fail if you use a usb keyboard ) .
system tuner looks like it could help you figure out what is going on . excerpts from the app 's description : display log ( cat ) for all/one process ( even on jellybean android 4.1 ) record ( optionally at boot ) activities in the background record all apps or all processes allows analyzing past recordings without limits i did not try it for this special purpose , but the description suggests you can check what was going on when the device went down even afterwards : which processes were running , memory and cpu status , and more . as it is able to read system logs fine even on jellybean , it should be able to give you the information needed to figure out what is going on .
ezpdf does bookmarking , multicolor highlighting , annotation list , etc . . . and it is saved to with the pdf when later open it in skim . idk what epub is , but it sounds similar to what ezpdf does
the kindle app allows you to highlight and make notes on both books from the amazon store , and other files like drm free . mobi and txt files , if you copy them into the kindle folder on the sd card . these notes will not sync to the web or to other devices , but are stored with that book on your phone , and you can search through the book for your notes and highlights and see them later .
fbreader or coolreader do read epubs , and you can select text/make bookmarks there .
repligo reader ( $5 ) allows you to copy text and to make annotations . also , if you convert them to epubs the nook app allows you to make notes . it may let you copy text on a non-drm'd book but i do not have any of those so i am not able to test it . ( just note that while the nook lets you read pdfs the nook app currently doesnt .
do not store data on the micro sd card . it is easy to take out and insert into another device .
the most common way to hack your phone is thru insecure wifi spots . ( mark zuckerberg was hacked that way . ) i would recommend to install y5 application , which enables wifi only for spots you trust .
the best way to protect your phone is to encrypt the whole data on it . i know nexus devices have option to encrypt devices under security settings . what this will do , is every time you boot up your device it will ask for your password , if you do not know it , you will not be able to recover any data on your phone . you will need to set up some password or lock after you turn of your screen as well , so no one can access your phone if you leave it on table or somewhere else . if you are often using public access points to connect to internet via your android device , you should always use https sites . most common attacks against smartphone users are man in the middle attacks , this will allow attacker to intercept your session with the current server you are gaining informations from ( for example facebook ) and it will be able to login to your account and make changes to your account , post on your behalf etc etc , there is no good defense against this , but you can use droidsheep guard . it will detect if anyone on the network is using this kind of attack , and if so , it will automatically disconnect you from that network , therefor preventing an attack . there are also some viruses being made lately against android devices , which can harm your device in different ways , i have found out that the best thing you can do against this is , use only play store to download your apps , and check what other people say about application , before downloading it , a lso latest android update has additional security , so if you are installing app from other sources , it can check that app for any malicious code in it . i do not recommend installing antivirus software on android device , it will not help much , and it will slow your device . i hope this will be helpful for you and others having concerns about this kind of stuff .
you should also be able to add a lock-pattern that makes it slightly-more-difficult to open the phone
check out a piece of software such as mobile defense which gives you remote tracking and wiping of your phone .
there are multiple solutions available , depending on your goal . probably none of them covers exactly what you describe , but maybe one of them comes pretty close , or a combination can be the solution for you . a bunch of apps like expensify offer to keep track of your expenses . here you can scan your receipts , record your milage , and more ( the app takes care for that ) . all data gets uploaded to the providers server , and you get reports in return . warranty archive stores copies of your warranty receipts . it takes photos of your papers ( receipts and the like ) , and lets you add some details . according to the app 's description , syncing with google drive is planned -- so this comes closest to your description . a better rated variant could be my warranties , even offering reminders and barcode scanning ; but the app description does not mention any synching ( neither cloud nor desktop ) . full version is just half an euro , so not that big deal . search the google playstore for " receipt " to get a lot of alternatives , most of them comparable with above described apps , or combining features of them . here you might even find an app that does exactly what you want . though just using a single term for the search , the first result page containts no false positives -- so take your pick ! another variant would be using a pdf-scanner like e.g. camscanner , saving the full pdf in the correct folder locally , and use an app like foldersync to have that directory synced with your preferred cloud service automatically in the background . this would even be independent of whether you want to keep receipts , or any other documents sorted that way . there might be many more solutions ( and i am pretty sure there are ) -- but naming them all in full detail would get a quite long task : ) you have got some ideas now which should it make easier for you to find your " perfect match " .
well , you are talking about an app that has a wide variety of customized capabilities . these kind of apps are not currently available in the market . but you have the option of going to a developer and asking him to build an app for you if your financial resources allow you to , or you can build an app on your own if you have the necessary skill sets . about your method of uploading , the only feasible solution would be doing it manually .
as of version 1.2.5 , tethering has been included in afwall+ , you should only need to enable ( tethering ) - dhcp+dns services
i had the same problem with wifi tethering after i installed droidwall . though the wifi connection was successful but i got no internet access . i got it working simply by adding the dns in my laptop . hope , it works for you or anyone facing the same problem . change/add dns 4.2.2.2 and 8.8.8.8 in your pc/laptop . that is it .
it is normal to disable droidwall , for the reason that it blocks any incoming packets for port 67 , to allow wifi tethering to work . or quite simply , allow a custom script that matches the port number 67 which is dhcp to pass through . fyi about droidwall - the functionality and development efforts have been discontinued and the author sold it off to avast . the fork of droidwall is called afwall+ which can be found here and found on google play which is apparently better than the old droidwall . edit since wifi-tether operates on both tcp/udp 's port number 67 ( for dhcp to work ) , here 's the rules necessary : $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -p TCP --destination-port 67 -j RETURN $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -p UDP --destination-port 67 -j RETURN  this rule here enables adbwireless to work with droidwall enabled . $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" --destination "0.0.0.0" --destination-port 5555 -j RETURN  you also have to enable wi-fi access for " apps running as root " for this to work .
alright everyone , i think i may have found something , so if anyone is having this problem , hopefully it can help . i believe it is a problem with google maps . for me , sometimes , when i launch maps and the gps icon flashes a few times without locking and disappearing , that is when the problem starts . well i had the google maps traffic widgets active , and i would use those all the times and did not realize it was not locking the gps , but my speedometer apps would not work , or even maps would not work i uninstalled maps , and reinstalled , did not help . this is what i found that works - do not use the traffic widgets , just open maps and look at traffic if you need to . the second is , if you open maps and gps does not lock , exit maps . open up gps status , let it lock - for me i do not even need to clear or update agps info , but you may need to . exit gps status , not open your speedometer app or maps , and it should work . i have been able to ' fix ' the gps issue this way over the last few days with multiple reboots and intalls/uninstalls of maps . hopefully this can be helpful or at least a start to troubleshooting . good luck !
i had this very same issue with my incredible ! i did everything you described and even flashed a newer radio version to no avail . i got so frustrated i broke down and did a factory reset - for some reason it magically fixed my issue . i know it is the nuclear option here ( as well as a popular catch-all answer ) but i honestly think it is worth a shot . this also might be an excuse to bump up to cm 7.1.0 stable . fwiw i have had various strange and inexplicable issues with cyanogenmod on my incredible , this gps trouble being just one . if you are up for a slight paradigm shift i have come to really like miui and have not run into anything terribly strange ( . . . yet ) . edit : just in case , here are some great instructions for performing a factory reset from the helpful miui htc incredible installation guide ( these steps are applicable to performing a factory reset in any rom as long as you are using clockworkmod recovery ) . 3 ) open rom manager and select " reboot into recovery . " ( yes , we are assuming you have already flashed the latest " clockworkmod recovery . " if you have not , please do so now via rom manager by selecting " flash clockworkmod recovery " from the rom manager options before trying to reboot into recovery . ) 4 ) . . . from the main clockworkmod recovery menu , select " backup and restore . " then select " backup . " this will create a nandroid backup in case anything goes incorrectly during or you get a bad rom , you can always load your backup and return your phone to exactly the way it was before you began making changes in recovery . you may also restore your backup from here , but only after performing a full wipe of your phone to eliminate any trace of the old data that may corrupt your " restore " process . for more info on performing a " full wipe , " see the next step . 6 ) now to do a clean wipe of your phone . note : at this point you will lose everything on your phone that you have not backed up to an alternative storage space , via cloud , pc , sdcard . this will basically return your phone to a straight out of the box setup . select factory wipe/data reset from the list of options ( on the htc incredible , you may move your selector up and down with the trackball or the volume buttons , the press the trackball to enter your selection . ) after your selection scroll down through the nos to the " yes " and select it , and your phone will begin to clear out its memory . when it completes , you should be back at the menu to wipe data/factory reset . 7 ) after your full wipe , scroll down to the " advanced " menu , and select it . the next list of options should display " wipe dalvik cache . " select it , scroll down through the nos to the " yes " and select it . it should only take a second . this step may be redundant after a full wipe , but if you ever need to " update " a rom , its important to know where this option is , so good practice . 8 ) press the " power " button on the phone to go back to the main clockworkmod recovery options . . . . 13 ) select reboot system now , and your phone should reboot .
the rom that bsnl customer care provided might not have gapps installed . you can download a relevant version of gapps from goo . im/gapps . based on the information you had provided , you can use gapps-ics-20120429-signed . zip . download that zip file and place it in your sd card . install rommanager from their site . once installed , choose install zip option and select the zip file .
@ ismail @ edelcom when we press single digit , it does show total count of result from phone book contacts . e.g. when i press 7 , it shows count "154" on right side of first contact ( alphabetically arranged ) . on clicking this count "154" i get list of 154 contacts that begins with p , q , r , s .
ok . just now i realized how it works . if i have a contact whose name is starting with QAP ( for example ; ) . otherwise i do not think in the world any name would start like this ) , then i should type 727 and it will bring that contact on top . basically it works as if t9 is activated for the keypad and that is why it does not show names starting from Q when i press 7 twice . i hope it helps others .
as far as i can tell , you can not : press the 7 , and it will show ( on my galaxy s ) the first phone number with a 7 , next to that field is a downwards arrow . pressing that arrow will display a popup selection , with at the top the same number already selected ( the first with a 7 ) , and underneath the first contact starting with a p - scrolling down shows all contact up to and including contacts with an s . but if you want a contact , why not use the contacts tab , you can search there and to the right of my screen is the complete alphabet . pressing one of these letters , will jump to the first contact name starting with that letter .
another app that i ended up using instead of permissions is rl permissions . i prefer the interface . as far as which one works better , i do not know .
use market applications like permission watchdog or permissions . also , there are several others .
aspotcat is also a nice app for permission audit .
there is an app that fixes the subtitles , here . sadly , this is not built into android in any way , and i could not find any video player that has this feature built into it .
charge/discharge cycles are mostly irrelevant for li-ion batteries . the main source of capacity loss is simply time . a li-ion battery sitting unused in storage will lose 15-20% of its capacity per year ( see charts on page 4 ) . any minor losses from cycling is going to get drowned out by that .
no , you must not reformat it before copying ! formatting a storage device means to prepare it to hold files , and it will delete everything on it ( see the tag wiki of the formatting tag for details ) . so yes , formatting woul imply losing all contents on the formatted device ( in this case , from your sdcard ) . new cards usually come pre-formatted , so there is no action needed either : simply insert and enjoy . i never heard a device prompting you to format a newly inserted card , and i have had some of them . of course , a warning is issued when you manually select to format a card , so you do not accidentally fall into such a trap .
you can put a default notification in the web google calendar . ( settings -> calendars -> notifications ) . if you select " popup notification " , a notification ( with sound ) will be launch on your phone too . all events created in this calendar will have this default notification .
my native calendar app on my droid 1 running 2.2 has an option to set the default reminder time in the app settings . all my events have this reminder unless i specify otherwise . you can also set this on the web calendar .
i found an app : business calendar beta ( free ) that support default reminder .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
if you sync the google account used with the calendar to the phone , the calendars can be synced too and viewed/edited offline with your phones ' calendar app .
can i search for android apps that are in hebrew or kurdish ? no . afaict , there is nothing that marks the language used in the app . are all apps automatically translated into all languages ? no . the complexity of reliable machine translation so is currently beyond our current technology ; natural language processing and machine translation is still a hot research topic .
the locale app might also be able to do this .
i am not 100% sure because i have never used the app myself , but knowing that it has a million features i am sure tasker could handle this . tasker
