as far as i know , a fully updated n1 will not have any exploitable vulnerabilities to allow you to root the device . most of the older " one click " and similar methods used things like gingerbreak , which were holes in android that eventually got patched . i have not seen a root exploit on vanilla android since gingerbreak . xda 's wiki has a couple of different options regarding the n1 which work but require unlocking the bootloader , and unlocking will perform a factory reset automatically . they can be found here and basically amount to : unlock the bootloader from fastboot mode with fastboot oem unlock flash a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod ) flash a zip file from recovery that will install su and superuser for you reboot
i found an app bookmark home which adds add bookmark to the share list . if you send a bookmark to it , it will be stored in the apps own storage , but there is an export option to save all of them in the browser bookmarks .
the amazon kindle store and the google android market are different stores . apps you buy in one store are not honored in the other store . you can install the amazon store on your nexus one pretty easily , so you will be able to use apps you buy on your fire on your nexus one . but going the other way is more trouble ( it currently requires you have rooted your kindle fire ) . see how can i get the android market installed on my kindle fire ?
try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
i had a similar issue - only seemed to happen when power had got really low and wifi was on . the way i got around it was : connect to charger shut down nexus hold " volume down " and power button until it wakes up on the bootloader screen , press up until it says " recovery mode " press power you should see the android logo with a red exclamation mark press and hold power , and then press " volume up " which should take you to the recovery menu . once in recovery mode , leave plugged in and fully charge ( several hours ) . once fully charged shut down and restart and it should get past the x . good luck !
have you try with fring , i do not know about the bandwidth but it does allow google talk . you can also check what is fring if fring does not convinced you try truphone although if you ask me i am quite sure that you will not be able to win skype app bandwidth usage on their own application , i mean they must ( or should ) know their stuff . let me know
bandwidth consumption depends on the codec that the app will use . skype uses silk or g729 ( see wikipedia for their bandwidth consumption ) . you can see here http://searchvoip.techtarget.com.au/articles/23239-voip-codecs-day-three-low-bandwidth-codecs more low bandwidth codecs and search for an application that support one of them . i have used sipdroid that has support for silk and speex too . for linux client you can use sflphone or ekiga . i have used both with asterisk and sipdroid and worked quite well .
get the pcgod 's mumble client for android ( do not get it from the market because the market one is not the pcgod uploader and is very old and not updated ) . mumble is an open source voip client that is available for windows and linux . however , this voip is a client-server one , hence requires both the clients to connect to a server . while you may choose a public server in the list when launching the desktop application of mumble , it is better to configure and setup your own mumble server so that you have more choice of freedom and you can even set the voice quality and codec that can use lesser bandwidth . further , mumble is more like push to talk , so it uses very little bandwidth ( i was torrenting on my 256k connection while using mumble with just 2 people in the room and still it was fine ! )
yup . if your contacts were successfully synced with your google account you can easily move them to your new phone using the same google account . any android phone from any company can be used to restore the accounts synced with your google account .
this could be caused by a variety of reasons , the primary reason being an incompatible recovery , where the appropriate variables are not correctly set . try using another recovery ( example : twrp ) , and see if you are getting this error . a temporary solution for this would be : you could just open up the zip file , extract the meta-inf/com/google/android/updater-script file , and remove the getprop lines , which look like : getprop ( xyz ) == " xyzyxz" ) ; lines from it . these lines are usually in the beginning of the updater-script file . as you say that the rom is " for " your device , this should cause no problems . then , just drag-drop back the updater-script file , back into the zip . now , flashing would not be causing any problems . note that : use programs like 7-zip , or winrar , while extracting the updater-script file . use the notepad++ text-editor , or alternatives like geany , which support the linux eol formats .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
there is another app called device dicoverer that give you a lot information about your device . you can also send info by email or you view you info on site . info stored anonymously i am the developer : ) i hope that will help you
you should be able to use Settings &gt; About phone &gt; Hardware information &gt; Display e.g. on my phone , it says "3.7 inch wvga resolution " ( then of course , you would have to discover what wvga is . . . ) the hardware information screen should also tell you the camera specs too .
if you follow much the same path that nick suggested , but instead go to Settings &gt; Display &gt; Display Resolution it should show you the options for your screen resolution . as for your photos , take a picture , put it on your computer and check the resolution . and let us know if you actually have a 12.1 mp camera ! ! : )
you can visit this site from your phone 's web browser which will show you your screen resolution , android version and device id .
there are many sites you could visit ( from the browser ) that will give you this detail . ex : http://ocupado.eu/info
yes . when playing a song you open/slide the tab ( sliding drawer ) at the bottom center , which displays the album cover and play/previous/next buttons . if you click the info ( i ) button for displaying artist/album information there is an option for shuffling . this option is also available on the options menu , after pressing the [ menu ] button , while this sliding drawer is open .
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
to build on al everett 's answer : yes , 3 . x was a tablet only version of android . the user base is phone dominated until more recently , but now android tablets are coming with 4 . x . since the first android tablets came out with 2 . x ( the first galaxy tab ) i am assuming that there was an initial tablet crowd that picked that up instead of an ipad , which was dominant in the market at the time to begin with , and then when 3 . x came out there was some hesitation for the unfamiliar since there was no way of knowing what 3 . x was like since it was not available for the phones that users already possessed .
for a vendor to release a 3 . x tablet its hardware needs to be approved by google . very few vendors hardware was approved to release their tablet with 3 . x version . devices with 3 . x are less in the market so are the downloads
first , there is no such thing as a " full copy " of the system stored anywhere on the device , as it is with the windows recovery partition you describe . neither is there a " program which reinstalls the android operating system from scratch " stored on the device , so you could back that up ( installation is always done via rom-flashing , which takes care of itself ) . second thing is a chicken-and-egg problem : in order to create a partition-image backup , you will need root access -- so you cannot do that backup before your device is rooted ( and a custom recovery is in place to provide the necessary tools ) . but then you no longer can backup the original state , as that has been altered by the rooting process ( and custom recovery installation ) . so the only way to have the " real stock state " available is to download a stock image . however , the rooting process itself is reversible ( see the unrooting tag ) . and with a full stock installation archive ( including the recovery and everything ) , you should be able to restore the " pre-rooting " state . not having a samsung device , i can however not tell about any flash-counters which would let sammy know what " dirty work " you did in between . . .
you will need to submit a request to police station to track your android device through its imei number . as soon as the mobile is switched on and it gets signal from telecom company , its location will be detected . or alternatively , if you had any tracking app , installed on your device , then you may contact app developer for help to track your device .
i strongly recommend you take a look at the lost-phone tag-wiki , which contains a lot of first-aid hints . as you write your sim is still in the device , there is hope it is also still connected to your google account and has a network connection -- so hurry up trying solutions like plan b or android lost , which you can then push to your device via google play 's website . find more details in the linked tag-wiki , plus on the apps ' page at google play .
i also had this problem , but i solved it for myself . i just needed to change my cable , and it worked again . maybe you have a defective cable as well .
not exactly . here is what i ended up doing . maybe it will work for you : in my case , i wanted an appointment to appear at a specified time on the last day of the month and remind me 1 hour early . i ended up making my appointment on the 1st day of every month and then setting reminders to sms message me 25 hours early and 24 hours early , respectively . it seems that if you want it exactly on the last day , most people resort to setting up 12 separate appointments , one for each month , that repeat annually . but , then you will have that 29th day of february to deal with as was the case this year . mine worked anyway . . .
in your settings you should see the category " back up and reset " . and there you should see factory data reset . first try this . the strange korean menu is the recovery menu . there you have the reset to factory option too . but there are differences between the os version and the brand . so you should try to find a guide on google . edit : i read that the reset option might be in the " privacy options " .
in the google talk app when i go into Overflow menu | settings | {username}@gmail.com i see a setting for " notification ringtone " under " chat notifications " . that is what you want , no ? ( i am still on ice cream sandwich so it is conceivable that things are a little different . )
unless you have done something unusual with your device , the sd card will be formatted as a fat file system , which does not support *nix file permissions . this linux faq entry from one of mit is professors explains it a bit , and also explains how you can potentially use mount options to change the permission mode of the device ( this would require root , though , and affect all files/folders on the device ) . also , the sd card in android is mounted by default with the -noexec flag . for the exec bit you had probably want to remount with a umask of 0000 , since the umask is essentially a binary not of the permissions you want ( so umask 0000 says do not mask out any permissions , allow them all ) . untested , but doing it temporarily would be something along the lines of : mount -t vfat -o umask=0000 /dev/your/sdcard/device /mnt/sdcard  the mount point may need to be changed from /mnt/sdcard to something slightly different depending on your device . again , though , i believe mount requires that you have root permissions for this .
try deleting the temporary file that is 36mb in size and re-start the download again this time . please include the method in how you are downloading the update - if you are using kies , be sure to exit kies first completely , then look for that temporary file ( it will be in a hidden spot within the temporary directory under windows - not sure of the path C:\Documents And Settings\Users\XXXX\Local Data ** or ** C:\Documents and Settings\Users\XXXX\Application Data or similar ) you can easily find that out by searching for it depending on where the windows environment variabel $temp points to .
sounds like there is an app that is listening for the permission android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED and firing the toast much to your annoyance . you need to check with yourself by asking yourself those two vital questions - when did this happen ? what was the last app you installed ? and backtrace it to the offending app . for an example , check out this and narrow it down to that aforementioned permission and see which one is it and un-install it .
have you tried Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; Gallery &gt; Clear data ?
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
i have a nexus s for t-mobile , and i have enjoyed it so far . there is only been one update for the nexus s so far , to 2.3.3 . i did not get it the first day , so i installed it myself . unless sprint turns it off , you should be able to tether . i can both over wifi and usb . i have never needed to root , and i am a rather advanced android user . you can unlock the bootloader without doing anything fancy on the nexus s . i truly enjoy having a clean phone . there are a few apps installed by google that i can not remove ( with root you can ) , but they do not bug me much . it does not have the load of crapware that most carriers apply , and it definitely does not have the various awful custom uis manufacturers feel they need to add . it runs fast for everything i do , including some light gaming ; i generally wait till i am at my pc to game , but it plays angry birds and robot unicorn attack just fine .
no . motorola really did a shitty job of patching the ics rom for the xoom2 me . the ir blaster did not work for a couple months , and this speaker bug is indeed software . there is an app by wyrm on the play store that fix some of the speakers issues : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfix https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfixfree it needs root . if your problem is fixed by the app , send some dough the dev 's way by buying the donationware paid version . also thanks to the team behind the http://xoom2me.blogspot.com.br/ blog for the savior post .
the package which the game downloads ( after installing from google play that is ) is downloaded to the sd card . your best bet is to remove the app from ' manage applications ' option under settings .
you can delete the cache for play store and download provider . Settings - &gt; Applications - &gt; All (tab) - &gt; app name - &gt; Clear Cache  the space requirements vary app by app but all of them take up more than they package size .
yah , the system will crash if you do not have enough disk space to download and unpack an apk . a really silly design flaw that is been around since the first android os version . anyway , the offending data is probably stuck in a cache somewhere , such as the system tmp directory . go through Settings &gt; Applications and click on the All tab . scroll down until you can click on the entry for " play " and then click the " clear cache " button to ditch stuff in the google play cache folder . do not click " clear data " as this will put google play back to the factory default settings . it will list how much space the cache is taking up above the button , btw . if that is not much help , you can also try clicking on other apps and clearing their caches . ( map , email and browser apps usually have a boatload ) you might also want to download and install a cache cleaner to wipe the other caches clean if you are running low on space ; something might be a disk hog .
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
alternatively to the adb variant described by chahk ( which requires at least a minal installation of adb on your computer ) , you can install a ssh server app on your device ( examples include , but are not restricted to , ssh server , digisshd , servers ultimate ) . then you can use the ssh command on linux/mac , or a tool like putty on windows , to connect to your device and run shell commands , as if you were using a terminal app on the device itself .
if you have a problem with an app and you had like a response from the developer , the best thing to do is always to contact them directly . you can find contact details ( usually a support email address ) on the app 's store page . reviews are the worst way to get help with a problem . the app developer is not notified of all new reviews , so unless they have a tool that automatically checks for new reviews , they might not see your review for some time , especially for a popular app with lots of reviews . in addition , the length of the review and their response is very limited , so it is probably not possible to get/give enough information to help solve the problem . on top of that , if you give a bad review saying that something does not work , and it turns out to be simple mistake , it makes you look like a fool , right where everyone can see . this is even more of a consideration now that google play displays your name next to the review , and uses your reviews to recommend apps to your friends . if you do leave a review on an app and the developer responds , the reply shows up right next to your review on the app 's store page . if you have had a notification but there is no reply there , it is possible that the developer wrote a reply but subsequently deleted it , perhaps because it no longer applies to the latest version of the app .
must be by design . flashing the led infinitely would drain the battery ( even if only slightly ) . i do not see anything in settings regarding lengthening the amount of time the led will flash ; you can only specify what things cause led notification . after some searching it looks like the " missed reminder " app allows for a lot of notification customization - led interval , color , etc . not sure how to link an app so just search for it in the market . sounds promising . hope it helps .
i have noticed the my moto droid started doing this with the latest android 2.2 . the notification icon stays in the notification area , but the led stops flashing . personally , i like this behavior , but i do not know of any way to prevent it from " silencing " the blinking led . seems to be by design , and seems to be for the latest versions of android .
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
check out volume control + . this app lets you control the volume for the following : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system . each sound profile ( e . g . silent , vibrate , general ) can be configured .
log collector comes to my mind
simply download wifi hotspot . this may help you convert your pc onto a wifi hotspot and then you can share your internet connection on more than one android phone . it even runs on java phone which supports wifi . but if you have windows xp then you might get problems but if you have higher like windows 7 or 8 then it will run very swiftly . here is a link you can use to download it https://a1-downloads.phpnuke.org/en/c151454/wifi-hotspot-creator-free-download-full-review
you only need to remember the passphrase . i have done this before . if you are worried , you could always create a nandroid backup of your entire system , then wipe and install a custom rom . install tb , and try to restore an app with just a passphrase . if it needs something you lack , then you have your answer and can go back to recovery and restore the nandroid . but as i said , i have done this process already and know that the password is all that is needed .
the faq of titanium backup about crypthography states that you just need the passphrase to recover any backup . that must mean that the private key file is stored along with all of your backups , because it could never work in any other ways . the big problem with that faq is that it should states this explicitly imho so to make things clearer for us users . i took a peek at the first bytes of some backupped file ( i am talking about the application data here , because titanium backup does not backup apks period ) , guess what i saw ? i found the very same ascii sequence in the first lines of the backup files : those files are named something . gz but they are actually not gzip files ( because of the key that has been put in front of them . gzip files begin with hex codes 1f 8b 08 . those files do not ) . if you run linux and want to check it out , download two of your backups on the pc and try this command , that shows the first four lines of the file : $ head -n 4 cgeo.geocaching-20130919-000250.tar.gz  my output is : quite odd for a binary file , is not it ? by the way that must be , yes , my tb private key enciphered with my passphrase . i do not give a thing about sharing it because you would need my backup files and my passphrase as well , to get anything useful out of . now , if you run run the same command on a different backup file : $ head -n 4 com . amazon . kindle-20130919-000004 . tar . gz guess what ? you will get the same s*it ! this simply could not be a coincidence . : ) from a certain point onward everything in backup files finally becomes binary . this behavior makes a lot of sense because that would mean that we can only share the backup files and forget about everything - with the passphrase , we can recover our backups , period . still , i really think that the developer should document a procedure about how to recover our own legitimate data ( we know the passphrase , so it is us ! ) from any computer with a decent crypto tools set ( read : openssl ) .
i am persian and also have nexus-s . you can upgrade your rom to ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) . this version of android has arabic in it is localization and has all you want . if your provider support oem upgrade you can simply upgrade it by phone or you can flash the latest cyanogenmod rom to your phone and have fun with your mobile . you can always download latest cyanogenmod naghtly from here
upgrading to ics ( android v4.0 ) will fix your problem , i would suggest that you wait for the official ics rom ( the official update published by samsung ) according to engadget it will be coming very soon . however , if you do not want to wait and want to install a custom rom you can have a look at xda-developers they have several roms that you can install on your device .
if you are using google talk and have a gmail account , your chats are automatically logged in gmail . if you search for label:chat , you should be able to find that conversation and copy the text from your gmail application . btw , i think that the fact that you can not copy the text from the chat app really needs to be fixed .
the google play error -18 indicates an app update fails to write to sd ( due to some left-overs from a previous installation of the same app ; see e.g. in the app description of vitalplayer , this post on xda , or try this customized google-search for 11.900 xda-results on the same topic ) . the recommended solution is to move the app to internal storage , trigger the update again , and then optionally move the app back to sd . from this i conclude : the app gets updated in the selected storage .
from my experience with my droid after this functionality was added to android , updates " go " to where the app is . that is , i did not need to re-move the app to the sd card after an update . as far as i know the functionality for that has not regressed . ( actually , i do not think much work has been done on it at all . google would like for phones to just have internal storage . ) that said , there is probably more chance of something going wrong with an update in that scenario . you may find occasionally that you have to move an app back to internal storage to update and then move it back to the sd card . or possibly re-install . but it is probably rare . i do not currently have a device with 4.3 and an sd card , so this is a bit of conjecture based on my experience with an older version of the os . caveat emptor .
i have the same issue . i solved it by installing boeffla kernel and turning on ignore unstable power .
i have had this issue too from time to time , at one stage i had to turn my phone off to get a decent charge , i found that using a usb cable can slow down the charging time but as you mentioned your using a ac power source . how i resolved mine was buying a new battery , my battery was dated for 2012 and simply needed to go . new battery resolved my problem , and are fairly cheap !
i have noticed that changing the charger works in a few cases . the standard charger sometimes does not play nice with custom roms .
do you keep wireless or any other communication networks on while charging ? this can slow down the charging process .
the built-in gingerbread keyboard should support multiple languages , they can be selected from the Settings -&gt; Locale and Text -&gt; Gingerbread keyboard -&gt; Input Languages menu . after this , you will see the current language on the space bar and can roll through the languages by swiping left or right on the space bar .
something that may be easier to install is bluestacks . i think it should meet your needs . edit : well . . . except it is not ics :p i would then go to sdk emulators . . .
recent versions of the sdk include a native x86 android image . ( http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html ) http://android-x86.org offers a 4.0 image that can be run from virtualbox . http://androvm.org/blog/ offers a jellybean ( 4.1 ) image for virtualbox . note that performance may not be so great .
no , the tablet only fits into the transfomer keyboard/dock one way , with the screen closed against the keyboard when folded shut .
on sd card stored only application data , but some parts of applications are always stored on phone , so recovery is impossible - only reinstall .
from what i can tell , it looks like motorola is not offering that at launch but will try to support it in future upgrades : official motorola faq unless i am reading that wrong .
if it is a miui theme it will be compatible , but i highly recommend you to use the themes app that comes built-in your miui rom .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
i am in the same boat man . . all my research has led me to needing to jtag . i ordered the download jig , new battery and charger . tried on several systems including xp to no avail . i will be sending it into mobiletechrepairs on account of i am sending in an old phone to cover the cost so i might be out of pocket for shipping . wish i was able to find someone local but most phone repair shops do not know what jtag is ! i will let you know the turn around time and what condition my phone gets returned in . good luck .
if you bricked it with a simple bad bootloader/modem flash you can use the method outlined here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2660566 and see if it works for you , i have had it work on a bunch of phones that i have recommended its use on . download the image that corresponds to your phone from here : https://drive.google.com/folderview?...xmusp=sharing then use a disk imager to " burn " the image to a 16 or 32gb class 10 sd card . remove the battery on the phone , put the sd card in and then reinsert the battery . press the power button until you feel vibration ( this may take upwards of 15 seconds ) and then either it will boot normally , or you will need to boot into odin mode and flash a stock image
wget should work , and can be installed to android if it is not already there . http://www.gnu.org/software/wget/manual/wget.html just use it in a terminal emulator .
do as follows : go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Downloads ( in All Tab ) -&gt;clear data and cache .
long press on one of the entries to bring up the select menu . click on each one of the files and press the trash icon in the upper right corner . the entries will be removed from the list but the files will remain in the download folder . too bad there is no ' select all ' button .
did you have a look at applications such as kioware and surelock kiosk lockdown ? these seem to be able to put your device to a kiosk environment . im certain there are more alternatives for this purpose out there . another option would be to implement your own home screen application . this answer from stackoverflow might help with that . cheers !
for a solution like a kiosk you would use dev hardware where you have full access to the hardware ( jtag for example ) and then you would push your own android build with root access enabled and then push the rom to the dev board . that said , for a kiosk type deployment you would not want root access available . therefore when you push your rom root would not be enabled . i think your confusing root access and an unlocked bootloader . by a dev board and learn how to build your own roms . : )
as other posts have mentioned , the sqlite3 binary is typically used via adb from your pc . if all you want to do is manage sqlite dbs locally , then i have found the free app asqlitemanager very useful . in addition to a simple gui for managing and viewing data , it allows running of arbitrary queries .
superoneclick actually has a copy of the binary . it lives in the Dependencies folder , and according to one poster on stack overflow , it works when pushed onto your device ( i assume it must work on most devices since superoneclick uses it ) .
a little complicated process i will suggest , because i am not aware of other ways : ) , get the android source code , compile it , in the output directory you will get sqlite3 binary , then push it to your phone 's /system/bin/
your best bet would be to use adb and pull it off the emulator , or pull it from another rom . you will then have to put it on your device , but you will have to have root to put it in the directory with the other binaries . sqlite3 does not come on most of the devices , i think it only comes on the dev phones , like adp1/adp2 , nexus one/nexus s . i know it is not on the samsung galaxy s devices such as the vibrant ( i am guessing its on the nexus s ) .
pulling it off of the emulator will not work . i found a 1.6 binary here . that page details information on porting , so if the 1.6 binary does not work , you can try porting/compiling a new version .
via your desktop computer , go to the contacts section in gmail . click the more button and then restore contacts . you will be shown a dialog box where you can pick a particular time to restore to within the past 30 days . that should restore your contact data . after that just sync your device .
the solution is very simple , the problem is that the rom is just reading the phone contacts and you just have to delete a file ! caveat emptor your phone must be rooted go download an app called root explorer from play store launch root explorer go to this directory /data/data/com.android.contacts/shared_preferences then delete com.android.contacts_preferences.xml that is the first part done , remaining part is this , now , go into your contacts app via home screen or application drawer , tap on menu , then tap on import/export , then import all the contacts from sim to phone !
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
i usually sign up for an rss feed on the project 's website , and add the feed to a separate group in google reader . since i sync up with reader twice a day , when an update to an app i am following is available i know about it the same day . for sites that do not provide a native rss feed , there are some services that can generate an rss feed on-the-fly , like feed43 or feedbeater , for example .
try using atrackdog , pretty sure that'll be what you are looking for !
i show the setting under Settings | Wireless &amp; networks | More... | Cell broadcasts  with three options to choose from : show extreme threats show severe threats show amber alerts ( android 4.1.1 / galaxy nexus )
it is Settings-&gt;Call-&gt; *uncheck* Cell broadcast -&gt; *click* OK to the confirmation question .
you might be able to use an automating app like ifttt or automateit , etc to tell your phone to take any contact you save to the phone and copy it to exchange . i have not found ifttt to be that good for anything other than automatic social sharing but i have not checked for what you want to do , and there are many others automating apps .
according to the manual of your phone , you can not set a default save location , but on page 49 , it is mentioned that if you use " people " , you are prompted to select the desired location for the new contact : from the home screen , tap " menu " > " people " . on the " all " tab , tap " add contact " . select the " contact type " , for example google or microsoft exchange activesync . this determines which account the contact will sync with . for more information , see “ways of getting contacts into your phone” in this chapter . in the name field , enter the first and last name of the contact , then tap ok . enter the contact information in the fields provided . press " back " if you want to close the onscreen keyboard first and easily scroll through the other fields . tap " save " .
samsung replaced the screen ( it was under warranty )
i would suggest a full wipe , maybe it is a glitch . otherwise it sounds like a hardware problem . by the way , i have understood that it is a bad idea to use a nandroid backup from another device since some device-specific information could be moved as well .
android updates are given three basic classifications : major , minor , security . ( i am looking for a source for this , but i have been unable to find it thus far . ) security upgrades , at least , are supposed to be part of the core code and have the least disruption to customizations the carrier and/or manufacturer have made . however , it is still up to the carrier and/or manufacturer to take the update and incorporate it into their particular flavor of the os . some are better at it than others .
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
you can change , first root your device . using file manager go to your root directory . open folder named " system " . in that open file named " build . prop " using text editor . search for option called lsd_display= ( after equals to enter your default dpi value and save the file . ) now reboot . done
all computers have a special piece of hardware called the clock ( more fully , the real-time clock or rtc ) . the clock is connected to the cpu , but it runs even when the computer is completely powered down . on a desktop computer , a battery on the motherboard keeps the clock running even when it is unplugged from the mains . mobile devices tend to have a large capacitor ( which is a bit like a rechargeable battery ) , so even if you pull the main battery out , the clock can continue to keep time for some hours . at regular intervals , the clock sends a signal to the cpu called an interrupt . it tells the cpu to interrupt whatever it is doing to process this signal . this is the same mechanism used by other parts of the computer ( such as the touch screen ) to send input to the cpu . the rate of the signals can be controlled by the kernel : it might be as slow as once per second , or as fast as a thousand times per second . this sounds like a lot of signals , but do not forget that today 's computers take a fraction of a nanosecond to do a single operation , so even a 1 khz clock only interrupts every few million operations . do not confuse the real-time clock with the cpu clock and the cpu 's clock rate , which are typically a few ghz . the cpu clock is not a timekeeping device : it sets the number of operations per second the cpu can perform , and is a big factor in how much power the cpu draws . on most cpus , the kernel can decrease the cpu clock rate , turn off some cpu cores , and maybe even power down some caches , all to reduce power consumption . this is what happens when your android device goes to sleep , but the exact changes are different from one phone to another . the cpu is still running , just more slowly , and drawing less power . as izzy points out , if the phone uses arm 's big . little system , it might even be a completely different cpu core that runs in sleep mode : a slower one tuned for low power consumption . consider , then , that the rtc is still running in sleep mode , and the cpu is still receiving and processing clock interrupts . this is still necessary for the cpu to keep track of different processes and allocate time between them fairly . one of the processes is the system 's alarm manager . this has a sorted list of all the apps on the system that have registered an alarm . the alarm manager does not run continuously : rather , it tells the kernel when the first alarm is , and the interrupt handler for the clock interrupts is responsible for checking the time and waking up the alarm manager when appropriate . this way , the cpu only needs a few instructions per clock to compare the current time with the time of the next wake-up . in addition , the alarm manager has its own optimizations to keep the device asleep as much as possible . when several apps want to run at intervals ( e . g . to check email every 15 minutes ) , the alarm manager will not run them individually at the exact times they asked for , waking up the device several times over that 15 minute window . instead , it will run all of them at the same time , so the device only needs to wake up once . on top of that , many alarms will not run at all if the device is asleep . for example , if an app wants to run every hour to change your home screen background , there is no point in doing that while the device is asleep , because you can not see it . it will tell the alarm manager that it does not need to wake up the device to run , so the alarm manager will ignore that alarm when telling the kernel when it needs to run . that way , if the device is asleep when the time comes , the alarm will only happen when the device next wakes up .
with on-board methods : you could go to settings→data usage and setup and restrict " background data " for all apps . for this , you would first need to setup some ( fake ) limit of monthly data ( 5 tb is fine ; you just need to set simething here ) . then you can tap each app and activate the check-mark to " restrict background data " . alternatively , you can pick some automation app such as tasker or llama , and have it disabling background data altogether whenever you are not on wifi , and re-enable it whenever you are on wifi . much easier to setup ( as you would not have to care for each app separately , and remember that whenever a new app is installed ) . if you want to disable mobile data altogether , this again can be done via setup→network , for mobile data and wifi separately . so you could just re-enable it manually whenever you need it ; disabling mobile data has no effect on wifi , so you would not need to permanently switch back and forth . of course , those automation apps could take care for that as well ; )
all i know is to use odin on windows . if heimdall does not work , you will have no chance from osx . but there might be one solution : unpack your umage until you have a recovery . img file . put it on your rooted device . in the device shell as root type if=/pathtorecoverymimg of=/dev/block/platform/ , , , , , /by-name/recovery sync , reboot to do a backup of the partition first is always a good idea . just do it the other way round to get a backup in a file . some devices automatically restore recovery on boot . try to reboot directly into recovery ( eventually disable automated recovery recovery using cwm recovery : )
if you are using ics or jelly bean , there is a free app called bluetooth auto connect that will automatically connect to devices you specify . from the looks of it , it was designed because some devices do not auto connect to any bluetooth devices ( let alone two ) . it will likely work for your phone as well , if you are running android 4 .
without doing any research about it at all , this sounds like something that is right up winamp ' s alley . i know it supports streaming audio , but streaming video might be a different matter . edit : also , this guy suggests renaming . m3u8 files to . m3u as . m3u has wider support in apps . perhaps save the . m3u8 file you want from the web , rename the extension , and play it that way ?
i think vplayer can stream it for you . they have a free trial but after the trial it is like 4usd to unlock the full version .
m3u8 is the unicode version of m3u , which is simply a playlist file , providing a media player a list of media files to play . open it up in a text editor and you will see from the contents . it is a very simple format and most media players will pick it up . the default media player included in the android os uses m3u for its internal playlists . more info here . i suspect that is not what you are asking though , since you mentioned streaming . you do not " play " an m3u file , you play the content it refers to within . your best chance of success is to open the m3u [ 8 ] file on your pc and look at the actual video content url ( s ) and try to load one directly in your media player of choice . if that does not work , ask back here but provide the media url so we can attempt to work out its format . if you do find the underlying video stream format , this handy reference lists the supported stream types .
as of now , i have not seen or heard of anything free . you have already mentioned the closest alternatives in your question -- google docs or documents to go/quickoffice . something we may see in 2012 ( but possibly later ) is libreoffice on android . they are looking at creating both cloud-based and local mobile implementations . if these come to fruition , they will really kickstart the market for office suites on portables .
many phones , like mine , are having an issue where the phone " thinks " a headset is plugged when it is not ( or vice versa ) . this can cause the phone to shut off one of all of the speakers and possibly the microphone as well . this basically renders the phone useless as a phone . i created an app named soundabout that will detect when a headset is plugged in or out . the first time it will warn you and let you know that if you did not plug a headset in that there could be an issue . to combat this , go into soundabout , click on " headset behavior " , and un-check the " wired headset detection " setting . then reboot the phone to clear out any queued headset intents .
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
you need to install a custom recovery , which can back up your original rom so you can restore it later . the clockworkmod recovery is generally considered the best , there is a build of it with instructions for the zte racer at modaco .
perhaps this was the problem ? ( from the forum thread you posted ) : originally posted by prbgd i am totally confused now . i just got confirmation from asus a few days ago . the tech person there said the gps ( us model ) will not work if there is no wifi . this is a firmware issue . it may be fixed in next firmware update . update : after the latest firmware upgrade today , gps is working great now even without wifi . if that was not the problem : sometimes when i use my android device without cell signal it can take quite a while to get a gps fix . i think it might be a combination of it using cell towers to improve gps fix time , and having a connection to the internet to download gps assistance data . if you do have an internet connection when you are trying to get a gps fix , the gps status and toolbox app will let you download gps assistance data , which could possibly improve your fix time . just install the app , open it up , go to menu --> tools --> manage a-gps state --> download .
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
2.2.1 was the big lag fix release on the galaxy s , that made a huge difference to the device 's speed compared to the previous 2.1 and 2.2 releases . to me , the gingerbread 2.3.3 feels very much the same to me as 2.2.1 did .
although they did not change the file system , they did make improvements and i am personally noticing significantly less lag on 2.3.3 coming from 2.2 .
from techie-buzz . com : [ o ] ne major disappointment with this firmware is that it still uses the rfs file system . the rfs fs is the major culprit behind all the lags and stalling issues which majority of the galaxy s owners face . if you want to fix your lag i recommend an ext4 lagfix . if you flash a kernel such as voodoo with odin , you do not even need to root first ( note that flashing it will void your warranty anyways though ) . this guide describes the process for an android 2.3.4 kernel for the sgs gt-i9000 . i use voodoo on my sgs vibrant and it is awesome .
i ended up using the backup verification codes . the backup methods are the only way to get back into your account if you have damaged your phone .
goto security tab of your google account settings and disable 2-step verification . then install the authenticator app now you can re-enable 2 step verification which should work normally .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
you do not need to back up the google authenticator app/data as you can create a list of ' backup codes ' which you can use to log in without requiring a authentication code on the same page that you configure 2-step authentication . why print or download backup codes ? backup codes are especially useful for people who travel , have problems receiving sms or voice calls , or cannot use the google authenticator mobile app . recommendation : you should print or download backup codes store these in a safe place ( or print them out ) and if you lose your phone you can use one of these codes to log into your account and set up a new device with the authenticator app . whilst this applies to google 's 2-step-authentication , any other sites you have configured to use the google authenticator app should offer a similar option , or another way to receive codes ( e . g . facebook supports google authenticator , their own app and sms as methods to receive codes ) .
try authenticator plus , it supports backup/restore functionality with sync across devices , if you have a phone/tablet , this app syncs all accounts between them flawlessly . it has logos support too
titanium backup ( link to google play store ) will backup any android app , including google authenticator . however , you must root your phone for this to be a viable option . i would also recommend printing the google backup codes too . this is not quite backing up the google authenticator app , but they would allow you to reset the authenticator if necessary . this would only help for regaining access to your google account though . backing up the app with titanium backup is the most complete option , in my opinion . it is saved me on a number of occasions .
i figured it out . if you navigate to this page , and tick the receive text messages on this phone box all texts to google voice will be forwarded to your phone via sms . this generates a new number for each of your contacts that will travel between google voice before delivery , making it so you will always show as your google voice number to friends , even if you are outside of wifi . so just need to save the new number for each contact and be sure to text that instead of their actual number and it works perfect . more info here .
if you did not already have your bootloader unlocked and tools in place to reload the android operating system ( ie , roms or disk images ) , i strongly suspected you are completely screwed .
if you are happy with a solution that you can use on a pc , then superuser . com has this : how do i convert an animated gif to a youtube friendly video format ? for an on-android solution , none of the video coverters specifically mention this but as the ffmpeg library does support this ( as seen in the superuser answer ) , apps like video converter android or media converter and so on , being ffmpeg based , should be able to do it .
you can use this online tool to convert it : http://www.giftovideo.com/ regarding tools , you could use ffmpeg + imagemagick , but it is kind of tricky finding the correct options . there is some instructions here . i tried but some of the cases did not work .
this is not possible at the moment ( but maybe in the near future ) . reason : google maps data is stored as raster image tiles without any meta information ( street vectors , streetnames , interceptions and so on ) besides the geolocation per tile . this means routes cannot even be calculated offline even if someone wants to . maps is deliberatly an online service , google wants you to be " connected " . you have to either buy one of the many pro routing apps ( from navigon , copilot or others ) or use one of the open street map apps that also provide offline routing ( i really like osmand+ or osmand free ) . see also open street maps wiki for more apps and info .
same phone . never had this happen to me . using a custom rom though . broodrom business edition . i would recommend upgrading your system or flashing a custom rom .
i realized last night that since i have 2 factor auth enabled for my account , i might have to generate a new application-specific password in my google account settings . i generated a new one and successfully synced with my new email using it .
i am afraid that is something the android system does not provide by default . but you might take a look at e.g. zakus wifi profiles , which lets you create profiles by access point ( android itself has only global settings here , which would apply to all wifi aps you connect to ) : as i never used this myself , i am not sure whether it only deals with static ips , or can handle dhcp with special settings as well . the app description does not explicitly state this . alternatively , ip manager might prove helpful . it says to manage different ip profiles for different access points , but unfortunately gives no closer details ( and the screenshots do not tell that much ) . still worth a try , as it sounds promising .
believe it or not , the device is already rooted , and it is not documented anywhere . i do not think that starting it in recovery mode for an odd number of times activates/deactivates root , so i just believe the system carries su on its own . if my unit of measure of " rooting " is ad-freeness then i simply tried to run adfree from the device . no superuser warning appeared but adfree not even did not complain about absence of root , but updated the hosts file ! ! and the device was completely ad-free . i also tried to install es file manager , and found this magic file : /system/xbin/su
the flash memory in the device may have died . this would cause any data on the chip ( the /data chip ) to not be picked up by the system , so it assumes that it is coming fresh out of a box . this means that the chip ( s ) in the device may have used all of their write cycles . this is the reason ssds are not used for their reliability . all flash chips ( thumbdrives , ssds , anything with a size of two to the power of x ( 2,4,8,16 . . . ) that is not ram . . . ) have a limited number of possible write-erase cycles . in most cases , this is unfixable other than replacing the chip . and in your case ( if this is indeed your problem ) this essentially is terminal . limiting writes to the chip ( do not update apps , install-remove apps etc . . . ) is the only way to slow this process . . . . for the last couple of years . . . in your situation this can be caused by general usage , esp , over this time period . my eeepc 's ssd did not last a year . although , this could be something completely different , i am just going by inferences as i could not see anything on google .
i try to not read this as " is there an app . . . " , as that would be off-topic according to our guidelines ( see what topics can i ask about here ? for details ) . so apart from looking for a different app to save some peanuts , you could live with the ads ( according to its description , the app is available for free with ads ; there is no note to the cloud feature being restricted to payment , neither does the related description on the product 's webpage , nor the faq on how can i synchronize my devices mention that ) . according to krampus ' comment below , the cloud functionality seems to be restricted to " premium users " indeed , though none of the material cited says so alternatively , there is the possibility to utilize a synchronized calendar ( like the google calendar ) for that : create an event , which then is synchronized across your devices . so the alert should trigger on all of them .
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
use a synchronization tool like e.g. foldersync , which should take care for timestamps accordingly . synchronization tools should be specialized in handling all aspects of really maintaining synchronous copies -- including time stamps , of course .
check the exif data and see if there is a timestamp there . if there is , photo date correction will allow you to overwrite the botched file timestamp with the exif one , giving you back your proper sorting .
this is a question which really trouble me a lot when come across with devices which only have mtp but not the mass storage mode . i also have concerns about it with exactly the same reasons with mahn . after some testing , i have find a temp solution which maybe able to preserve the timestamp . it makes use of the excternal sdcard / otg card reader and also the cp command with -a the timestamp will be able to preserve . but the requirement is the phone need to be rooted . first copy the data to sdcard . read it with memory card slot / otg card reader use adb shell and acquire root permission ( su ) cp -a * the data from card to internal memory .
i have nexus 4 and had the same issue with timestamp and photos ( indeed all the files ) . here are the command lines ( with a rooted phone ) i used thanks to this post ( on ubuntu ) : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb ( on ubuntu if android sdk is not installed ) adb devices cd /media/my_backup_folder_where_i_put_a_folder_with_all_my_data_named_"savandroid"_in_it in order to go in my folder " backup " witch contain the folder " savandroid " adb root adb push savandroid /sdcard all files and folder that are in " saveandroid " are sent to sdcard worked nicely with all timestamp correct ! tips : on cyamogenmod i had to select root for " apps and adb " in developers menue by default it is only set on apps
i have the exact same issue . it seems that it is being blocked by fuse on the nexus 4 running stock jellybean 4.2.1 . that info was taken via an adb shell session ; i presume that fuse will be in the mix for all app-level accounts . tl ; dr from the looks of it , it can not be done without rooting the phone .
preserving date modified on nexus device --- no root needed --- from android to pc : use mtp from pc to android : use droid explorer cheers . . : ) it preserve date modified . i dont know how droid explorer does it . but it just works . make sure usb debuging checked before use droid explorer . um . . there is one limitation though . . droid explorer only can transfer files , not folders . with droid explorer , copy files into android phone on some specific folder then with file manager inside android , move those files into folder we want , do not use copy because copy will alter date modified while cut does not .
my solution to preserve modification date during file copy on android device with mtp : tested on lg g2 stock ( without root ) , andorid 4.4.2 and htc one m7 , andorid 4.4.2: network share of the folder to copy on the computer ( win 8 ) use syncme wireless to copy files from computer to device as far as i can see , the modification dates are fully preserved !
you can not , this is a current permission problem ( bugreport here ) of android 4.0+ 's /sdcard folder if it is not using fat32 ( but fuse ) . reason : there is a transition away from fat32 to unified user storage for both apps and media data ( using ext4 ) on a single file system . we got tired of seeing oems include many gb of internal storage for music , while users were still running out of space for apps and data . this approach lets us merge everything on one volume , which is way better . -- dan morrill , android engineer at google the old fat32 properties are emulated using a fuse layer to be compatible with existing apps . also : /data/ and /sdcard on google devices starting with the nexus 7 use a single partition only ( /data/media represents the " sdcard " content and is exposed using the fuse layer to apps ) . here 's cyanogenmod 's implementation of the fuse driver if you are interested in seeing the source . looks like setting timestamp attributes is implemented , though . edit : it only works with root . exact reason : all files are owned by root . sdcard_rw ( see here ) . a caller withouth uid=0 can not call the utimensat ( ) syscall , it fails in the vfs layer already ( eperm ) for timestamps other than current : the caller 's effective user id must match the owner of the file ; or the caller must have appropriate privileges . to make any change other than setting both timestamps to the current time ( i.e. . , times is not null , and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_now and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_omit ) , either condition 2 or 3 above must apply .
backup solution using " sandisk memory zone " to preserve timestamp date . copy/moving files from android device to external sdcard - tested on samsung note 2 , note 3 and mini siii just backup your photo files to sdcard and move the card to other android , pc , apple or other device - if not used to backup your photo files , follow this simple 8 steeps instructions " search on google play and install " sandisk memory zone " . start the app and wait for index file to finish . select backup/restore and change or mark settings . select memory card destination and what to backup ( contacts , sms , photos , music , etc ) . verify required and available capacity , and go on continue botton . wait for the backup to complet . now you have a copy of the files in your sdcard on " . memoryzone_backup/files/1" now you can move your sd card files like photos to your windows , linux or other android device preserving original timestamp .
you cannot select which contacts to sync , but you can limit which groups are visible in the contacts/dialer apps : in the contacts app go to Menu -&gt; Display options . under the " choose contacts to display " section , tap on the arrow next to your gmail account to expand it . uncheck all groups except " system group : my contacts " and tap the " done " button . now only the selected contacts should be displayed . [ edit ] found the official motorola video on youtube talking about their contacts app . at the 1:00 mark they start talking about managing groups . it sounds like you should be able to create a new group and assign your contacts there , and then select to display only that particular group . give that a shot .
so what i have discovered so far . . . android does not have this functionality yet and you will need to install a 3rd party app to get this . an app that i found works is ' swift contacts ' . whats nice is i am able to type the name of the person right in the ' to:' field and it does a lookup and completes the email address . the only problem is i think this app will stop working after a period of time if you dont pay for it . are there any free alternatives ?
when you plug your phone into a pc , or other device that communicates with the phone , the phone uses a usb " data mode " , so to speak . in this mode , there is a 500ma maximum draw from the usb port . when you plug your phone into a regular ac wall charger , there is no data connection . the phone then uses whatever amperage is supported by both the phone and charger ( typically between 500ma and 2.1amps ) there are usb charging cables that have the data pins re-wired to disable a data connection . this makes the phone think it is plugged into a regular ac charger , and allow more than 500ma to flow . that does not mean the usb port has more than 500ma to begin with . typically , usb ports on pcs have 500ma , or usb 3.0 ports may have 900ma . theoretically this is safe because it is just disabling a data connection . it is not using more power than it should . phone 's are designed not to accept more amps than it can handle . there are also apps that allow for fast charging by forcing the phone into using the ac charging mode instead of data . however you still need a compatible kernel or it will not work . ( for standard users , changing the kernel is a complicated and risky procedure . ) please note that there are reported cases of people 's phones not supporting regular data modes after attempting to activate fast charge via an app ( notably the nexus 4 ) .
you could make use of the condition state&rarr ; bluetooth connected : the device is connected to another device via bluetooth . if either of name or address are specified , they must match a connected device . connections to non-paired devices ( e . g . while pairing is taking place ) are ignored . warning : tasker can not directly detect when a bt device is connected , only when a connection or disconnection is made . as for the task , take a look at music play : play a sound file from the sd card . file is the path to the file on the sd card e.g. music/wow . mp3 alternatively : notify sound : show a notification on the top bar and play a sound . the specified title will appear on the bar initially . notifications with a particular ( non-empty ) title replace existing ones with that title . when the notification area is pulled down , the specified text will be visible . or notify vibrate , play ringtone , say ( synthesize the given text into speech ) . . . trying a raw thing ( i did not test this ) : condition : state→bluetooth connected ( specify the parameters ) task : say " you are connected now . " for more information , you might want to take a look at the user manual . also check the tasker homepage itself for more guides , faq , how-tos , etc . moreover , the wiki contains a lot of ready profiles , step-throughs , and more .
yes , try the drivers . this post looks like it contains a link to a package with drivers . try installing the drivers from the android sdk if the above does not work and you can not find anything more official .
even if the other ap connected , you will lose your call . when you switch access points , you are going to drop the wi-fi call . the device may have a hard time figuring out if it should switch to ap2 because it is still connected to ap1 and it can still see ap1 . if the signals overlap , it will connect to the strongest one at the time , if it is already connected , it will not attempt to connect to another ap until it is no longer connected . once you go completely out of range of ap1 , the device scans and sees ap2 , then it connects . it does not matter how " strong " the signal is for another ap , if you are connected , it will not see another ap . then once you disconnect , the device needs to go in to " scan " mode . if your router supports it , you could turn down the power of the ap so they do not overlap ( or if they do , it is only slightly ) . but then again , if your router supports that , you could also increase the power so you do not need the second ap .
you could try cyanogenmod 9 ( there is a release candidate now ) : cm9 has support for the motorola xoom ( wifi ) , and the motorola xoom ( verizon ) at this point . here 's cyanogenmod 's update guide from their wiki for the xoom . you have to backup your device in advance , of course ( using titaniumbackup for example ) .
the path i have taken is to install wingray . this is a build of cm9 ( android 4 . x ics ) specifically for the xoom table . so i got to go strait to ics and keep root . just had to re-flash with this image !
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
rather than putting it in your pocket , place it next to your laptop with the screen on . then you can see if your hotspot is cutting out , or maybe your 3g is cutting out . i imagine there is a threshold of where you need a certain strength of 3g signal to operate a hotspot .
of course i would figure this out just after asking the question : you can view the application details in landscape mode by first selecting the application in the left-side panel , then clicking the larger application icon or title in the right-side pane .
the adb can connect to an android device only if " usb debugging " is enabled in settings-> applications-> development . if this setting is disabled and a password lock is set for unlocking the device , there should be no worries . also there are many apps such ' lookout ' which provide the ability to remotely wipe data from a phone if it gets stolen .
you may want to try this simple app .
why ? it is general safest to odin to stock ( if necessary ) , root and flash clockworkmod , and then flash cyanogenmod through recovery . that said , yes it is possible ; you had need to unpack and repack the images in the correct format and bundle them in a . tar laid out as odin/heimdall expects . something similar to this in reverse . i have not had any luck myself with interpreting the image format used by samsung ; any tools i have found do not quite seem to work . it depends on your particular device however . edit : it seems we are still talking at cross purposes . in addition to the odin tarfiles , heimdall can flash slightly different compressed tarfiles and the post you linked links to instructions on how to have heimdall create those . however the main problem is still getting the images into the correct format , everything is easy after that . that cyanogenmod package contains the /system partition contents in just a plain folder ; you had need to package them into a factoryfs.rfs . i know one of the ways this has been done before is via flashing the package via clockworkmod and then using dd to dump the partition ( s ) to a file . there are general guides to that here and here . on the other hand cyanogenmod might be sticking with ext4 filesystems for samsung devices rather than rfs , in which case it would be easier to create an image directly from the files . however , i am not sure whether heimdall would be able to flash an ext4 image properly . i would probably ask the heimdall developer in that case .
i have it for a week , and i believe i have managed to test most of its functions . wifi works , bt works , bouth sims works perfectly , camera 2.0mpix , flash works , market works , better to charge in external charger because small nokia or usb cable ( samsung ) not always works . g sensors works ( labyrinth ) . too slow for abduction or nfs . you can chose use gprs from sim1 , sim2 ar non of them . without microsd it is useless . tv ( analog ) works . generay its too slow for games , but seems a good phone .
no , there is still no dual-sim or multi-sim support in android itself . there is nothing to stop manufacturers extending their rom to support two or more sim cards , and several have done this . there are some phones where you have to reboot to switch sims , like in the old days with dumbphones , and some phones , such as this one , where you can actually be on standby on two networks at once . the only limitation is that third-party apps ( such as dialers you download from google play ) can only see one of the sim cards - because that is all the standard android framework can expose .
a3000 is a real dual standby android phone . it allows selecting a sim when you call or send an sms . and also you receive calls to any sim . when you talk to one sim , the second shows busy too . i have just got this phone ( this morning ) from alibaba . com and now i am testing it . hello from siberia : )
it is the data that is eating up most of the space , at least on my lenovo p780 . the good news is that the latest version of link2sd allows you to also move data files to the memory card . the bad news is that if you were already using link2sd with a second partition formatted as fat32 , then you will need to reformat that partition to a non-fat file system ( ext2 , ext3 , ext4 , or f2fs ) . before you do this , you will need to back up both partitions of your memory card . if you are using windows , especially 64-bit windows , then it is a bit of a pain since windows can only access the first active partition on a memory card ( or usb stick ) . you have a few options here , none of them very exciting . after some digging , i finally came upon a solution on this forum that did not involve a lot of headaches : zeno 's wasp app allows you to quickly make the second partition as " active " so that it can be read by windows . you can download the app from here : http://www.zenoshrdlu.com/wasp/wasp.html
the best decision so far is : download sqlite database editor . ( root is required ! ) go to " application databases " choose : internet ( with icon of earth and small script com . android . browser /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db choose from tables - " password " press select* enjoy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there is no functionality to view saved passwords included in the stock browser . the only method for retrieving passwords saved in the stock browser is to open the webview.db file ( it is an sqlite database ) in /data/data/com.android.browser and look at the password table ( it is stored in the clear , no encryption or anything ) , but that requires root .
you cannot use a keyboard and/or mouse with android . this is not supported unless you have android 3.1 or later . that is the first version that supports usb host mode . for " normal " usb devices , if your device does not support them , you will probably need a microusb -> usb adapter , or a miniusb -> usb adapter .
you would better off getting a pair of usb headphones than streaming it to your phone .
i have not found a good solution for this to work over usb , but i have gotten it to work over wifi as well , with a much cheaper ( free , or $3.99 if you want network compression ) option with soundwire than the airfoil solution in mannii88 's video .
this video may help . it is through wifi . if you have connected through usb or something else , you can play media files through your handset . there are apps for that . but , since you are asking for every computer sound , guess , you can do that only through wifi . hope that youtube video helps ! thanks ! vote , if you find this helpful . :- )
the builtin browser will probably show you a touch-optimized version of facebook . you can try to get rid of it by changing the user agent string . see this question for more info on that . edit : also , if the games require click-and-drag , this will not work on a touch screen .
i tryed to use facebook games with the built-in browser and some other browsers like ff , miren , etc . . . sometimes they work in one browser , sometimes not . this seems to be dependant of the game you want to play . it is to say that ff does not support flash so far . i had no problems playing backyard monsters in standard browser until the last update of backyard monsters ( except it had laggy graphics ) , now no installed browser works . freefarmgame is running in miren only . not tested any other so far , that are the only games i play .
try link bubble : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.linkbubble.playstore if i decide i am done reading , i share the links i have opened to pocket so i can read them later . pocket : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ideashower.readitlater.pro
if you already have a google account i recommend you google keep ( http://drive.google.com/keep ) . it is fast and does not require to download anything ( just the app on mobile devices ) , it is all in the cloud . you can save the links in a note and open them later . all your notes are synched across your devices . you can also share content to and from keep to store your links and stuff .
maybe you do not need to get away from tabs , you just need your browser to not crash . i just did a quick stress test of firefox for android , and got to 72 tabs before encountering any issues on my nexus 4 . it might be that it can better handle your workflow than chrome can .
some usb cables do not include the data wires as they are only meant for charging . check if other devices work with this cable , and try another cable . also , if the cable is sure to work , take a look at my computer -> right click -> manage -> device manager and see if you can find your phone there and try upgrading the driver from there .
just got to settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging and confirm that usb debugging is disabled . that is it . now your phone will connect to pc perfect .
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
quite easy : find / starts exploring at the file system root ( i.e. . the very top ) . so it comes to places you have no access to as normal user , and runs into permission issues . it sees a directory called /proc/19619 and , knowing this is a directory , wants to traverse into it . but it is not permitted to ( most likely the permission of that directory is something like drwxr--r-- , so everybody can see ( "r"ead ) it – but only its owner can change into ( execute ) ) . so your find sees it , but can not dive into it . as you have been running this command as root , permission problems should not be the issue . but taking a look at the directory in question pops up a different answer : /proc is storing process information . below this top-level dir , directories are created using the pid of running processes . so /proc/19619 stores information on process 19619 . most likely your find was seeing that directory , and at the same moment that process ended ; so when find finally wanted to dive into , it was gone : No such file or directory ( not anymore ) .
check out this application to know whether it has camera/hardware problem - system info droid it provides whole summary of the device .
under tools there should be a MessageSave command that will allow you to export your contacts to a . vcf file , which you can put on your sd card and import from the contacts application on your phone . this is a link to doing the same thing with the goal of exporting for mac devices , but should work the same , and this is a detailed step by step to bulk export to a single vcard . both should do the same thing , and both should get your contacts to your android phone !
the process is pretty straight-forward . in outlook , export your contacts into a coma-delimited text file ( . csv ) . depending on the version of ms outlook you are running , the location of this feature may be under a different menu item . open up a browser , go to gmail and login with the same google account you use on your android phone . click on the " contacts " link , then click on the " more actions " button and select the " import " option . now navigate to wherever you have saved the csv file from step 1 and select it . after the import process completed , your gmail account should now have all of your outlook contacts . on your android phone ensure that your google account is set to synchronize the contacts by going to menu -> settings -> accounts and sync , selecting your google account and ensuring that there is a checkmark next to " contacts " . also make sure you are allowing background data and auto-sync on the previous screen . again tap on your google account and un-check/re-check the box next to " contacts " to force an immediate sync . wait several minutes and check the contacts app - all of your exported contacts from outlook should now be on your phone . keep in mind that this is a one-time , one-way sync . if you want to have any changes you make in outlook to automatically sync to your android phone , you will need a 3rd-party application on your windows machine that will auto-upload your changes to your google account .
go contact sync will sync your contacts between your outlook and your google account . your android device will then sync with your google account and everything will be in sync . you can probably find tools to sync your calendar as well , if you wanted to .
you can manually download the photo and in your contact manager click the placeholder for photo and chose that file . as far as automatically importing , your phone can not figure out which " john smith " is the " john smith " you want from the list of " john smiths " . the default contact manager can not do this .
you first priority is probably to clean-up downloaded files , cached files , old apf ( installation ) files to give yourself more room and operate more efficiently . you can clear cache individual applications through settings > applications > clear cache . use any file explorer to remove files no longer needed or no longer wanted from your downloads . each browser normally has its own downloads folder . " sd maid " includes a file explorer if you do not already have a separate application . you can clear cache files much quicker by installing " clean master " get rid of " junk files " such as cached files " sd maid " . some items within are " overview " help to see what you are working with . " corpslefinder " find and delete files sd maid believes belong to your old/deleted applications " appcleaner " is a premium feature so you can use " clean master " to get rid of cached files , would need to mount your removable sd card , and once mounted , you would have to unmount the card before you physically remove your card . settings > storage > external sd card > mount/unmount sd card . you have to set default storage individually per application . some applications would slow down everything if they used your removable sd card storage , such as " play store " , and applications that start at startup . to move an application to your sd card : settings > applications > choose application > " move to sd card " to choose applications : settings > applications > on sd card http://www.tomshardware.com/faq/id-1772970/set-default-download-location-card.html http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-galaxy-s-ii/137116-can-i-set-external-sd-card-default-media-storage.html
open instagram . . . then go to " edit your profile " and then delete your mobile number from your profile . . . hope it helps . .
i had this same issue . turning off all notifications in instagram did not help - this is actually a twitter notification from following instagram on twitter .
just text " stop " to the number sending you those annoying messages . worked for me !
if you are following instagram on twitter , either unfollow them , or " turn off " text notifications on twitter
a rom that is designed to run on an rk2918 will not run on any rk2918 chipset . the rom still needs to be built for your device specifically . check xda-developers for a rom for your tablet .
i confirm it will attempt to connect all the time and drain battery in half a day in my case . to solve it you should untick the data in the network settings and check that gprs/edge/hspda icon is not visible on top next to the signal strength bars . but at least apndroid ( or manually modify the apn name ) will prevent any connection and any extra charge during roaming session .
tree command is not instaled by default . i do not know how to install it in android via terminal but you could allways use the ls command , but yes it does not show you a tree format that it is easy to understand , but still does the job . ls -d */  only list the directories in the current directory . ls -ltr  list all files by the time they were last modified in reverse order . in other words the last files listed are the most recently modified files . i will try and find a way to install the tree package . if i find something i will let you know . also install busybox to have more unix command avaible . reference
tree  is not even installed on ubuntu by default . that said , you can install busybox on non cyanogenmod roms that lack common utilites . ymmv , but on most " stock " roms seem to lack the utilities . afaik busybox does not include tree . always do a backup first !
when google cloud messaging receives a message from google , it sends a broadcast to the related app . the app can receive this broadcast even if no service was running , and it can respond by starting a service , or by creating a notification from within the broadcast receiver itself . part of the android developers ' documentation explains the process step-by-step . there is a lot of detail there that you only need to know to write an app that uses google cloud messaging , but it might help satisfy your curiosity .
it does not seem unusual to me that an app that commercially depends on tracking its users would send you to a website to track and count you , and then have that site redirect you to the real store page . if you do not trust them not to misuse this tracking data , do not use the app .
i just figured it out , very easy . the android market is now called " play store " by google , and is listed under " p " in your phone ( not " g " for google play store ) . just go into all your apps , go down to " p " and long hold the " play store " icon to get it to your home screen . this icon looks like a white shopping bag with handles and a blue , red and tan diamond/pyramid figure on the front . good luck and have a great day .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
my android market icon dissapeared when i clicked on it yesterday on 2.2 i just read today in the news that google changed the name from android market to google play to get more customers focused on its videos and books . i found a brand new icon in the second apps location on my phone . it is called google play not called android market any longer . all you do is click accept and use . . . . .
it is a built-in app and can not be uninstalled . to restore the icon to the home screen , find the icon in the application list and long-press , then drop it where you want it . alternately , long-press the home screen where you want the icon to be , choose " shortcuts " , then " applications " , then the " market " icon . update : okay , it appears that you are not the only one with this issue . see this thread on the google support forum : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android%20market/thread?tid=3322620a3c715568hl=en one offered solution is to do a factory reset . it is up to you to decide how comfortable you are with that . update 2 : several people in this thread said that the factory reset worked for them . additionally , someone wrote a script ( also in that thread ) to fix the issue , which you would need to get on the phone . ( usb would seem to be your best bet . ) caveat emptor . someone also mentioned that if you get the vendor . apk you can also get the market back . ( details are a little fuzzier . )
if you are running stock android i believe you are going to have to do a factory reset . if you are rooted and running some custom mod , you can probably just install the googleapps . apk or reflash the rom .
normally you click the power button to select items . that is how my galaxy s works , anyways . edit : according to this , try using the send call button . and end call for cancel . or according to this , use the camera button . i guess it depends on what recovery you have installed . try selecting something that will not do any harm -- a further menu , for example . not " factory reset " :p
if you are use the same custom recovery , according to this , on p500 to select item you press menu button .
what type of system recovery do you have ? on my p500 everything is fine . in amonra recovery there are such bindings : volup/voldown - moving through menus back - previous menu level , cancel action menu - select menu item , approve action also i have noted that from some time back button does not work every time as i press it . i think it is hardware problem . maybe i need to disassemble phone and make it maintenance .
to see what the device thinks is your current location , you can simply open the pre-installed maps/navigation app ( if there is any ; usually google maps comes pre-installed ) . if there is none pre-installed , simply install one from the playstore . or check another gps tool like e.g. gps status and toolbox if you do not need a full-fledged " maps and navigation " app . as for the status icon : this will only show when gps is used ( and not only " available" ) , i.e. when some app is accessing gps to determine your current location . it has nothing to do with reception quality -- which , in case of gps , is rarely location-dependent , but rather depends on other conditions such as clouds , trees , high buildings ( all things which hinder the free view to the satellites ) .
as uri seems not to place it in an answer , i will do so -- to help other searchers see there is an answer ; ) as pointed out , there is a miui control panel , which should ship with most miui roms . if it is not included with yours , you will find it in an app called extended settings .
the eee pad transformer will use the battery of the dock to both power and charge the tablet so long as it is connected . you can see this when docked and on battery because the tablet shows its battery as " charging " . this gets the most use out of the tablet because when you undock it , it is most likely to have more charge than the dock . when docked and on the charger , i am fairly sure that both charge at the same time . however , i have not checked as my tf is docked most of the time . incidentally , if the dock 's battery goes flat , it gets its power from the tablet ( without trying to recharge its own battery ) .
in my case , i am on android 4.2.2 so things should not be changed much on your environment . however , what i do , from settings> application/apps i get my all applications installed on my device . so , if any application supports to be moved on to sd card , i can simply move it by pressing the application icon> move to sdcard . if it does not help . try using link2sd . this should do your job .
can you visit this link with your phone ? market://details?id=org.mozilla.firefox  also you must note that : firefox is available for android phones ( 2.0 and above ) and the nokia n900 . the official page of firefox mobile gives also a list of supported devices that have been tested .
what model/os/screen size do you have ? firefox is not supported on all platforms . for example , i can get it on my nook with gingerbread , but can not find it on my froyo ideos with a tiny screen .
go to settings , language and keyboard and see if there is another keyboard you can enable and use . if there is one , check the box to enable it . then go out and open something that requires text input like an text message . long click on the text field and choose input method . then change to the keyboard you just enabled . see if it has the microphone . if you only have one keyboard to enable you could try a third party one like swiftkey beta . i use it and it has a microphone option for speech input . plus the keyboard rocks with all kinds of great features .
the new ota update of android version 2.10.405.2 included a voice-to-text option on the keyboard . the microphone key is located on the left of the comma key . nb : i believe this update has only so far been released to unlocked htc phone users only . . . if your phone is locked to a network you must wait for your network to push the update .
well , there are some : list notifier widget lite notifier widget lite missed it !
you mean the antenna on in the internals of android handset , underneath the battery or nearby it ? if so - the short answer is no - am afraid ! the firmware and radio base-band is definitely off-limits , closed and proprietary .
done . no need to root . it is now an option in my app : powercall . let me know if you run into issues .
no . this app just removes the file " batterystats . bin " in the " data/system " directory . it has nothing to do with your battery life and also not the status indicator of your system . it only keeps the infos in the " battery usage " screen . it will also be resetted every time you connect to a power source . further information and sources : xda-developers and dianne hackborn ( google employee )
this may help : on my gn also running bb jb 4.1.1 if i want to silence it i will typically hold the volume control down until it gets into vibrate only mode . then i have to down again to turn that off . so even that is a two step process and it may just be the nature of the bugless beast . : )
an old question i know , but i have been able to use a verbatim store ' n ' go portable hdd with an otg cable without any power issue . the only disadvantage is that i can not power down the drive before removing it ( unlike on pc ) so i risk shortening the drive 's life . other than that , it is fine .
do i need a specific app ? my impression is that i need the nexus media importer , which is a paid app , but is that the only way ? some apps on google play have the ability to read usb otg data , however an app specifically made for the purpose would be better . which filesystems are supported ? most file systems that linux supports will be supported . can the nexus 10 deliver enough power through usb to use a portable hard drive , or does it only work with usb flash drives ? no , it cannot . it cannot as the micro-usb port would not be able to push out enough power , as well as the fact that the battery would drain very quickly if this were to happen . can i access the external usb drive without restrictions as if it was an sd card , or are there any additional restrictions ? you can access it like you would on your computer , through a file manager . the app you choose may restrict the access , however .
you would have to look at the pros and cons . pros of cloud backup off site backup ( you will keep your data if your house burns down ) cons of cloud backup make take a while to upload all of your data to the server make take a while to download the data again pros of dedicated backup app quick ( no upload ) quick and easy access ( on your sd card , so you can easily access it without an internet connection ) cons of dedicated backup app if your sd card breaks , you lose all the backups if there is a fire , you lose your backups if you lose your phone with the sd card in it , you lose both the phone and your backup you also have to bear in mind that my backup pro ( which you mentioned ) , has the ability to back up to the cloud as well as file backups . you can also set scheduled backups . with this in mind , i would say that a dedicated backup app would actually be better and easier than using a standard cloud service .
one more thing to keep in mind is privacy : while you mostly have control over your locally stored data , you cannot say the same for cloud services . for storing personal/sensitive information to the cloud , you should always consider encryption . a third option is to have your app creating backups on your sd card , and use another app ( e . g . foldersync ) automatically sync the backup directory to your local computer ( or nas device ) . this way you are a bit safer if your card breaks , and have more privacy . and you have both , a local and a remote backup -- plus even if you need the latter one , download is a bit faster as from the cloud . if you trust some cloud service , chances are also good that service is supported by foldersync as well .
i do not know about the htc one v specifically , but in my experience , the mic , stereo ouputs , and the single button answer/stop will work for both apple and ( most if not all ) android phones . but the volume up/down buttons will not work , even with an app such as headphone button controller ; it simply does not get detected . the problem arises when the marketing depts start using a word such as " compatible " , meaning a degree of compatibility , but not necessarily every function . so they feel ok saying an apple headphone is compatible , meaning just the audio works , or even the audio and the answer button . however , it is possible that the htc can somehow detect and use these extra two buttons , i suppose , but i would guess not .
no , it is not . file transfer can cause some cpu load but not nearly as much . and then high cpu load can heat up a phone but should not cause a thermal protection cutoff . the problem also happens when you move files with the file manager with the phone detached from the pc ?
use openwrt 10.03 or later . install the following modules : kmod-nls-base kmod-usb2 kmod-usb-core kmod-usb-net kmod-usb-net-cdc-ether kmod-usb-net-rndis kmod-usb-ohci kmod-usb-uhci  then edit /etc/config/network . under the wan configuration , change option ifname eth1 to option ifname usb0 . then enable usb tethering on the phone and reboot the router . this article has some information about how to get the configuration smoother so you do not need to reboot the router each time you want to tether . this article has a simpler way .
if something like that should happen , you can just get your carrier to " port " your phone number to a new sim card , and use that in the replacement/spare device . this is more or less the same process you use to transfer your number to a different carrier , but a lot simpler in this case . after all , they are the ones in control of what phone number goes with what sim . ask the carrier for a replacement sim and they should be happy to oblige .
you need to revert back to jellybean 4.1.1 to get the extra options under ( 6 ) network lock as far as i am aware . like you said there should be 3 other menu options under ( 6 ) network lock and they should appear after reverting back to 4.1.1 . you will need the 4.1.1 firmware for your current carrier and phone model and ( odin ) to flash the firmware . make sure you save the original firmware first , so if anything goes wrong with the firmware flash , you can revert back to the original firmware . hope this helps : )
the servicemenu ( sm ) is actually part of the modem firmware and what you see is the servicemode java wrapper . thus it is very dependent on the rom ( fw ) you are using and whether or not it is stock or custom . in addition the phone manufactures constantly like to change sm access codes , to prevent user from using it . in any case , there is absolutley no need to revert anything as hugoboss says , you just have to figure out how to find it . lately you may also have to enable certain files in the /efs/ directory ( requiring root ) .
the best way to 4.3 may be unrooting and flashing the stock recovery image . i used the nexus root toolkit 1.6.4 to install 4.3 on a galaxy nexus having some minor problems . i would suggest waiting for nrt 1.6.6 which will have full support for 4.3
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
look at the no video player app .
this may be a silly thing to say , but have you tried loading a site with flash , and letting it play ? i would have thought it would just continue even if the screen goes blank . if it does stop when the screen goes blank , can you download it and play it using one of the audio players that supports . flv and has the option to continue playing in the backgound ? is there an app that can play . flv ? regarding playing non-mp4 or h . 264: chinese app called wuzhenhua player rockplayerbase coreplayer , but does not seem to support android ( it is got a mobile version :/ ) droidacir says it supports . flv-based audio streams another flv player here 's a so question about having trouble stopping flash when leaving the browser . hth
this is an old question , but there just might be an answer which someone might benefit from . take a look at uz media player https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.uzumaki.android.mediaplayer
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
is the phone connected to a pc/charger while you were trying the call ? try to have a good ' earth ground ' at all times when handling a phone with capacitive screens . i had the same problem when my phone was connected to the pc/charger . if that was not the problem , try using a different dialer app from the market and see if that brings up the problem .
it has happened to me on my nexus s , running stock gingerbread and now stock ice cream sandwich , that occaisionally when i try to answer the phone the touch screen is unresponsive . i find that if i press the power button to turn off the screen ( which silences the phone as well ) and then turn it back on i can answer the phone .
had the same problem with an htc legend , and in my case , i think the screen was screwed . because i wa shaving problem when trying to write on the keyboard as well . at some point , whenever i was touching , it always acted as if i touched the top of the screen ! ! ! i bought a new phone
i have read the ics roms on sensation xe were buggy . hence they delayed the ics roms for ( original ) sensation to fix the bugs . ( assuming you are using stock dialer . ) update to the latest build of ics that is been released for your device .
its not android problem its htc problem . i have experienced same problem few times . all you can hope is an upgrade of htc sense from htc . ring was introduced by htc because there was problem with earlier approach of dragging up . try to kill few unwanted process in your cellphone so that your becomes even more responsive .
i had the same problem with my droid 2 . for me , it was a precursor to the hardware for touch interaction going haywire : it was registering other touches on the screen in a line on the right side . i was able to view them by opening a drawing program , or popping up the gesture screen in dolphin hd . random touches would appear up and down in a straight line . this happened more frequently when i would been outside working , or the phone got warm through other means .
it is an android problem . i had the issue on a samsung running gingerbread . i still have the same issue iphone . android is 98% there but when you can not answer a call then what the hell is the point of having a phone ?
your best option will be to root and use a custom rom and kernel . . . it is the touch screen drivers locking up
as user said my comment helped him and post it as answer . try to install the rocket dial and in settings try to make it default app for receiving calls . Settings&gt;caller ID also you can use free version of hd caller id which has option to overtake the default caller screen .
i do not you are running out of available ram . you should try using a memory booster like go task manager to clear some up .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
i have xperia tipo device in which astro file manager was pre installed in it . but i like file manager ( explorer ) by rhythm software which is really good .
you may need to remount your file system to enable write . i am not sure how that is done with root explorer , but from the terminal it looks something like : mount -o rw,remount /partition/name/  you can get the partition name by typing mount without any parameters .
if you are using the speed software root explorer application then you might be holding your phone wrong ! - guffaws no really ! when i hold the phone in portrait view i can not get access to the little button in the interface that puts that directory into r/w mode ( read/write ) : hold your phone in landscape view when you navigate to that folder . when you get there you will see the little button to ' mount r/w': remember to turn it back to ' mount r/o ' ( read/only ) if this does not fix your issue then i will wonder if you actually have root access . just saying . . . good luck ( :
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
another way is to simply go to settings&rarr ; about phone , where you should see ( depending on your cyanogenmod version ) an item " cyanogenmod updates " , and ( with all cm versions ) " cyanogenmod-version":
yes the xoom should stop transmitting as soon as the headset disconnects . ( although it may start playing out of it is own speaker ) . ( and in this case it would disconnect as it had ran out of battery and turned off ! )
i go running with my motorola droid and a bluetooth set of headphones ( motorola rokr s9-hd ) . when the headphones die , my phone will stop playing the music . so it basically acts the same way as removal of normal headphones . do note , that this does depend on the app 's behavior as the developer has to actually code in the listener for headphone removal . i know this because i have had to do it myself when writing a music app ( radio reddit ) . but most music apps i have seen have implemented this behavior in their apps .
i do not believe there are any android applications that will allow you to make notes on pdf files . you might be better off looking towards a windows capable tablet , since you would be able to run acrobat on that .
i dont think the xoom can be used with a pen , it wasnt designed for that , i have a xoom and all i use it for is browsing the internet and playing games , it could be a very useful tool for taking notes and such with the onscreen keyboard and i think it is very handy to have . it has a ton of hard drive space and if you download a good app that lets you take notes then i think it would be good for you , if you dont like typing your notes and you want to actually write them then i dont think the xoom is good for that . you could try using a pen with it but it could scratch the screen , you could ask someone at an at and t or verison store if they would recommend a tablet that suits your needs .
your external sd card is presumably ( in pretty much every case ) formatted as a fat32 filesystem . fat32 does not support symbolic links . linking from a ext2/3/4 filesystem to a fat32 filesystem would work , iirc , but linking from fat32 is not possible .
it seems like /sdcard is fuse fs " link " for /data/media . try this : ln -s /data/media/external_sd/SD/NaviSEA /data/media/NaviSEA  ( i do not know what " external_sd " means on your device , but if this an external sd card you still can get errors . )
alternatively open up the play music app on your phone . using the menu navigate to my library . choose the album view . under the album picture is the 3 dots , press on them to bring up menu options , one of which is keep on device . press that to download the music to your phone . you can specify phone or sd card ( if available ) by going into the play music settings option and changing the storage location under the downloading options .
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
you could load a silent . mp3 sample as well .
the only way to mute group messages is to mute them for a time period , and the maximum duration is 1 week . to do this , open the group conversation you had like to mute , press menu and select Mute and then select the desired duration ( 8 hours , 1 day , 1 week ) . unfortunately this means you have to do this weekly and separately for all groups .
i know this is an old thread and you may have already found an answer , but i had the same problem after installing winamp 5 pro on an android device . i had previously had no problems with winamp standard on both android and pc i upgraded the pc version to winamp pro and now it all works as expected again . so i suspect you need the same version of winamp on both platforms ie . either standard or pro
after some look-ups , i have to come into conclusion that you cannot do this . as you thought it is your ethernet connectivity that prohibits you from this . when you are using the ethernet-connected modem device for wifi , there is only one device in your wifi network . but winamp says , Make sure your PC and Android phone are on the same Wi-Fi network. note : if you really need this syncing feature , you can get a wifi adaptor and connect your pc and phone to the same network and do syncing
would not it be easier to just change the contract on the sim card to a data-only contract and let the phone company do all the blocking for you ? it would also save you paying for services you are not using .
for gsm devices , as far as i know , the proxy settings for your mobile data connection are defined in the access point name ( apn ) . go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access Point Names &gt; [Your data APN] ( your device 's menu may differ slightly ) . check the Proxy field - it is possible this got modified somehow . might also be worth snooping around your carrier 's website for the recommended apn settings and double-checking that everything is correct . once finished , press [Menu] &gt; Save and give it a test .
did you switch from " mobile data " to " wlan " ( also " wifi " or " wi-fi " on samsung ) last time for surfing in internet ? if yes , then try this ! sometimes when you enable " wlan " before disabling " mobile data " ( top line , near the battery-charge-state or the current-date/time ) the proxy settings for gsm will stay and be used for you wlan ! all you need to do is : disable " wlan " ( also " wifi " or " wi-fi" ) ! enable " mobile data " ! start chrome and navigate to somewhere or search for something ! can you surf ? if no , switching from " mobile data " to " wlan " was not the issue , else : disable " mobile data " and wait 2 seconds ! enable " wlan " it should work now .
aha ! as edlarerathis commented , you can change this in awd settings . settings -&gt; ADW settings -&gt; system preferences -&gt; Home orientation  change from landscape to auto/sensor .
problem solved with hangouts version 2.1.223 . in " settings " we now have an option do " unhide " contacts . thanks google .
if you have the contact in your contact lists then just type the name in search bar .
make sure satellite layer is off , and swipe the screen down with 2 fingers .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
short answer : no . auto brightness is usually a battery waster . i like to use the brightness widget , it will let you turn on/off auto-brightness or with one touch adjust the brightness to one of several presets .
you can get free storage space the same way you do on your pc : uninstall some apps you are not using . you might find it useful to go into the device settings , then apps ( or applications manager ) , then press the menu key and choose sort by size to see which are taking up the most space . if you have lots of videos , photos , or music in your internal storage , delete them , or move them to your sd card .
there is no way to add additional ram to your android device ( as you have tagged your question " ram " i assume you are meaning ram ) . so : sorry , you will not be able to solve this .
no , ram is ram , hard drive space is separate . a smokingly fast ssd would be much slower than typical ram sticks , and it would be impractical to run a system like that . even smartphones have real ram sticks in them ( usually lpddr ) .
i do not see how the " hover " effect can be practical on any touchscreen device , regardless of os . screens on most current mobile devices ( resistive , capacitive ) can only register touch events . you would need to modify the os to treat a single tap as a mouse pointer , and double-tap as a " click " . however other gestures like scrolling , pinch-to-zoom , etc . would most likely stop working with such a paradigm . also , most mobile versions of sites disable the fancy stuff like hover animations anyways , in order to load faster .
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
if you are using a device ( usually a tablet ) with a usb port , you can plug in a mouse . the mouse cursor will trigger hover events .
you need to add a gesture for this . wiggle your finger over the button in question and it takes it as mouseover . not yet implemented afaik .
anyways , you can still probably just use smart voice recorder anyways even with the shutter on just turn the volume all the way down to silent .
do you use a third party application to voice record ? if you disable the shutter sound and use something like smart voice record , i am able to successfully voice record and take pictures without a problem .
short answer : you can not . explanation the tutorials are correct about that : it is impossible without root -- as the playstore app needs to be made a system app ( i.e. . must be installed in /system initially ) , or it will not work . the reason behind it is the permission system : certain permissions are only granted to system apps , and the playstore app needs at least one of them .
as you no longer have the original device , you have lost one option : backing up those apps using titanium backup ★ root , sending those backups to the new device , and restoring them with the very same titanium backup . if you did not back up your apps before turning the device in , it is like asking : " i just burned those papers . can i still get a copy of them ? " at least the " regular " ones are gone that way , as apps2sd only moves a part of the app to your card . an essential part ( including the app 's data ) is left in internal memory . still having your card , it might look a little different for the link2sd part : here you can at least pick the .apk files from your card , as they are still there . unfortunately , the same cannot be said for their data : link2sd does not move application 's private data files ; it moves apk , dex ( dalvik-cache ) and lib files . ( from the link2sd app description on google play ) . if you additionally used root # all data2sd card . , it is again a completely different thing . in this case you should be able to re-install the app from the .apk , link2sd it again , data2sd it , shutdown the device , put the sdcard to your computer via a card reader , replace the data directories from the copy you have made of the old sdcard , unmount safely , put the card back to your android device , and start it up .
microsoft has an ebook gallery available at http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/11608.e-book-gallery-for-microsoft-technologies.aspx there is several slices from sql server books online there .
first , some disambiguation is in order . amon_ra is a developer who created one of the recovery consoles ( named after himself . ) just like clockworkmod ( which was created by a different developer named koushik dutta , a.k.a. koush ) amon_ra 's recovery performs various low-level tasks on android devices . odin is a windows application that can be used to flash firmware onto various samsung android handsets and tablets . heimdal is a cross-platform application ( available for windows , linux and os x ) that uses the same protocol as odin to interface with samsung devices in " download " mode . nandroid is a script which runs in android recovery mode and dumps the image of the devices ' partitions onto the external media such as sd card . it requires root and some other libraries to function properly . for restoring , the recoveries use a different script which utilizes the fastboot binary to flash the image files created by nandroid back onto their appropriate partitions . with the above said , neither odin or heimdal can be used to take backups of devices ; they are purely for flashing firmware onto them . clockworkmod or amon_ra recoveries do include the nandroid script . however , due to the differences in partition layout , they need to be modified specifically for a given device they are ported to . if you are knowledgeable enough , you can try to adopt the nandroid script for use with samsung galaxy i551 , and run it manually via adb shell while the phone is in recovery mode . again , you will need root privileges and other libraries compiled specifically for this device .
i had the same problem and think i found the place to correct it : 1 ) open the e-mail client program on the samsung 2 ) go to " menu | account settings " 3 ) disable sms-sync hope it works !
it is hard to say without knowing what specific model ( s ) you are thinking of , but by and large the antennas you are thinking of are probably designed for 3g/evdo , in which case the answer is no . sprint 's wimax network operates on a completely different frequency than it is 3g network , so the antenna for one will not work for the other . the evo itself has two antennas in it for this very reason . basically , if it does not support the 2.5-2.6 ghz frequency range , then it will not work . there are wimax repeaters/antennas out there , but i have never seen one from a major manufacturer ( or sprint/clear ) . someone over on android forums also managed to make his own wimax antenna .
as flow already pointed out in his comment to the question , that is a known bug . however , if you are affected , there is at least a kind of " ugly work-around " , as described in the article how to solve battery issues after ics update in your galaxy note . their conclusion states : anyway , this is a kernel bug in ics , we have to wait for new update . the solution for this is : shutdown your note , peel off the back cover , remove the battery ; hold the battery for more than one min , put the battery back , put back the back cover ; start the phone . then , everything goes back to normal . reboot your phone will not solver this issue , at least for me . next time , when you encounter this issue again , try the procedure again . they further write that , if you once encountered this bug and worked-around this way , it seems it is hard to hit the bug again -- so with some luck , you will only have to do this once . and yes , i saw that article refers to the galaxy note . but talking about a kernel bug in ics , and your tablet being from the same manufacturer , chances are pretty good this solution will apply to your tablet as well .
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
afaik it isnt possible , because bluetooth protocol currently allows just one-to-one connection . you have to create " master " device which next share keyboard and mouse throw diffrent protocol , eg . wifi . but i still do not see any use for this : )
if you syncronised yor contacts with google then turn sychro on in settings you will get back all your contacts  or  just log in to your gmail adress and press contacts on the left side pane then show all contacts .
you can also do the following make sure no external sd card is inserted . - go to my files - touch the search button - type " vcf " in the search box . - start searching . - click " vcf " button that appears . - follow instructions that appears .
it is possible that the play store is having some issues writing on your phone . however , given that your phone is new ( ish ) and that there is nothing that is going on a sd card , it makes me think that the play store is getting confused . depending on what gapps package you installed , there could be a variety of tweaks that are done to the package . i would double check with goo . im or xda to see hat gapps to install with your rom/device . perhaps removing the play store , then installing a gapps with the right play store app would fix the problem . additionally , it could be that you have your runtime on art instead of dalvik and the play store is glitching up . to check your runtime , go to settings -> developer options -> select runtime .
you would probably wanna : -setup a launcher like nova launcher ( my personal favorite ) solely to setup gestures for daily used tasks like calling and viewing smss . -with nova launcher change the icon size to maximum ( 130% i guess ) to make icons more visible . -go to accessibility and change the text size . since it varies from manufacturer to manufacturer , the customizability may be different . tinker around in the accessibility settings to find something useful . -change ringtone , notification sound and alarm to something loud and distinct . -turn on haptic feedback in sound settings ( varies from manufacturer to manufacturer again ) -de-clutter the home screen ! may even want to sort them by folders ( drag an app over the other )
no one will run the same apps with the same settings in the same environment as you . any " objective " evaluation will be no more useful than reading the xda forums , for example ; you are going to end up with an indication of reliability and speed , nothing more . there is also a ton of roms for the sgs , many of which are only published certain places ( xda , modaco , rom-specific forums ) . you had be hard pressed to find a complete resource . even the " rom guide " threads on xda tend to fail to include many of the roms from xda . in sum , i would read the xda android development subforum for the i9000 and shortlist a few roms that sound good to you , then test them out and see what works best for you .
it seems that this is possible for both versions of the hd ( 7" , os version 7.4.3 and 8.9" , os version 8.4.3 ) . i found xda developer forums for 7" hd version 7.4.3 and 8.9" hd version 8.4.3 . for the purposes of making this post self-contained , i will assume that you have the 7" version . the steps are : step 1: download the *root_with_restore_by_bin4ry_v31 . zip* . ( see original forum ) step 2: extract the file . step 3: this step is very important . uninstall any drivers you have for the kindle fire hd . connect your kindle to the pc via usb . press the windows start button and search " device manager " go to > portable devices . " right click " on kindle and choose " properties " . go to " driver " and click " uninstall " . then unplug the kindle from the pc . step 4: now download and install kindle fire adb drivers . ( see original forum for links to these ) step 5: now on your kindle fire hd go to " settings " then > security . mark " enable adb " - on . step 6: connect the kindle fire hd to the pc via usb . wait till automatic installation completes and kindle is recognized . step 7: navigate to the folder where you extracted the bin4ry method and " double click " the " runme . bat " file and choose option 1 . step 8: on the kindle fire hd select the option " backup my data " and wait till the backup completes ( when the backup completes , on the computer press any key ) . then select the option " restore my data " ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . step 9: your device will reboot twice . step 10: when your device boot select select the option " restore my data " once again ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . your device will reboot once again . step 11: when your device boot , unlock your device and go to " apps drawer " , you should see the " superuser " app . you are done !
@al everett is correct . use a shortcut on your launcher , because i do not see any options within the chrome app to change your " home page " . go to bookmarks , add about:blank to mobile bookmarks , navigate there , and then click and hold on the bookmark icon and select " add to home screen " . presto .
the disclaimer appears on the splash screen after rebooting . you will not get any notification during the unlock process . here 's a picture of what you should see .
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
they have here but does not give a clear reason . how can i buy swype ? / when will swype be on the android market ? we have considered a direct-download sales model , but there are two challenges to that approach : customer support - providing swype users with the level of professional support they deserve is a priority for us . we are still a small ( but quickly growing ! ) company , and we do not have the resources necessary to support a full end-user sales model . it is much more efficient for us to focus on improving swype and to partner with large organizations like samsung and t-mobile who already have customer support structures in place . device integration - swype is not just an app ; it is a keyboard - the most widely used piece of software on a device . it interacts with nearly every single application on the phone . as such , it is more like a system component than an application . for each device release we do a tremendous amount of testing and we always find issues due to the varying components - the os version , the device hardware , the oem ui implementation , etc . in addition , some features can not be implemented without an oem 's engineering assistance . we end up doing a large amount of work on each device to be sure that you have a great experience entering text using swype . so , we appreciate your enthusiasm , but we are not ready to do direct-downloads at this time .
there is another one : morse code keyboard
yes , there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rgam.morsekeyboard
is SPR-L720VPUEMJA-20131030154609.zip stock rom ? if yes , you can use the odin tool to flash that rom . i assume have already installed samsung kies ( so phone drivers are installed ) . with this done , open odin ( do not change any settings ) . load L720VPUEMJA_L720SPTEMJA_L720VPUEMJA_HOME.tar.md5 into the pda section into the rom . put your phone into download mode ( vol down + home + power ) , and plug it into odin . odin should be able to detect that phone . when it does , start the flashing process .
your phone officially needs a trip back to a samsung service center that is in no way caused by any android glitch , as the issue is progressive ( getting darker , bigger in time ) . it might be caused by some shock that made the lcd inside crack and bleed .
oh -- i found it dropspace allows one to select a folder on android -- and keep it fully synced with any ( but not the root ) dropbox folder .
note dropbox has their own implementation of this , but it is not at all the same ( i recommend dropsync instead ) . you can mark individual files as a favorite , then they sync normally : downloading ( favoriting ) files to your phone or tablet the mobile app shows you the list of your files , but it only downloads the actual files as needed , such as when you tap on a file to view it . to ensure that a file is always on your device and up to date , mark it as favorite . this will also make it available when your device is offline .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
to download , you need to open the dropbox app , and select the file you want to download . to upload , you need to open the dropbox app , and select Upload here from the dropbox menu . the files you see on the dropbox app are not the actual files . they are only links that are in the dropbox server , which you must download . the dropbox app for android does not work the same way as the dropbox app for the pc . the pc version automatically downloads / syncs the file on your pc .
foldersync is also able to sync folders with dropbox and it supports tasker automation as well . this way you can configure - for instance - tasker so to trigger a sync whenever you connect to your home wifi . the only drawback is that foldersync is not getting updates since quite a while , unfortunately .
there is no malicous intent you can safely use it . this app has been part of the android open source project ( aosp ) since at least android 1.5 cupcake and cyanogenmod only adapted it . here 's cm 's source code which shows it was only copied from the original aosp code : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_apps_soundrecorder/blame/cm-10.2/androidmanifest.xml here 's the initial aosp version from 2007 which already has the same permission grant : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/soundrecorder/+/e2118f54af4c5215bd988979769e383292b9c9cb/androidmanifest.xml now one may ask why it has this grant in aosp already : i do not know why , it is seemingly not needed .
try call log monitor app . this is free app . call log master is another great free app but it will only work for call logs .
no , ota updates only work with unmodified system images . if you can download a new official system image , you will still be able to flash that yourself , but you will probably have to root again after you have done that .
you can download the tool minitool partition wizard home edition and make a fresh format of the memory card . here is a guide you can follow to complete this task . n . b just ignore the steps about ext2 etc . and format using your desired file system . ensure that you create as primary .
i had the same problem . . . new 32gig sd card works just fine with windows , but in my samsung s2 , s3 , and evo it says damaged , or unsupported , etc . i then read on another droid forum about this issue , and here is the easy fix : put your sd card into a usb reader for mem cards etc . you will notice that your card reader has a drive number like g : , or h : , etc . make a shortcut on your windows desktop and make the shortcut location as ( cmd ) . you may remember that cmd is the dos-box command line prompt . now your shortcut to cmd is on your desktop . right click that shortcut and select " run as administrator " . now at the dos prompt type chkdsk &lt;drive letter of the sd&gt;: /r  let it run through it is checks , etc . once done just pop your sd card back into your phone and enjoy !
for reference . i was able to fix the issue by turning off password unlock in security . i went back to pattern unlock . i was able to reproduce the the issue again . as soon as i enabled sd encryption the card becomes " blank " and android refused to use it , format does nothing . card is not mountable so it seems there is a issue possibly limited to the s3/64gb card with sd card encryption . i have not been able to find any reference to this issue else where . its not a show stopper so i will continue without sd encryption .
a common problem on android devices is that android will keep and safe all applications which are in your system directory ( system apps/apps installed from the factory ) . this is exactly the same problem i had with my sony xperia arc s . i have fixed this by rooting my phone and install " system cleaner root " ( note : only rooted devices can use this app and you will probably lose your warranty when you root your phone ) and run that application . it will search for saved update files on your phone which are system apps , and then delete these old update files . the problem should be fixed . as long as you run " system cleaner root " once in a while .
you can try " clean master " app . this application will find how much junk is stored on your device and it will give you options to clear those unwanted files safely . it will scan both phone memory and memory card to see if there is anything taking up the space . you will have the option to select or de-select as per your choice and clean the junk . hope this solves your problem .
i have also had the same problem . personaly i solved the issue by booting in the recovery mode on my samsung phone and clearing the cache partition . also , thigs could work is using some cleaning apps , which would release some memory which was being used by application to cache the data . you might also want to uninstall some application with are not being used personal ( pre installed applications , like s calender on samsung touch wiz . ) would advice regular cleaning of the cache partition to prolong the phone usage . using galaxy s2 for about 3 years now .
if you have taken a nandroid backup , then that is where your remaining space is . also , since you are rooted , check /mnt . the data you have pushed through adb might be there , and you could delete it .
i have had the same issue . what solved my problem was clearing application cache through application manager for chrome and others . i fail to see the connection , but it worked for me .
try clearing the cache of the messaging app . from the home screen : Menu | Settings | Applications | Manage applications | All | Messaging | Clear cache if that does not work , i would try the following , in this order : force stop restart the phone ( off then on ) clear data ( will likely lose your sms messages )
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
it seems that you have a boot loop or some other booting problem . you can try clearing dalvik cache and rebooting . to clear dalvik cache , press and hold home button when phone is booting . this takes you to cwm . go to advanced > wipe dalvik cache . if that does not fix , data wipe-> flash rom-> wipe dalvik cache and reboot . if it still does not boot , i suggest reverting to cm7 otherwise . cm support for ace is patchy beyond cm7 ( i learnt this the hard way after flashing my aunt 's phone with an experimental cm9 build ) .
according to the cyanogenmod devices overview page the samsung galaxy ace is not supported by cm9 and cm10 . the download page for the galaxy ace only has cm7 roms and the links for cm9 and 10 lead to their google plus post about not supporting first generation snapdragon devices past the cm7 branch . that post can be seen here . it looks like someone may have compiled a cm10 " lite " rom from the cm source that can be found here and someone at xda compiled a full rom here . if you installed either of those i would suggest rebooting into recovery and clearing data , cache , etc . and then try re-flashing the rom . there is also a list of roms in xda 's development forum here .
hard to say the exact range . there is plenty for your standard usage scenarios with standard ant+ sensors . e.g. phone mounted on bike or in jersey pocket picks up bike sensors while riding no trouble . testing my app ipbike with usb ant stick emulating the sensors and the app running on an xperia active i can wander around the same room with no loss of reception . to test loss of reception cases down the garden 10m through the window is not enough to totally lose reception but it is getting patchy . i have to go around to the front of the house and get a good number of walls between the phone and the ant stick for a total loss of reception .
i am not sure if it is a good choice to use a alphanumeric keyboard instead of a qwerty one . but here is some choices for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bigkeyboard.bordeux.net https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bb.keyboard.wf this one is paid , but seems better : play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.fredricknet.inputmethod.latin there is no much people making this keyboards , so it is probability that the keyboard is no longer updated .
all the data stored by the app in the folder /data/data/app_name/ will be cleared . you cant specify which data to clear . the app would be like when it was installed or updated .
it is saved in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf file . you can open it with any text editor . if you have terminal emulator you can also do this : cat /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
you can also download the app " wifi key recovery " which is a lot easier .
try sending a text message " vl " to 52586 . if you get the same error message as a reply , you will have to call the customer care and they will guide you to set up gprs on your phone manually . this happened to a friend of mine and he fixed it by calling the cc .
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
it is possibly your email client that is set up by default to not fully download each email to potentially save bandwidth ( e . g . only load headers or only headers + body w/o attachments ) . do you have an internet connection when you hit the " download " button ? please also note , that this download is done in the background and depending on the size of the content that is going to be loaded this may take some time . you might also have a look into your email clients settings and switch on full email fetching by default ( so all content is prefetched in the background on reception of new mails ) .
opera mini 5 also includes the ability to save / remember a user 's login credentials . lastpass and keepass also have android editions that remember your logins / passwords , although they are not browsers .
the standard android browser does this for me on most ( non-banking type ) websites . when i start typing my username into the login box it shows a drop down of names used in that login box before . selecting one of those fills the password box in too . if you go into the browser and press menu -> more -> settings and then scroll down the settings window to the privacy settings section , there is a tick-box there for remember form data , then if you scroll down a bit further to security settings , there is a tickbox for remember passwords . make sure that both of those are ticked and you should be ok . i am on a galaxy s running the official samsung froyo 2.2 release , and i am sure my old htc magic running stock android donut 1.6 did this too .
there is a lastpass plugin for dolphin browser that is great . it will remember all of your passwords and sync with the desktop if you use lastpass there as well . personally i also prefer the look and performance of the dolphin browser to the stock android one .
i have the exact same problem with my samsung galaxy s . you can also get it going again by holding the " on " button for about 15 seconds . it has been happening now for about 2 months and it was only today that i happened to be looking at it as it hanged and i saw the message about the internal sd card , before that i thought it was a corrupt operating system or faulty battery . the frustrating thing is that when it hangs i lose all my contacts , my text message history and my customised settings like shortcuts to certain apps on the desktop . it also loses the default setting for connecting to the mobile access point set by my mobile provider . sometimes when it reboots people can not ring me , they think it rings once but i do not hear it ringing at all and i get no missed called . it is funny , i notice that this post is dated december 27th and this is roughly when my phone started giving trouble , my phone is about a year and a half as well . the advice given here by izzy is probably the best advice for this situation but i just wanted to contribute some content here that might help more people with the same problem to find this post because unless you are looking at the phone when it crashes you will never think that the internal sd card was at fault . it is more likely that you will find that your phone has switched itself off or has just hung .
turn off 3g when i have got wifi on . i only need the mobile networks for phone calls when i have got wifi so i would prefer not to have 3g on . 3g and mobile data are two separate things . when wifi is enabled , mobile data no longer goes through the cellular connection , but it does remain connected to the 3g network ( otherwise it could not receive calls or sms/mms ) . i know older versions of cyanogenmod included a highly customizable power control widget that had options that when wifi is enabled ( not necessarily connected ) , it switches to 2g/edge . but there are some downsides with this . switching from 2g to 3g ( and vice versa ) require completely losing phone signal as it shuts down the connection and then searches for the other network . in doing this , you are probably looking at at least 30 seconds of being without a signal when this occurs . one very bad thing i can see with this is if you are on a phone call when you enter or leave a wireless network , it will most likely get disconnected and you will not be able to call them back until you are reconnected . in my experience , switching to 2g-only really is not as big of a battery saver as it was a few years ago . 3g modems have gotten a lot better with power consumption . turn off 3g if i am in a low signal area - i hear if you are on the edge of 3g connectivity , it'll use lots of power constantly connecting to 3g . does android have a way to stop that from running the battery down or should i create a tasker profile for it ? you can adjust the preferred networks under the phone information section , which can be accessed by typing the following into your dialer *#*#4636#*#* and then going down to the set preferred network type section . most likely your phone is on wcmda preferred . this seeks out a 3g/hspa signal and tries to keep it active and only falls back when the signal is really poor . if i remember right , you can set it to gsm/cdma auto ( prl ) and it will pick the one with the best signal . but i read this a while back and have not been able to find the reference again . power saving mode on when the screen is not on . there is not much the phone needs to do when i am not using it so are there already processes built into android to turn the cpu down etc . or do i need to create a tasker profile for it ? it can chew up to 25% of my battery life overnight sometimes . samsung is the only device that i know of that includes a power saving mode . android is actually pretty good about being easy on the battery , but apps that we install are typically the culprits of our poor battery life . a device should be in deep sleep mode well over half the time it is off the charger ( i tend to notice mine around 65%-75% deep sleep ) . this can be checked using cpu stats . unfortunately , to get more information about what is causing your problems , you most likely need root . the app i typically recommend to people on the cyanogenmod forum is betterbatterystats ( which is free on xda for memebers ) . this will actually tell you exactly what in an app is keeping the device from entering deep sleep . this app may still have some functionality without root , but i have never tested it ( i always put a custom rom on my phone , so i am never using it long without root ) . finding out what apps are keeping your phone from entering android 's low power " deep sleep " when the screen is off will save you more on battery than samsung 's power saving mode probably could . as i mentioned above , android already does a great job with trying to minimize power consumption . all phones support cpu stepping , which basically will lower the speed of your processor in various steps until it enters the deep sleep mode . the range of the processor speeds vary from device and kernel ( 3rd-party custom kernels can modify quite a bit ) . when the screen is turned off , android automatically tries to enter deep sleep mode . the only way this does not happen is if something is holding a wakelock . a wakelock is designed to allow an app to finish something before entering the low power state . this could be anything from sending a text message , to being on a phone call , to syncing email . ideally , these should only hold wakelocks for as long as needed , but occasionally they get buggy . this is where the above app i mention comes into play . it can determine what apps are holding those wakelocks , and if they are excessive , you can check the settings of the app to try and minimize it or try uninstalling/reinstalling the app to see if it is a glitch or corrupted somehow . the other option comes with rooting and custom kernels . i give this only as general information . with custom kernels , they can significantly change how the processor operates . everything from lowering the max speed of the processor , to actually sending less voltage to the processor , to severely limiting how high of speed the processor can get while the screen is off . this is part of the reason why a lot of people run custom kernels . the battery savings from undervolting the processor can be quite substantial . also , when running a custom rom , you can remove a lot of the bloat that carriers and/or manufacturers add to the rom , all of which can increase battery consumption . that being said , if you are noticing certain apps are using a large amount of battery or hold large wakelocks , but they are system apps , with newer versions of android , you can still disable those apps ( even if you can not remove them ) . you can do this under settings -> apps -> all -> app name -> disable . if you want to reenable it , it can be found at the bottom of the list alphabetized with all other disabled apps ( if any ) .
i would not bother with any of those optimisations , mostly for the reasons that others have already stated . optimisations i do use ( with llama , but i am sure they are just as easy to do in tasker ) : turn off wifi when not at home . otherwise it will use power looking for wifi hotspots you will not use . turn off sync when at low power , and turn it on again when charging .
turn off 3g when i have got wifi on . i only need the mobile networks for phone calls when i have got wifi so i would prefer not to have 3g on . already done by default , unless you use certain apps that try to force 3g when wifi is on . ( certain older versions of skype come to mind . ) though you might want to check the advanced options in wifi to see if wifi sleep policy is set to " never " , since it'll revert to 3g when the phone is asleep elsewise . turn off 3g if i am in a low signal area - i hear if you are on the edge of 3g connectivity , it'll use lots of power constantly connecting to 3g . does android have a way to stop that from running the battery down or should i create a tasker profile for it ? knock yourself out on that one . but you might want to consider how you will know when to turn 3g back on . power saving mode on when the screen is not on . there is not much the phone needs to do when i am not using it so are there already processes built into android to turn the cpu down etc . or do i need to create a tasker profile for it ? it can chew up to 25% of my battery life overnight sometimes . first : why do you not plug your phone in at night ? second , this varies on a phone-by-phone basis .
my apologies , i just found it . for the benefit of those who have the same problem : it should apply to the other galaxy tab 2 models , too .
go to settings , applications , click the all tab and scroll down to internet . then clear cache see if it works , if not clear data .
i had the same problem opening attachments ( . doc ) in email . i tried clearing the cache - did not work , but . . . under settings . . . applications . . . view all . . . internet . . . scroll down to " launch by default " , and click clear defaults . next , when opening an attachment , select chrome and just once ( or something other than internet ) . worked for me ! ! !
the "32" in fat32 has nothing to do with the "32" in 32gb ! fat32 is file allocation table in 32 bit and is introduced in 1996 , when there was not any 32gb sd card . according to wikipedia : the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 ( 232−1 ) bytes . so you can not copy a huge 4gb ( or more ) single file to a fat32-formatted sd card . afaik , android os does support ntfs and you may want to use it , as it has many benefits over old fat32 .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
i use stopwatch and timer goes full screen when you change into landscape orientation , also i used the lap times when we had to give a team presentation .
i use ovo timer : a minimalist app to set your timer by dragging an arc on your screen . also , you can set time by voice ( it needs internet connection for this ) . it runs on android 2.1 and up . the only con i have found is that it only supports times not greater than 1 hour . about what you are asking for : just display the time ( for example 14:28 ) . check . not go into standby mode . check : you can configure it to do so via preferences . hugest font possible , black on white , landscape . close enough : it rotates as your device does . also the red/white arc animation gives you a clue about remaining time . free app . check . open source app . i think not .
i use flow timer for this , it displays the ( countdown ) time in the largest possible width in black on white ( default ) . furthermore by default it just dims the screen but does not turn it off ( in the settings there is a choice to keep it at " bright " , that is , to not even dim the screen a bit ) . landscape mode ( even tablet ) as well . you can also add several timers after each other for different parts of the presentation . no interaction required , it just makes a small beep ( configurable ) and continues/finishes . full disclosure : i am the author
i have had a similar problem with the contacts sync for an exchange account . i found that deleting the account on my desire and re-adding it made the errors go away . give it a try .
i found this in another forum : go to the people ( contact list ) app go to the online directories ( globe ) tab select facebook you will be asked to log in to your facebook account . once logged in , you will see all of your contacts on your facebook account . return to the full list of your contacts on the phone and try and sync
you need to put the headset into a pairing mode . according to the manual , the procedure is as follows : turn the headset off press and hold the mfb ( multi-function button ) for 6 seconds until the led flashes red and blue alternatively and you hear a beep search for bluetooth devices on your phone and select the phbt5 enter 0000 as the pin if asked when the pairing is successful and active the led will flash only blue regularly
starting with about ics ( android 4.0 ) , not all devices do support app2sd anymore ( for reference , see also : how to move application to sd card in samsung galaxy s duos ; the galaxy s duos and lg optimus 4x are two of those devices -- looks like your galaxy s3 mini is another candidate , if the " move to . . . " option is not there at all ) . this is , however , not the fault of android ; it is rather the manufacturers/rom bakers who decided such : whatever their support might say ( and at least lg support blames android 4 . x not being able to do app2sd ) , android 4 . x itself can deal fine with app2sd , as plenty of devices prove . as for a possible alternative , you might want to check move app to sd card , which suggests a.o. link2sd . note , however , that root is a pre-condition for this app .
you can use invitation plugin to open ics files directly in google calendar application . it can open ics invitations from email attachments or from files on sdcard . it requires at least android 4+ ( ice cream sandwich ) to run . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleansoft.invitationplugin and i am an author of this app .
the best is " ics databridge " . that´s free app on android apps and works perfect . the size is just 22kb and its function is absolutely without any issues . i can recommend it . i try it and it is really workfull and simple .
kindle fire utility provides an easy and automated way to get root , android market with other google apps including google services framework . alternatively , you can use quite nice imo messenger to connect to gtalk , skype , etc even with no root .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
i do not think that this is at all possible . individual apps for android may be able to be moved to a sd card ( froyo and above required as well as an app that allows this ) but the entire os cannot live on an sd card .
i believe it is possible if your phone has an unlocked bootloader and you are capable of modifying it . i have no idea how to do this but you may find help on stack overflow . you can also check out how the devs that install android on windows phones do it . this site talks about installing android on the sd card for their dual-boot mod . this is probably more work than it is worth . another option , if you are going to be using it on the same exact model of phone and they are rooted : use titanium backup to backup all the apps and settings and then restore them to another phone . this can be done to the sd or to dropbox .
i finally came across servestream , a free app in the google play store . it offloads podcasts and the like nicely into the background while you continue to use other apps on the device . one great thing about servestream is it is open source , so you can play with the code if you wish .
this might not solve the problem , but it is the first thing i would look after : many carriers require specific settings in the menu settings-> wireless and network -> mobile networks . usually when you make a contract , they send you a message with the necessary configuration settings . updating your phone might reset them or require new settings . if you think that might be the issue , you should have a look around on the website of your network provider . they often publish the necessary settings and/or offer a service to send you a configuration message . also , are you sure you need wcdma ? just asking .
try using josm and opendata plugin . to install it just go to preferences ( f12 ) -> plugins-> search " opendata " and install . after importing you can ( as far as i know ) save it as * . osm , and then use osmandmapcreator
as for using another app , google earth can help . as for still sticking to osmand , it depends on your program design . if osmand is your project , you may consider creating a file stream to open the kml files else , passing the intents with the kml file
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
i use gmap2gpx . it loads some javascript into the running tab to do all the work . it is fairly easy to use , just follow the instructions on the site . use " extract full " to generate a reasonably accurate . gpx file ( the basic file just has turn-by-turn instructions and little data besides ) . note : only use it in an incognito instance for added privacy . you must not be logged into google using chrome ( or it will not work for security reasons ) . just launch an incognito instance via " ctrl+shift+n " and do it again there .
i found a hidden ee/orange portal where you can enter your model details and phone number and it sends an sms update .
in the smart saving options i could de-select the auto kill apps on screen off option ( i.e. . when screen turns off the apps will be killed by default ) . after de-selecting the option now the apps are being updated smoothly as usual
you can use a vpn such as hideninja free / paid on google play . it will bypass geo restrictions .
it is because your e-mail was created using a philippine ip address . if you have a android phone , root it . note that this voids warranty , and may have a chance of bricking your phone .
there is this app called antennas . it can not do everything you have asked for . but it can show you the tower you are connected to , the signal level , and other towers from you carrier that your phone can see/connect to and their signal level . map the gsm/cdma antennas in your neighborhood . this app monitors the gsm/cdma cellular network connection ; displays a map of approximate cellular antenna locations and their rf signal strength ; and can log the data to a text or kml file . does not work on verizon 3g and cdma support is limited by android , not by the application cdma requires eclair works best with 2g gsm . 3g/cdma support is very limited .
open signal map does some very similar stuff , its accuracy depends on how much data its got for your current area , but seems pretty good in built up areas . i used it to help work out why i always had such a terrible signal at my parents house , turned out my phone kept connecting to a cell tower on the island you can just see from the end of their road , rather than the cell tower two roads down .
a quite close profile is described at tasker-profile ( google-translate english variant here ) . i will try to give an abstract here : basic data on/off tasks you will need two tasks for this : enable mobile data : net -> auto sync ( set on ) net -> mobile data ( set on ) disable mobile data : net -> auto sync ( set on ) net -> mobile data ( set on ) you may probably skip the " auto sync " part ( especially if wifi comes into play ) , i mentioned it just for completeness . also , the tasker -> psafe variable can be utilized to check whether the device is in power-safe mode ( ~ 1 ) or not ( ! ~ 1 ) . conditions these are the harder part . as for screen on/off , it is easy : event -> display -> display unlocked for active display , event -> display -> display off for display being switched off . the harder part is to check for still running transfers -- i do not know how to do this explicitly , but it probably can be done implicitly via above mentioned %psafe tasker variable : with a running transfer , the device is less likely to be in power-safe mode . you probably need to experiment with this . connect these conditions with the appropriate tasks to create profiles . periodical checks for these you need to add a variable to above tasks : %lcd , giving us the state of the display . so in variable -> variable set name=%lcd -- in 1 . set to 1 ( on ) , in 2 . to 0 ( off ) . now create an additional profile : time : repeat 15min state -> variable value %lcd ~ 0 state -> variable value %psafe ~ 1 so it runs all 15min , but only when the display is turned off and power-safe active . we also need an additional task : net -> mobile data : on net -> auto sync : on tasker -> wait : 1min net -> auto sync : off net -> mobile data : off adjust to your needs . checking for possible transfers in progress again , i am not sure how to check whether there is an ongoing transfer . a possible solution can be found in google groups , but i could not verify this . though , as you might want to try it out , this is the basic extract : it is a profile i created on my droid to experiment with the concept of watching 3g traffic levels . %tg_rx_rate will contain the kb received in the last 10 minutes , and can be used in a context condition . if my phone is just sitting around , the background level network traffic is less than 20 kb per minute . surfing the web , it is 100 kb or way more per minute . your mileage may vary . since /sys is really a virtual folder , the /sys/class/net/ppp0 folder only exists when the 3g interface is turned on . when i turn on wifi , the dir /sys/class/net/tiwlan0 is created instead . ( so by changing the dir path , i can also watch wifi traffic too . )
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
it should easily go in . the ports on the two devices are the same and with same orientation of the port as well . maybe there is something stuck inside the port on your galaxy tab 3 . you can usually tell by the shape of the male port . the two slanted ridges on the size are an identifying feature of micro usb a/b . b also has two little latches on the bottom . micro usb standards a and b are compliant with each other as well but these two devices should have the exact same micro usb b port .
are you sure you invested enough time in searching the internet ? i just found this forum and another forum after one search . to answer your other questions : in short , you will need to use odin ( a computer-based tool used for writing to your device while in " pre-android " mode ) to flash ( a fancy phrase for installing ) a custom recovery ( clockworkmod , aka cwm ) . that custom recovery will allow you to flash a superuser app that will handle granting root access . all files necessary can be found by resorting to the linked forums since so can not host files . rooting does not remove your version of android . in most cases , it will actually wipe all of your data ( factory reset ) , so make sure to backup anything that you need beforehand . being rooted does leave room for flashing different versions of android if you wish to do so in the future . sadly , i did not have any luck finding linux drivers for the note 10.1 . windows drivers available here .
wifi proxy settings were not added until android 3.0 ( here 's the issue on the tracker and here is the comment noting its release ) . if you are willing to root your device you could try something like transproxy , though .
third party software solutions
most of the time it is problem with the earpiece , just check your earpiece whether it is working or not . try changing the earpiece
your earpiece speaker may be dead . when you put your phone in speaker mode it uses different speaker ( s ) . some people use a bluetooth earpiece to get around this , but if that is not something you want to do then you may want to check and see if your phone is still in warranty . also , depending on your phone you can try taking a small brush and cleaning around your earpiece speaker . in some cases dust and other debris can collect and muffle the speaker , and considering how tiny these speakers and their speaker grills are ( again , depends on your phone ) it does notake much dust or debris to make it hard to hear . when i worked for verizon this was a common problem that we encountered on a daily basis . hopefully , that is all it is .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
when composing the " from " is a dropdown menu . it has all the accounts you have added via the webmail interface , and it is had this feature for a long time ( you should not need to upgrade ) .
yes it does have the controller . now will it act like the nexus in nfc user friendliness ? no . required software is locked because what they are attempting to do is use a sim card as the antennae making verizon able to control the nfc chips full capabilities . this way limits how much information can be transferred by nfc . now it will be supported later on but if you truly want full blown nfc without restrictions then get the phones with supporting hardware .
the razr does have an nfc chip in it . currently the device does not have the drivers so the os can make use of the chip . motorola has been quoted to say that the razr is getting nfc support when the device gets the ics update . basically , the device could support nfc now , but motorola , for one reason or another , did not include the components that would be needed for the android os to communicate with the nfc chip . what are the benefits of upgrading a device to ice cream sandwich ? ice cream sandwich brings an entirely new look and feel to android . it has a redesigned user interface with improved multi-tasking , notifications , wi-fi hotspot , nfc support and a full web browsing experience .
you can use es file exporer goto app manager ( press menu to get app manager ) There you can see list of applications installed in your mobile select live wallpaper apk click on backup you can find apk in location /sdcard/backups/apps * edit : * system live wallpapers are located on your phone in path : system/app/livewallpapers . apk you can use es file explorer for the same . but your device need to be rooted to access system apps .
i have not used it in awhile , but something like airdroid or the like could be helpful . i have heard of a handful of apps that work in the same fashion , exposing your android device to a browser on the local network . with airdroid running you can connect to it on your laptop using the ip address of the phone and a port number . something like this : http://xxx.27.21.11:3456 the browser window will let you control the phone . i used it a few times to write long texts/emails . it does a lot , you should be able to initiate calls , browse phone data like contacts , look at media , etc . i just scanned a review of the new version , it sounds much better and does not require your phone and laptop be on the same network .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
you should set some things on your phone : go to " settings " page , select " accounts and sync " unselect " background data " you can not receive any gmail messages , since you stop connecting with google server . if you want receive gmail messages , reselect " background data " .
as google 's web frontends get worse each day currently ( there used to be a nice way to merge contact with gmail , but with the latest re-designs i am not sure which features are still left in working order ) , you might wish to take a look at a few app-based solutions : contact remover plus : other than the name might suggest , the plus version also offers to merge contacts , copy contacts between accounts , and move contacts between accounts contrack mentions some " linking " stuff ( but not much details ) the first one looks the most promising in your context . not sure about facebook etc . though , as i do not use those networks .
kadlancer - check out http://www.fullcontact.com . ( full disclosure : i work for them , so i am a bit biased . but the issues you mentioned are exactly the issues we are trying to solve ) . we currently have a web app in private beta that pulls in contacts from various google contacts/gmail sources , as well as facebook , foursquare , linkedin , twitter , etc . it then adds social profile data to each , normalizes and de-dupes them , and syncs them back in real-time . within the next month we plan to roll out our public beta , which will support the linking of all of the above sources - meaning you can unify contacts across all your social networks/google accounts and have all your contacts in one place , automatically up-to-date . because we offer two-way sync in real-time , changes made in google contacts sync to fullcontact , and vice-versa - meaning that your data is your data , and stays where you want it ( no walled gardens ) . again , i work for them , so you had probably be right to take what i am saying with a grain of salt . but based on what you posted , it looks like the fullcontact address book will do almost everything you are looking to do ( with the possible exception of xing , which is currently not supported , but on the roadmap ) . i am not aware of any other app out there that does quite what we do , save smartr - which it sounds like you have already tried . good luck !
the superoneclick dev 's website http://shortfuse.org/ states on their august compatibility list : all 2.3.4 devices need a custom root method . looking around , there does not seem to be a universal one click root method for 2.3.4 yet , most of the root methods for the later gingerbreads involve flashing custom firmware , etc which is more involved .
one thing you could do would be to set up an amazon ec2 ubuntu server instance as an openvpn server and then use the openvpn client app on your laptop . then you have to forward everything incoming to the server to the client interface ip address of the openvpn client running on your laptop . i have not done what you are wanting to do--the port forwarding part--but i easily could with the existing openvpn setup with some iptables tweaking to direct traffic to the client . this sounds more complicated than it is , but you still need to be somewhat comfortable with the linux command-line to get thru all this . as far as the cost of the ec2 , it is normally ≈$15/month , but i think they still have the deal where if you have never signed up for amazon aws before , then you can get a year for free . your own personal openvpn server is nice to have for when you are overseas and want to watch usa tv shows online ( b/c they refuse connections from outside the usa ) , or if you are in a place where content or services such as skype are blocked ( such as on planes ) . it basically makes selective blocking of services impossible . if you have specific questions , just send me a message .
if your question is about global language support , you might want to check how do i add a new language ? if you however simply refer to keyboard layouts : this very much depends on the keyboard/ ime used . there is e.g. touchpal keyboard available on the playstore -- and also a lot of language packs for e.g. hebrew , spanish , russian , or even handwriting . same applies to some other keyboard apps , like e.g. anysoftkeyboard ( which even offers a pack for bb-codes used in forums ) , ice cream sandwich keyboard , perfect keyboard , and others . though your question says you are probably rather looking for the former : if it is just for the keyboard , the latter is the easier approach . while installing a complete language pack may provide you with support for your language in other apps , you should be aware the language must also be explicitly supported by that app itself .
try to identify the location of the driver on the system ie , windows/system32 then uninstall the software and the driver from device manager . once you have done that return to system32 or where ever its located and delete it . reboot your system and try installing the old drivers .
i do not think it is possible to open this file on your computer . it can only be read by the htc sms app . if you still have the sms on your phone you could install sms backup and restore which will allow you to back them up as xml which you can then print from your pc .
in case you no longer have a copy of the sms on your phone , but have backed-up the sms to your pc or email , you need a combination of t0mm13b 's comment and bmdixon ' s answer . as mentioned , it is not possible to open . hbk files on the pc . what you can do is : restore the . hbk to your phone as sms in your sd card , make sure you have a folder called sms_backup . if this does not exist , create it . this will be in the same level as the Android folder . copy the . hbk file to the sms_backup folder restore the sms from the sms settings export the sms as . xml using sms backup and restore email the . xml file to your pc after downloading the . xml file , open it from a program like notepad or microsoft word , and print . take note that xml has a weird structure , so expect to see a lot of tags ( in greater than and less than signs ) .
i would try and clear the cache of this application menu settings applications manage applications all market clear cache just to see whether this should help . you might also want to click the ' clear data ' button but than you must login to your account again .
there is no file that i know of for changeing keyboard layout . you might want to try to change the settings for your phone to english and then back to german . that might help reseting the keyboard layout , depending how htc have set up the firmware the you used when you reinstalled the phone . if that does not work , you could try to use adb from googles android developer site . there you can set localization for your phone without using the menu in settings . that should be the same thing though . tells how to change localization on a device through menu and using adb command ( which is advanced ! ) . android developers dev guide , device also some instructions how to change/test localization on an android device when you test their tutorial program on localization . android developers resources , test localized if this does not work , you could always try to install another software keyboard from the market or reinstall the android firmware in the phone .
i think the easiest way would be to flash a stock german rom , and completely wipe out the broken settings .
i solved this by overwriting keyboard layout in my rom backup file from stock german rom , and flashing the new " backup " back .
goal if you have the ota image downloaded and , as in my case , ended up without success you should be able to adb sideload &lt;filename&gt; it still manually ( video here ) . problem/error . . . unfortunately the ota update via adb sideload errors out with : where /system/app/Drive.apk could be any system app . who is not to blame ? twrp is not to blame , i thought so in the beginning , but it would work with twrp as well . titaniumbackup pro . since i rooted my device and use a power-user feature , i should have known of its side-effects . now i do know , though : ) . . . and there is a good chance you learn about this from this answer now . apparent cause of the error using titanium backup pro i had used the " freeze " feature to get rid of some of the system apps , namely : asus keyboard calendar calendar storage com . android . providers . partnerbookmarks com . android . sharedstoragebackup com . google . android . voicesearch exchange services gmail google one time init google play books google play games google play magazines google play movies google play music google search google text-to-speech engine hangouts iwnn ime iwnnime keyboard ( white ) one time init this was apparently why the adb sideload bailed out early with the error message given in my question . i also uninstalled some of the system apps , and i think i remember " drive " ( remember ? : /system/app/Drive.apk ) was one of them . the solution i found the solution over at forum . xda-developers . com in this answer . the gist is that if you have a modified image , you need to restore that to make the ota sideload succeed . first download the stock image for the build you currently have . make sure it is the correct one for your device . so i was trying to upgrade from JSS15R to KRT16S on the wi-fi version , which meant i needed to download the 4.3 (JSS15R) image . that was the file razor-jss15r-factory-ec2d4f76.tgz in my case . i then unpacked that which gave me a subfolder named razor-jss15r . inside of it there were shell scripts , a .img file and a .zip ( image-razor-jss15r.zip ) . the latter needed to be unpacked . then i had the .img files in the folder i unpacked the .zip into : boot.img cache.img recovery.img system.img userdata.img then i followed the steps outlined in the linked answer : boot into bootloader ( keep volume-down and power pressed directly after turning it on ) connect usb ( make sure before that , that all usb drivers are installed ) change into the folder with the previously unpacked .img files check from the android sdk prompt that you see the device with fastboot devices . then execute fastboot flash system system.img which will flash a stock system partition note : unlike in the linked post , i left out the step with the fastboot erase system because that is apparently implied by fastboot flash system system.img as can be seen from the output . i also left out fastboot flash boot boot.img and fastboot flash recovery recovery.img because i thought it was unlikely that these " partitions " had been modified ( i was right ) . you may need the latter two , though . it would probably depend on what you have modified that prevents the adb sideload step ( i.e. . read and understand the error message ) . here 's the output : et voila , a clean system that can be ota updated . so in short , you may only need to fastboot flash system system.img from the stock image you are running , if you ever get an error during the verification phase : Verifying current system... "/system/&lt;SOME&gt;.apk" has unexpected contents. E:Error in /tmp/update.zip (Status 7)  download for factory images ( nexus 7 , both ) factory images " razor " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( wi-fi ) factory images " razorg " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( mobile )
the vulnerability towelroot used has been fixed within android 4.4.2 . check your version . plus , as you can read here , geohot , developer of towelroot , now works for google , so probably there will not be updates . i would not recommend any other root method : it could invalidate your warranty . see this article .
your restriction ( no 3rd party apps ) will keep a better fitting answer away , i would say . what you describe is a task not for tasker , but for . . . oh , i shall not mention it you wrote . . . your problem is most likely that tasker very well catches the boot_completed event , but the apps to kill have been waiting for the same . so when tasker looks to kill them , they are not yet started . your task thus finishes without anything done , and whoop ! then the unwanted apps start . so if you really want to do this via tasker , i would insert a Tasker -&gt; Wait at the very beginning of the task . play with the values , start with 15s and increase in 15s steps until either it works or your reach a point where it is unlikely to work ( say e.g. 2 min , or you see the apps have started and your task did not kill them ) . if that still does not work , combine it with switching the condition : in case tasker really cannot catch the boot_completed ( well , tasker itself is started then ) , switch to " monitoring start " , and start over with 15s wait again . finally , though you did not want 3rd party apps , just in case you re-think that : autorun manager does this job quite fine , without any hazzle . on rooted devices , it even can disable other intents than just boot_completed listeners .
i am practically certain that the soundwire app will do what you want it to do ( if i have it the right way around ) .
it requires setting up a semi-server app on your laptop , but you could do this with the logitech squeezebox software . install the ( free ) server software onto your laptop from here : http://www.mysqueezebox.com/download this will index all of the media on your laptop and give you a web based interface to your library . then you can use something like the squeezeplayer app on your phone to connect to the server and play what you nominate .
vibration on my samsung , which is a galaxy s3 , is controlled from within the messaging app itself . start the app . settings > notifications > vibrate . uncheck .
go to Settings , and under the " wireless and networks " section tap More... . there should be an option called Default SMS app . tap it , and select the " now sms " app . you should be all set now . [ edit ] : apparently , google deliberately disabled the sms functionality on cell-enabled nexus 7 tabs ( both 2012 3g and 2013 lte tablets are impacted ) with the 4.4 update . the recommended solution is to flash a custom rom that re-enables the setting . keep in mind that this will require unlocking the bootloader , which may void the warranty .
if you are rooted , you can push this collection of media files to /system/media/ without root , android should still locate the files if you place them in a folder on your sd card called " media " and retain the rest of the file structure from the zip .
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
yes , as you have guessed on devices that support automatic screen brightness , there is a light sensor , it is typically a small hole on the side of the screen . not all phones have a light sensor ; for example samsung spica lacks one , though you can use the power control widget to quickly change the brightness .
only the root user can set the date . if your phone is already rooted , just type su enter to get into a root shell , then the command you want to run . if your phone is not already rooted , you will need to get root access first . see how do i root my android device ?
i had the same problem as everyone else and tried everything listed as a resolution . i then did the following and it worked : type in code *#7284# which will bring you to the phoneutil screen with pda , modem , and qualcomm usb setting options . click the qualcomm usb driver option and select the mtp + adb option a little message will appear @ the button of the screen saying saved , now just press the back button all the out to the normal screen . i then powered off my phone , took out the battery , sim card ( tmobile ) and micro sd card , put them back in , powered the phone back on and then plugged it in using the usb cable ( not original that came with phone ) and it started installing the usb drive and then worked . this had been bugging me for 3 months and i finally got it to work . hope this works for everyone else as this issue was frustrating . addon note ( from a user with a vzw galaxy s3 ) : this worked for me but i had to activate the hidden menu by dialing *#22745927 and changing the hidden menu option to " enable " and then entering the above code . dial this in the keypad without calling it . it should bring up the menu after entering the last number .
i had same problem and endlessly researched and did everything except hard reset . then , when testing the usb cable on another phone , i realized that i was not using the usb cable that came with my galaxy s3 i9300 . once i plugged in the " stock " usb cable , my phone was instantly recognized . why this is i do not know as the cable i had been using works on all other devices i tested . it even charged my galaxy s3 i9300 . perhaps , you could be using your wife 's usb cable on your phone . to avoid frustration and countless hours of testing , resetting and reinstalling i would recommend to everyone to first make sure you are using the usb cable that came with your phone instead of a generic one or one from a different model galaxy s3 . hope it works for you ! good luck .
just faced exactly the same problem with my motorola defy mini . . . . . so was researching what to do . . . . luckily found a solution . . . . when nothing comes in the notification bar and pc does not recognize then> > go to device manager > > my comp> properties> > device manager ( left bar ) look for your device ( it should be under portable devices and should be marked with yellow exclamatory sign ) uninstall all of them ( you may more item there other than your phone ) after that go to usb tether mode from your mobile from settings and turn it on . then the " turn on usb storage " with a android bot standing screen will appear . tap to turn on . you have to do it twice . first time turn it on it will automatically turn off . then again tap the button and this should solve the problem . ( that moment you will see another notification about tethering in the bar , do not do anything with that ) . i will be happy if the problem is solved . . . . . : )
download mpt ( media transfer protocol ) porting kit and then install it to your computer . you can download the mpt porting kit installation file through the microsoft’s official website directly . reboot your computer . reconnect your mobile phone to your computer by using the usb cable .
also experienced the same problem . in my case , discovered that the cause was from doing a backup in qpst and forgetting to revert the usb settings . i.e. *#7284# to access PhoneUtil &gt; "Qualcomm USB Settings" &gt; set it to "MTP + ADB"
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
i know it is an old question , but i just formatted a card ( 2gb ) as fat32 . it was fat ( 16 ) and at this size the total available space is reduced . was 1.90gb , now 1.88gb . now comes in the question of effeciency . under fat the files are in 32kb cluster . if you have text document , it is probably smaller than 32kb , but it will take up a full 32kb cluster . under fat32 the size should be around 4kb , that will be better for small files .
while there is an android port for x86-based devices -- that is , regular pcs -- i am not sure if it is ready for normal use yet . even if it is , you will not get that large an improvement of battery life : android may be optimized for using little power but desktop linux has the most important power management features , e.g. cpu scaling , as well . but 1.2 hours of battery life is really bad for a netbook . since it is an old one the battery might be worn out . in this case you will have to replace it but a compatible new one top get decent battery life again . before you go and spend money on a new battery you might want to make sure that management does actually work on you computer . you should find help on how to do this in your distribution 's or a general linux support forum , or possibly on superuser .
for information about seeing log messages , look at the answers to how can i view and examine the android log ? note that the behaviour is different between 4.1-jelly-bean and prior versions . android users do not work like users on a normal gnu/linux system , so unlocking the lock screen is not a " login " in the same way that logging into a terminal session , through an x display manager , or via the network are on a gnu/linux box . failed attempts to unlock the lock screen are not logged . the log is meant as a debugging aid , and log messages are not stored forever , so the lock screen application would have its own way of storing failed attempts . in general , the android engineers at google like to keep the logs quiet on production devices , so system apps have a lot of logging that is turned off in the official build . there is nothing to stop a device oem , or an unofficial rom , having more logging for failed unlocks ( or any other events ) . you could compile your own rom to achieve this , but doing so is way beyond the scope of this site .
have you seen this ? not to be sounding smart or anything but i think this is something similar to what you are looking for - a sandbox to protect the android internals , the above was designed for kids so that when they play with it , they cannot do destructive damage to android , or mess with settings etc , apart from shoving it into the microwave or anything like that .
deploying the devices with a custom hardened rom should work . there are several mdm solutions out there . check out the following articles for details from a design point of view and also deploying it in an enterprise . designing secure android apps securely deploying android devices ( something you might want from a mdm / policy point of view )
you can not . . . unless you manufacture the device by yourself . you can not stop power users from flashing rom which would flush your software based protection ( even if you have embedded the solution in rom to survive factory reset ) . unfortunately , almost all devices in market support it . if not , there are ways to hack bootloaders , too . if you are still interested in software based solution , try contacting soti . they provide such type of solutions at a cost .
netaddictfree for android is able to block or restrict access to others apps . in your case , it is possible to block the " parameters " apps .
if the application has been downloaded previously , and the certificates does not match , android will display the same error . make sure you have uninstalled any previous versions of the application and then reinstall the application . if you can not find your application in the app drawer , you should go into setting-> application manager and then uninstall the application . or the second reason may be that the app is not compatible with your android version .
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
it depends on your carrier 's technology . according to wikipedia all the encryption used in gsm ( a5/1 , a5/2 and a5/3 ) have been cracked ( albeit some are more difficult to decrypt than others ) . a5/2 , the least secure of these , is no longer in any gsm-related standards ( and newer phones should not implement it ) . a5/3 has not been decrypted in 3g , but people have cracked it . gprs and edge ( gsm 's data protocols ) - the " g " or " e " above your network signal status icon - may also be vulnerable . it depends on your carrier 's encryption level . some carriers do not encrypt gprs data at all . others will use the gea/1 or gea/2 - which both have a publicly available tool called " gprsdecode " available to crack them . gea/3 is " relatively hard to break " , but the recommendation is to upgrade to gea/4 , which uses 128-bit encryption . umts ( aka 3g ) is more secure , meaning that your data is safely encrypted . to be certain that you are actually using your carriers network , your carrier needs to have implemented usim , and your phone needs to support it - which is guaranteed if your carrier supports umts and your phone supports 3g . however , to get these additional security features you need to use umts - which means your phone can not be on " prefer 2g networks " mode , and your phone can not connect to 2g networks . now , as for " doing nasty things while your phone is off " - i really do not think this is possible , but perhaps you can clarify what these " nasty things " are ? and also perhaps where you have read about this . tl ; dr depends on your carrier and if you use 2g networks or 3g networks .
mine works . . . i have loads of passwords saved on my work computer and they are available on my tablet .
hi i am trying to restore my imei number and i would like to unlock the network the phone is on . i can get onto the service mode screen but there are not any menu options . i have re flashed the phone and still not got any menu options
from http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/mobile/android/market-policies.html , product removals : from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . in such an instance , google retains the right to remove those applications from your device remotely , at its sole discretion . if that occurs , google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of the product , if any , from the originating developer on your behalf . if google is unable to recover the full amount of the purchase price , it will divide any recovered amounts between the affected users on a pro rata basis . from what i can gather from above , it seems that the app in question will be removed from your device and you will be entitled for a refund . ( not strictly a full refund sometimes ) the app fails to be removed from the device and you may not get a refund . ( though i suggest you can contact google in this case ) if the app exists on your device , you can use it any how and it is not under jurisdiction of google anymore . and answer to you alternate situation , again , yes google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of product and the refund option will probably work .
since jelly bean ( android 4.1 ) , it is possible to disable notifications for individual apps . long-press on the notification and go to App Info or go to Settings -&gt; Apps and then choose the ebay app . uncheck the Show Notifications checkbox ( detailed description with video here ) . notifications are most useful if an app needs your attention but is currently not in your focus . so i do not think there is a system setting that allows to stop notifications when the app is closed and to reactivate them if the app is started . maybe you can send a feature request if that setting would make sense for this individual app . you can contact their mobile support team , find out how on google play .
do it in the app directly : ebay app ( home screen ) -> settings ( below wow list entry ) -> notifications -> none
if you have debugging enabled , you can use adb to pull files from the phone . if you can not remember the names of the files , you can use adb shell to enter the phone 's shell and then browse the filesystem with normal unix commands , such as ls , cd dir , cd ..etc . once you have a list of files to copy , use adb pull /sdcard/path/to/file.ext localpath/file.ext . if you prefer to use a graphic interface , install the full sdk and eclipse , then use the ddms view to browse and copy files .
onik 's right that adb is your best bet for retrieving your apps , data , etc . but to get it all , you need to be rooted . xda has an extremely simple guide for rooting that fortunately does not require the use of the screen , it just requires usb debugging . once you root and start adb shell , try entering su before anything else . if the prompt changes from $ to # then you have root privileges . if it fails , adb probably gained root privileges automatically . now you can access the full contents of the data partition and other areas normally off-limits .
go to settings -> backup and reset . then check ' backup my data ' and ' automatic restore ' . an alternative is to use an app like ultimate backup or titanium .
the google does not saves your apps . i have tryed that . i was downloaded 380 mobile security and it detected 40 viruses . i pressed clean all and a rescaned : the viruses was not removed . i performed a factory reset and the viruses was removed . this is the solution when you have many viruses on android . my tablet model is:maxwell maxtab h10
forget the wifi network you are trying to connect to from your mobile . turn off your router and turn it on . try connecting to this wifi network again
you mentioned using titanium backup for removing apps , but another nice but not so well known feature is tb 's ability to give you a breakdown of what is taking up space and where . open tb click the ' overview ' button at the top , if you are not already there at the bottom of that screen you will see a chart of your storage items and usage . press your finger anywhere in that section and you will be brought to the ' overview of app storage use ' screen . from there you will see a breakdown , per app , of what is taking up the most space , in what areas . since you are already in tb , anything you want to uninstall you can just click and do so right there .
if you get an error like " insufficient memory " , " storage low " , or the like , this usually refers to the /data partition . that is not only where user-installed apps go to , but also their data . you tried to free some space by deleting " pre-installed apps " . they are usually referred to as " system apps " , as they reside on the /system partition . so deleting them usually does not free up space on /data ( to be more precise : it only frees up little , as those apps store their configuration and data there ) . which explains why your " delete operations " had not the desired effect . following the insufficient-memory tag , you will find a lot of questions dealing with this issue . i heartly recommend you visiting its tag wiki first , which gives you some " first aid " . for more information , check the highest frequented questions next . if there are still remaining points , feel free to ask a new question addressing those . ps : this 3-step of " tag wiki " , " tag faq " and " remaining questions " fits in many places . unfortunately , our tag wikis do not receive the attention they deserve . . .
did you look in your " library " ? i recently did a factory reset and i can see all of the apps that i would previously had installed , not just the ones i have only just gotten around to .
unfortunately , if you did not pay for them , i do not believe the market saves any record of your downloads . if they cost money , the should show up under My apps in the market after a fresh system wipe , but free apps should be backed up with titanium backup or astro file manager , both allow you to simply reinstall your apps at any time .
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
revert ? if the os itself is not sleeping properly , you can not do much else besides install a kernel or rom that behaves better .
if it is a wi-fi issue , have the stand by settings changed with the new installation ? settings-> wireless and networks-> wi-fi settings menu-> advanced-> wi-fi sleep policy has this setting changed from to never ( which will keep the wi-fi on all the time ) ?
have you tried updating the battery statistics ? it is said to help with battery life in some cases . charge the phone completely . while still on the charger , boot into recovery . in recovery , reset the battery statistics . reboot the phone . when it has booted completely , unplug the charger . run the phone until the battery is completely flat and the phone turns off .
this says you should be able to use the " google drivers " after some minor tweaking . if your device came with any software for your pc , it will have the " official " drivers though , and i recommend using them . you must have android sdk installed before you can proceed . if you don’t have it already , proceed to our guide on what is adb and how to install it . make sure you download the google usb driver package as well . open the google-usb_driver folder that you will find inside your android sdk folder . open the android_winusb . inf file in notepad or any text editor to edit it . add these lines under [ google . ntx86 ] or [ google . ntamd64 ] depending on whether you are using 32 bit or 64 bit windows . if unsure , it is safe to add these under both these sections . ; nvidia tegra %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_0955 and pid_7000 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_0955 and pid_7100 and mi_01 don’t edit or replace any other text that is already there ; just add these new lines and save the file . open a command prompt window and enter this command : echo 0x955 > > "%userprofile% . android\adb_usb . ini " you will also have to enable usb debugging in settings -> applications -> development . edit i would try this first : this site has the " official " drivers for the tablet . you will still have to enable usb debugging , as i mentioned above .
if you can not boot the tablet and hard reset it in the settings , you could try to flash the official software using a computer and the tools/image available at http://pipo.cn/en this also does a hard reset . you can put the tablet in download mode by holding one of the hardware keys and pressing reset while connected to the pc with an usb cable .
i think this is a manufacturer specific feature , not an android feature . my nexus 4 running 4.4 has no power saver mode . my htc one running 4.4 does have a power saver mode and although i can choose what aspects of the phone i want to limit to conserve power , i am not told how / what they do to save the power . i guess this will be chosen and set per manufacturer but for example , on my htc device in power saver mode the options are ; cpu power conserve cpu usage display reduce screen brightness vibration turn off vibration feedback data connection put to sleep when screen is off have you had a look in your settings menu ? it may well tell you in there what is being limited .
not a direct answer , but there is an effort underway to improve the mobile versions of the stack exchange sites . stackexchange-url i have used my android browser to interact with the stack exchange sites and it works pretty well .
there is " droidstack " which allows to browse the questions , users , tags and monitor for statuschanges , but it does not allow you to question yourself or write an answer . but you can open the current question , user , whatever in your favorite browser anytime . this comes closest to writing . there are other tools , with similar restrictions , but i think droidstack is the best of the ones i tested so far . the problem is , that writing to any se-site is ( currently ) not allowed via api , only via webinterface . writesupport is planned for api-version 3.0 , and will be bound to other reputationlevels then via web as stated in " announcing api version 1.1" on stackapps.com?
stack exchange app is there in google play . you can ask question using this app .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
once the tunnel is created , you should connect to mysql using localhost:1234 .
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
use the original odin firmware and flash it to stock via odin .
the component name is specified as the package name , then a slash , then the name of the class . so in this case , the command you want is:- am startservice --es toggle toggle com.urbandroid.lux/.TwilightService  for future reference , and to help avoid confusion : the intent is the name of the message you are sending to start the service . the thing that you want to start is a service , not a " service intent " , and the thing you found in the manifest is a service , not an intent .
thunderbird is not an email service , it is an email client . therefore it accesses an email service from the internet . if you have an email client on your phone , or use an online one , as long as they are both accessing the same email service they will be synchronized . it is probably better to use imap as it works better for synchronizing multiple clients .
anything can go wrong , including issues that permanently brick the device . that said , galaxy s devices are compatible with a tool called odin that can fix all but the worst problems . example process . i personally flash pretty much anything i feel like onto my vibrant , and odin has saved me many times . i would not hesitate to flash something i wanted to try out , but you may wish to be more cautious .
effectively nothing . the two desktop torrent clients , utorrent and bittorrent used to be developed by two separate groups . late 2006 , µtorrent was purchased by bittorrent inc . since then , they started shipping bittorrent as a re-branded utorrent , but also kept utorrent around . wikipedia because of this , they maintain one program , but have two versions separated only by name , and it seems as though they carried this over to their android apps as well .
if you can pass the usb control of the device from the host to the guest , then it should be perfectly fine . this requires the closed-source version of virtual box . source
have you tried the manual from the international site ?
the lock icon when you turn on your phone shows that the phone 's bootloader is unlocked and does not show if it is rooted or not . just use the tool to you used to root and unlock the bootloader to unroot and re-lock the bootloader it . for info about the razr xt910 have a look at this link by flashing a rom or rooting your razr voids motorola warranty terms . even if you flash the same rom your razr came with . 3 . all the devices are divided by regions . this means you can only flash a stock rom designated for your razr region . common regions are : latam ( latim america ' n canada ) - europe - asia - pshasia - me - china - korea - japan ( *
i think the easiest way would be to find a textarea where you can input big text , and then just take a screenshot and upload it to what the font . that is probably the easiest way .
the default font in android devices is called droid . i think droid sans might be what you are looking for .
if you are looking for the name of the font you have changed to , you can use the website what the font .
i do not think there is such option in android , but if you know your phone 's model you could always google it . for instance , if you look at wikipedia article about galaxy nexus , you would see that it supports all four gsm bandwidths ( 850/900/1800/1900 ) . just have a look at " compatible networks " section in the box on right side .
wikipedia and the xda-developers wiki should be a good resource : gt-i9250 on xda wiki gt-i9250 on wikipedia
if all you did is download an . exe file , you have nothing to worry about . it is a program for windows , and it can not run on your android phone . just delete the file you downloaded to make sure no one copies it to a windows computer by accident . but if your router is infected by malware , do not use it at all . it can intercept and impersonate every website you use and visit . it can steal any login details you enter on websites and pretend to be you .
just play the elements . a very cpu intensive game . if you add a lot of stuff to make the simulation very slow , you are sure to use the cpu on full . meanwhile you could use gps fix to constantly use your gps . and you could leave your bluetooth on . all this at the same time ( especially with the sgs2 and cyanogenmod ) you might end up using more power than your phone can recharge .
enable your gps and use navigator to some location you are not going to that is far away . then watch a movie on your phone with brightness on max . this will get the job done .
watch a movie with full brightness , download a large file , while enabling wifi tethering ( this is a great battery drain ) , gps , bluetoth and wifi at the same time .
in order to drain your battery just run something cpu-intensive like video playback . if you want to wear the battery out ( make it lose capacity permanently ) you need to follow the guidelines for prolonging the battery lifetime but in reverse - cause deep discharges and mildly overheat the battery .
if you know some basic programming , you can write an application that just do some random calculations ( e . g . calculating primes , factorials , or even folding proteins ) , request cpu lock , prevent screen from turning off , turn on gps , bluetooth , wifi , turn on vibrators , record videos , etc .
i found a solution . i do not know if it is the best place to do such a modification , but i was able to edit the default emulator skin at development/tools/emulator/skins/HVGA/hardware.ini  and set hw.keyboard=no there .
if you are looking for adb logcat output , it is not necessarily stored on a file in the android sdk directory . in order to access it , follow the following steps ( assuming you have the sdk installed correctly ) : 1: plug in your phone . 2: type adb devices in your terminal or cmd prompt if you get a result like " command not found " , you may need to navigate to the platform-tools/ directory inside the sdk folder using the cd [directory] command . if you get a " list of connected devices " result , but the list is empty , then you have a configuration error . you may need drivers for your phone , etc . . . 3: type adb logcat . the terminal/cmd prompt will begin to output logcat messages in real time . you can do what you want with the output , including save it to a file .
you can not do it with the same google account that is made to sync with other clients . only alternative is use a separate google a/c imo .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
go to settings→storage→apps scroll to google contacts sync open this app select disable you can now add contacts without the pop up saying it will sync with google . it will say phone-only unsynced contact . also when disabling google contacts sync , a warning will say " may affect other apps" ; click ok anyway . when done adding contacts go back to storage→apps , select disabled ( top right ) : google contacts sync will be there re-enabled , and your good to go .
i do not know sogo-connector and synthesis sync clients , but i am sure it is possible to select an account for synchronization . look for mylocalaccount in google play store . this allows to create a local account . once the app is installed nothing happened . even you will not find this app in your list . but now you are able to create an account which is a local one . you have to go to system settings -> accounts and create a new one . now you see a new account and you are also able to add contacts to this account . of course you have to configure your connector to add this account for sync operation . i am using myphoneexplorer to sync ( in combination with mylocalaccount ) all these things with success since almost 3 years . generally it does almost all i want to do . i can sync from different pc 's ( home and office ) . what i cannot do is to sync to different devices , for example to phone and to tablet with the same database on the pc . do you know , is this possible with your solution ?
a work around is to go via the phone dialler icon , click the three pips on the bottom right for options and select new contact . this will allow you to create a local contact , but no need to add the number here , just add the name . once your done , go back to your message , click the options button and select ' add people ' . it will allow you to add the number to an existing contact , so pick the contact you created a moment ago , selecting the device type . hope this helps .
you should be able to find it in /data/data/com . android . contacts - check the folders inside there . if it is not in there , then i am afraid i have no idea where it could be stored , as that is the only place that app could store it is files . next time , i recommend syncing them with your google account .
the stock android keyboard does not have abc layout . however , there are some keyboard apps which have abc layout . slideit english - abc pack is an example . you can find some more if you search for " abc keyboard " on google play .
i published an alphabetical keyboard that is now available on google play and androidfreeware .net.
the stock , aosp android keyboard does not have the abc ' old fashioned ' keyboard layout , however some manufacturers package their own ime ( keyboard ) , that comes with this feature . some manufactures are lg , and sony ericsson that do this ( sony ericsson xperia devices do ) . afaik the stock samsung ime does not come with this option - however , you can download 3rd-party ime 's that have this layout format .
there is a keyboard available that is on the app store , it is designed for dyslexics who have difficulty in recognizing the letters , the problem with the qwerty layout is that dyslexics cannot " see " the letters and looking all over the keyboard for it , have a mate who suffers from it , and this was born out of the idea when i watched him struggle with the touch keyboard . this keyboard is actually from stock aosp gingerbread source , with letters re-arranged into abc layout . it is available here on play store . edit : disclosure , i am the person responsible for the aforementioned app .
it should not matter whether you are looking at it in the android browser or the facebook application as either way on someone 's timeline at the top there is a photos link with the latest picture of them as the thumbnail for it . clicking on this will take you their photos . the person 's albums will be displayed at the top of the photos page and the photos of that particular person below that .
there is no need to run your own ota server . you can use the infrastructure from https://www.otaupdatecenter.pro
there is a default aosp email . apk that is easy to setup with exchange--- i suppose you would have to be rooted in order to get the email . apk into your /system/app but you can get one from : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/latest_version/google_apps and http://goo.im/gapps/ but you do not necessarily have to be running cm-- just make sure the base version matches up to yours . most rooted roms come with a good exchange app--- if you prod around forum . xda-developers . com , you could probably find one that does not require root access to install .
the stock email cient is not working after i updated ics 4.1.2 cyanogenmod 10 . i am using nito desk touchdown and its very reliable .
though i know of no definite way , i would suggest looking them up on appbrain . additionally to the " permissions " tab we had in playstore before their " win-8 relaunch " , that site offers a tab " permissions and concerns " , where some things are pointed out . it might also be worth taking a look at their search results : spam apps are " filtered " at appbrain , so they show up single-line instead of full-heights in the result list . while all that might only give indicators ( and no definite answers ) , it is one step in the desired direction at least . a second step would be searching the web for reports . including the app names ( with links ) in your question might also give you the chance somebody here recognizes the one or other .
Framework-res.apk basically contains the elements of the graphical user interface for the phone . this file is available at /system/framework/framework-res.apk . poking in this file would mean changing the complete look and feel of your device . since it is the main element of your screen , replacing it directly by pushing it through adb would lead to soft-brick . therefore , this apk should carefully be modified and replaced using the recovery module of the phone . check this link for details on the same : modifying the framework-res . apk ( theming the ui )
from my coding experience , i can say the following as my understanding : if you are familiar with application development terminologies , this framework-res . apk is just a resource library . continuing with that assumption , other modules , libraries depend on this file to get images , sound etc . for example the boot animation sound is embedded in this file . every resource will generally be given an identifier through with the other modules load and they will just assume or take it for granted that such resource will be available in this file . generally there will be a manifest file which will index all the resources ( images , sounds etc ) against its identifier . the code segments that maps the resources against its identifier and that fetches the requested resource will be compiled against one platform/version/library and hence tweaking and recompiling if not done carefully will make the framework-res . apk incompatible with its consuming modules . depending on how things are implemented , you would get away with an error , but developers can not expect to verify everything and they have to take certain things for granted ( like presence of a resource as it is they who had planted it ) . hence usually the consuming module freezes and hence the whole phone appears to be frozen as system modules as well depends on this apk .
i guess there must be a backdoor for this because i have read in a news article that it will be possible to upgrade ( officially ) the os on samsung galaxy without connecting it with a usb cable to another computer by means of a new " kies " app from samsung . so , it is possible for an app ( in this case , at least the kies app ) to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well-protected ( requiring cryptographic signatures from samsung perhaps -- just a guess ) . and the article told that one should install the " kies " app ( if it is not present ) through the " samsung apps " app . ( i have not tested this myself because i have been using the device without a sim-card , but the " samsung app " app wants a sim-card . . . ) so , it is possible to install an app that will be able to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well protected ( perhaps , only an app from samsung can do this ) .
use rom manager app . it can install roms from sd card . you can download your favorite roms using it , too . and , samsung galaxy s is officially supported by it .
( i have read it must be possible to flash an update stored as a file on the device in a recovery mode . ) indeed , " procedure b : ( does not require adb ) " from galaxy s i9000 howto section ( on forum . xda-developers ) must enable me to re-install the os without a usb cable on a non-rooted samsung galaxy s : copy the customrom/root file to the "/sdcard/" folder on the phone and ( if not already the case ) rename to " update . zip " restart in recovery mode by pressing an holding volumeup+home+power . wait for the recovery screen en select " apply : /sdcard/update . zip " wait for it to finish and reboot .
apps and their data are stored on a different partition ( /data ) from media ( /sdcard0 ) and removable storage ( /sdcard1 ) . if you are rooted , you can use an app like disk usage to check what is taking up space on your internal memory .
open your phone application and go to Recent &gt; Settings &gt; View By and set it to what you require . however , there is an issue on certain samsung devices that once you press the back button , this setting is lost . it will also often be lost on reboot . if you are affected by this , then change the setting and just press the home button . it will remain like this until you reboot . if you are not affected then it is a one time thing . alternatively you could download a different dialer / call log application and just use that . samsung 's own one is quite slow i find .
sony has software on their android devices , called timescape ui , which does what you are looking for , unfortunately it is only for their phones . i have had a look around and can not find any alternatives . if you look in the market , timescape has a load of plugins - it is such a shame they do not open it up to the android community as a whole .
i had an issue connecting with esfe to a win7 pc . this did the trick for me : go to network adapter configuration -> tcp ip 4 settins -> wins -> enable netbios over tcp/ip . esfe is looking for netbios over tcp/ip because android probably does not natively run netbios protocol .
when you input the username , use host\shashi where host is the netbios of the windows machine you are trying to connect to : that is , the name that it is listed under after you scan for machines to connect to .
the easiest way is to use a barcode you could e.g. create with an app like my qr code generator . if you do not want to install an app for the purpose , there are also web services available like e.g. goqr . me -- simply search google for qr code generator vcard . the result is a qr-code -- a simply image you can put on your web page . on android ( and other ) devices , a qr code reader ( best known and widely used on android is barcode reader ) utilizes the camera to take a picture from it , analyzes the coded content , and then offers an appropriate action . in case of a vcard , this would e.g. be to add it to your contact list -- exactly what you intended . of course you could simply export your contact data in vcard format for download ( on opening that , the user would get the same choice to add the content to the contacts ) . you also could combine both , linking the qr-code image to the downloadable vcard ( make sure the file extension of the vcard file is set to .vcf , so the web server gets a chance to set the correct mime type -- otherwise it may be treated as " plain text " and opened inside the browser instead of being downloaded ) . this way a visitor could either use a barcode reader , or click on the code to download the vcard . thus it even could be imported to apps on the pc : ms outlook , gnome evolution , and others understand the vcard-format as well . troubleshooting : if you linked the vcard .vcf file for download , and it still only gets displayed in the browser window , here 's how this can be fixed with apache web server ( solution by mrglass -- thanks ! ) : edit your apache config ( or , if you cannot access this , edit/create the .htaccess file in the directory your .vcf is stored ) to contain the following segment : &lt;FilesMatch "\.vcf$"&gt; ForceType text/vcard Header set Content-Disposition attachment &lt;/FilesMatch&gt; 
how do you know it is not a driver problem ? you have tried different cables ? hopefully one that is confirmed to work with another phone . have you tried a different computer ? if its still dead to usb- then it sounds like a hardware issue with the phone , if you are under warranty then take it back !
i hear these symptoms quite a lot from the galaxy s : usb charging does work , but the galaxy s does not get recognized and no usb data connection ( mass storage , debug , etc . ) is established . this seems like a hardware design flaw , which hopefully got fixed with newer models . i think you should return your phone and have it repaired .
maybe this will help you thanks , to my samsung galaxy 3 ( gt-i5801 ) is not being detected in my pc -- what should i do ? : unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . plug the usb cable .
turns out my center pins ( 2 and 3 ) on my galaxy s were dirty . try cleaning the port ( or plugging in the cable many , many times ) see this question for the description of the pins micro usb cables that only charge but no data , no mounting etc ( samsung galaxy s )
you do not need a custom rom to get root . geohot 's towelroot works for all s4 variants except your i9500 which has a different chipset . so if your firmware is i9500xxufnb3 or older , then try : 1 ) go and download the " philz_touch_6.12.8-i9500 . tar . md5 " located on this website http://goo.im/devs/philz_touch/cwm_advanced_edition/i9500 2 ) download and extract odin 1.85 to a folder , from : http://www.datafilehost.com/d/138bbdea or here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=581913 3 ) put your phone in download mode ( turn off phone , then press power + home + volume down at the same time until it goes to download mode , then proceed according to the screen instructions ) - video : http://youtube.com/watch?v=5kmyhws2ffi 4 ) download deknox removal script from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=2365214d=1383345163 put the zip to your phone memory 5 ) now go to the philz recovery you just installed ( turn off device , press power+home+volume up button until it goes into philz recovery ) and flash the deknox removal zip 6 ) after you flash the knox removal script you are ready to go rooting your device : -in philz touch , go to philz options / choose re-root system / choose yes apply ( supersu ) -wait until it finish , reboot and install supersu from playstore -once installed , open supersu app / it will ask you to update binaries click on update as normal ( not twrp ) -once binaries are installed reboot your device -root done . or find a guide on xda to your exact version of your rom , which you can find in settings > info about your device .
on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . in particular , an sms app might have permissions " edit your text messages " , " receive text messages " , " read your text messages " , " send sms messages " , each one saying whether it applies to sms , mms , or both . they are pretty self-explanatory on the face of it , but there are some subtleties . " receive text messages " means the app will be notified ( by android ) of a new message as soon as it arrives . this is normal for an sms app , or for a few apps that use a special sms to validate your phone number with some online service ( such as facebook ) . in contrast , " read your text messages " lets an app get data from android 's database containing your message history . this means it can see messages sent from different apps , or messages you sent or received before you installed the new app . any text message you can see in the stock sms app , this app will also have access to . again , this is normal in an sms app . " edit your text messages " gives the app write access to that same database . for example , the app uses this to save messages or drafts to your message history . again , this is completely normal for an sms app . but it could also be used for an app that illicitly sends premium sms messages to delete the records afterwards . like any permission , it comes down to trust . it is on you to decide if you trust the author of this app to only use these abilities the way you want : not just now , but in future versions of the app too until you you uninstall it .
while it is hard to say why that happened last night beyond some guessing , it is possible to track down any future issues . install betterbatterystats ( it is open source , and it is available for free outside of the market if you are comfortable installing apks from " unknown sources" ) and let it track your usage . it will give you more detailed information on what exactly is using your battery by way of cpu time . my guess is you had an application that kept waking the screen .
keep in mind that on the battery usage screen even though per-app breakdown always adds up to 100% , it does not represent the full capacity of your battery , but rather only the used portion . in other words , if your phone is reporting current battery level of 65% , the breakdown is for the other 35% . since nothing really happens overnight , it is not unusual for the " screen " to be shown as taking 90% ( again , that is 90% of the used up 35% ) . that just means you have used the screen for a little bit , and then nothing else consumed too much battery . it is possible that you had too little charge left over from the day before and not having the phone plugged in overnight pushed it over the edge .
it must be user error , because nxp tagwriter and tagstand writer both let me select fields from a contact to include now . i did switch to a contact in the phone as opposed to browsing for a vcf file .
i have found nfc tools to be a good app for this . you can write several default tag types , but they also offer a " raw " format , where you specify the mime type/header and content directly . i was able to make a version 3 vcard with a small png image included which worked well on several android devices . just be sure your vcard format is in spec when you do that , and be careful of space issues . most nfc tags can not hold more than a few hundred bytes , most on the market are under 1k .
yes , such apps are genuine . i am not familiar with kik , but assuming it is similar to way2sms , they gain advertising revenue from page views . kik mentions having over 120 million users and way2sms has 40 million+ users . for example for the 40 million users of way2sms , assuming that the advertising rate is $0.01 per 1000 page views ( i am not sure about the actual rates ) . and assuming an average of 10 page views per user per week . which gives 400 million page views a week . then the advertising earnings will be $4000 per week . ( the above is just an example , i am sure i made a lot of wrong assumptions ) so the way2sms business model is to buy messages from network operators and give these messages free to the users , and recoup the cost from advertising revenue gained from page views . i am assuming kik does somethig similar . a brief interview with the founder of way2sms can be found here . and another article here . edit : i did some reading up on kik , i did not find much but i think they use a freemium model where their app and basic services are free but they charge for some additional services . for example , they charge money for some stickers .
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
i just went to market | downloads and selected the app . the " allow automatic updates " checkbox is at the top of the page and checked , allowing me to uncheck it . i also have a motorola droid running 2.2 . is there a particular app with this behavior ? maybe it is a system app that requires automatic updating .
i just had this happen to me ( htc incredible , android 2.2 ) . an app updated automatically , i decided to turn auto updates off , and the checkbox was gone . happened with two happens , my tracks and maps , both from google . i found that if i pulled down the notifications panel and tapped on the " successfully updated " message for the app to make it go away , then returned to the market page for the app , the checkbox had reappeared and i could disable automatic updates . tapping the notification also starts the app , so it could be either removing the notification or opening the app once after the update that made the checkbox reappear .
i had the same problem and found this post . the check box finally came back after i force closed the market and reopened it . i think this is the primary reason it will not let you change the " automatic update " option . hope this helps : ) epsilon
first reason , the gps can reduce power consumption if the gps is turned off , however if the gps is turned off and the user moves too far away , the gps will have to redo a lot of initialization calculations ( which can take about 5 minutes in typical gps device , though can be slightly faster if the device knows an approximate location or if it does not need to be too accurate ) , this initialization wastes a lot of power and so android usually keeps the gps turned on for a while . the gps driver uses those parameters to make decisions whether to turn off gps or keeping it turned on will be much more economical . second reason , poorly written applications are much more difficult to write with how android 's gps api is . if the gps driver simply fired callbacks as fast as it can , then poorly written software can just process as much as it can , instead of filtering only those that it needs . also , this kind of api forces programmer to explicitly think about their frequency and accuracy requirement , and allow the driver to better manage power vs accuracy tradeoff . in many cases , in areas with high cell tower density , android might decide to simply use network location and on other places to use gps when the network location is unreliable . all that can be done transparently to application programmers .
gps is a passive technology - it does not get notified of a new position , it works it out by listening to the gps signals it receives and doing some maths . the options in gps apps that allow you to choose the minimum distance are there to make your location appear more stable - small variations in your calculated location would otherwise make for lots and lots of waypoints on your track ( if that is what you are recording ) , making for a much increased filesize . depending on what your app does when you change position , you might get some power savings by increasing this value , but that would be down to the app doing less with the position once it has it , rather than by getting your position less frequently . the glympse app , for example , continually sends your position to the glympse servers . if you could choose how often to update that position you could maybe save some power , but you would not be saving any power on the gps side of things .
winamp will need to be installed for android systems . you should not have to do anything if it is an iphone , ipod , etc as they will play and detect the . pls stream . also i am not sure and would like to find out myself if this type of stream is supported for other pads and such except phones as i am trying to build a mobile site for my station . any info ?
i believe you need to install winamp or another shoutcast-streaming client .
running adb logcat and rebooting my phone worked for me . requires the android sdk though .
if you have the adb drivers on ubuntu , try performing the tasks of installing busybox and su manually as detailed here - http://androidforums.com/a52-all-things-root/586982-how-root-any-android-device-manually.html the author has used nautilus on ubuntu to perform the requisite tasks . ymmv , though upon reading through the thread . as a workaround , perhaps you could use the root methods detailed in the relevant xda thread ( s ) on a windows machine .
i had the same problem on cyanogemod 7.2.0 htc wildfire . in the end i simply stopped the tb service through the android application manager and ran the batch operation again . it will continue restoring all the apps that have not yet been restored . this is a workaround , not a solution since you should logically be able to hit the home button and continue the batch process by simply accessing the notification .
the default browser does not have extensions , but what you are looking for might be found as android apps , for instance : " bookmark sort and backup " ( bookmarksb ) . the bookmarks themselves are considered part of android not of the default browser , but the addon would only have use through the default browser and there are changes made to the options in browser that you will not see in other browsers from installing this app . for serious stuff like effective ad blocking and changes to the hosts file you would need root access , before you can use full features of such addons , and in particular modify your hosts file . the hosts file would apply to your entire system not to a specific browser or application .
no you can not flash an international rom on your device . because your phone 's configuration is different than international version . details are given below : chipset : qualcomm msm8960 snapdragon ( at and t ) ----- nvidia tegra 3 ( international ) cpu : dual-core 1.5 ghz krait ( at and t ) ----- quad-core 1.5 ghz ( international ) gpu : adreno 225 ( at and t ) --------- ulp geforce ( international ) if you flash this , it may brick your phone . see this
i searched for that one click root tool and found a post in xda 's amaze 4g forum that has a mac version . i would expect it to be the same as for the zte score , you can try it out anyways : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1310115
it is not a one click solution , but there are solutions depending on what you want to achieve : you can install android sdk and perform rooting with adb by using the tools extracted from a one click solution package ( the linked instruction uses the tools from a superoneclick 1 . x package ) . you can use heimdall ( which works fine on a mac ) to install a cyanogenmod rom . i did this using these instructions for samsung galaxy tab .
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
the pattern is not very safe , because you can simply do a data wipe in recovery . and you are in the phone . in addition the pattern can often seen in the screen , because you swipe everytime you unlock your phone this pattern .
at least on most phones you can just hold down the volume key/keys to get to the fastboot/recovery . from there one can easily get adb connection , even if you do not have usb debugging on , and access straight to the internal memory . from there it is even possible to root the phone to make it possible to edit internal files and disable the lock , like power-inside suggested . all this can be done in several minutes !
it is insecure depending on a few cases* . here 's a sample of an exploit that a hacker or an above average user can do ( with the adb tool and the phone connected to a pc ) :- exploit 2 * may only apply on rooted devices . ( not all adb commands require root though ) " usb debugging " should also be set prior to using the adb tool . but as eldarerathis said , some devices can also be rooted through the adb . in fact , a skilled hacker may also find loopholes for gaining access to the internal data . ( perhaps even find a way to utilize the adb without the usb debugging option ) the android pattern lock also has many glitches making it relatively unsecure . here 's an example . . while the exploits mentioned above and certain glitches may be fixed by google in the upcoming versions , a pattern lock remains a pattern lock . ie , it can be considered as a mere solid gateway to using the android 's user interface . a pattern lock does not encrypt the contents of a phone . it will not stop a hacker from playing around using the adb shell . he can view the internal memory of the phone etc using the adb tool which is freely provided in the android sdk also , the internal memory is pretty much compromised as there may be other ways to mount it or read it . all i can say for now is it would be better if you disable " usb debugging " unless you need it , as an added security measure .
you do not even need much technical know how to crack most touch screen phones . there was a white-paper written recently about the security of touch screen lock mechanisms ( and pattern locks in particular ) and breaking into these devices using purely the greasy smudges on the screen to get the unlock code . 8 conclusion in this paper we explored smudge attacks using residual oils on touch screen devices . we investigated the feasibility of capturing such smudges , focusing on its effect on the password pattern of android smartphones . using photographs taken under a variety of lighting and camera positions , we showed that in many situations full or partial pattern recovery is possible , even with smudge “noise” from simulated application usage or distortion caused by incidental clothing contact . we have also outlined how an attacker could use the information gained from a smudge attack to improve the likelihood of guessing a user’s patterns . . . . smudge attacks on smartphone touch screens ( pdf ) the rest of the paper is well worth a read too .
you might be able to get some of what you want from carat . this app is a project from uc-berkeley to measure what is using your battery and how your battery life compares to other people 's devices . it does not directly measure cpu , but your resource hogs are going to use more battery by implication . from the description : carat will tell you which apps it thinks are hogs ( they use a lot of battery ) and which are bugs ( they use a lot of battery on your device but not most others ) . being a hog or a bug does not make an app ' bad ' , but a user trying to improve their battery life can use these designations to adjust their behavior . == carat features == action list telling you how to improve your battery life and by how much device information detailing exactly what data we are recording reports apps that are using lots of energy and whether that is happening on other devices , too detail views let you dive down into the data and see graphs of energy use low-overhead sampling requires almost no energy or cpu j-score tells you how your battery efficiency compares to other users sharing features let you post/tweet/blog about your experience ; more users means more data which means better recommendations for you
i had the same problem and today i did find what was causing my problem . it just started yesterday , 2 weeks after i got the phone . and the only thing that was different is that i started using a generic ac charger that arrived yesterday . when i suspected it was the charger this morning , i switched back to the white samsung charger that came with the phone - and when the battery was fully charged , there was no ' beep ' , just a notice on the notification list . screen did not light up . so i suspect that the generic charger i had just received was overcharging the battery , and the phone must be designed not only to do an audible alert , but to keep repeating that audible and screen-on alert until the phone is unplugged . i have the phone charging on the white cable/plug that came with it , and i have a spare for travel . that is the charger i used up until yesterday - and never had a problem . so i think this resolved my problem with the battery full alert - and i will update again if it turns out that my problem is not fixed .
i am answering my own question , because i somehow solved it . i downloaded the battery doctor app ( the one featured by clean master ) and created a scheduled profile for night that has timeout set to 5 . also enabled ' charging screensaver ' . it is ok now . battery doctor takes over the touchwiz uselsss popups and notifications , and forces it to stand by after 5 secs . it is all ok now : ) . this is the app i am using : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ijinshan.kbatterydoctor_enhl=en
chrome 's tab switcher view is only available on phones , not tablets . this is by design , since phones do not have space for the tab bar that tablets have . the chrome documentation describes the differences between phones and tablets in how you work with tabs .
this is not a special extraterrestrial thing . the default user does not have root privilege . all those binaries are removed which can grant root access to default user . /system partition ( which contains sensitive files ) is mounted as read-only . as only root user can remount a partition with r/w access , you are out of luck modifying those files . .
yes , you are talking about wake-on-lan . and as far as i know , the device to be awoken this way must be plugged-in via an ethernet cable ( how else ? when it is turned off , so is its wifi ) . as for the network : either both devices have to be in the same network , or you have port-forwarding enabled on the router connecting the different networks ( otherwise your target cannot be reached ) . now for the remaining part : how to use your android device to trigger this ? you were asking for tasker -- and yes , that should be possible . there is a locale wake on lan plugin ( and locale plugins do work with tasker . i cannot see that tasker natively supports nfc -- but there is e.g. a youtube video , so there must be a way -- hm , maybe this locale nfc plugin ? so now there should be everything complete , and you can start testing : )
i tried everything too . but after a while , i had to install a fresh version of windows 7 and to my surprise , samsung galaxy s connected with usb .
i would try uninstalling all your drivers/software for the phone , rebooting , reinstalling the official drivers from samsung.com/uk, and trying again . you could also just install the drivers on another computer that has never had the phone connected , to ensure it starts in a clean state . if that does not work , i would guess a trip to warrantyland is required .
i had a simular problem , it was caused by moisture getting into the terminals while using phone in the rain . terminals need to be cleaned or replaced
i will give here a solution which i found when i had a similar problem ( note : this answer was already given in this question ) . it really took me some time to find this solution , and to be honest , i seem to be the only one with this problem/solution , but maybe it helps other : -- my answer to a similar question on this site -- i had a similar problem when i still had my palm synchronization software installed . for some reason or another , it used comm port 4 for it is communication ( do not know why but it did ) , and that conflicted ( probably behind the scenes ) with the communication with my galaxy s . once i uninstalled the palm synchronization software , the connection went fine . so please check if on your pc some sort of other communication device is installed .
i had similar problems with mine - plugin on usb , it would charge but do nothing else . it would not even recognise the phone was attached to install drivers . after some internet searching , i was ready to give up . . . but i tried on a different usb port . . . and more importantly , used an old usb cable from my old phone . suddenly all sprang into life ! so my suggestion is to try a different cable , i think cheap cables are not all made equally . charging worked with either cable , butif the pc knows something is plugged in and istalls the drivers then this is not likely to be your problem , unless you have a dodgy connection in there somewhere .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
i finally got it working . i did a factory reset on my device , then logged in to my google account and then installed my applications from the android market on the device . then when i did another factory reset and logged in to my account again , my applications were restored . previously i installed applications through the android market in the browser (market.android.com) and they got sent to my device . maybe those ones cannot be restored ? i do not know for sure .
if you go menu -> settings -> privacy there are two options . they are back up my data and auto restore . are they both checked ?
you seem to have the correct options selected , though it can take awhile after you sign into the market . try appbrain with fast the fast web installer companion app , its always been a great alternative access to the market . it produces separate lists for each device you use and it looks like you can restore apps based on whatever list you select . alternatively , you can not go wrong with titainium backup if you are prepared to root your phone . not much it can not do .
i was using google maps latitude ( afaik shipped with stock android ) for that purpose . latitude is now integrated with google maps .
if you have froyo or newer ( 2.2+ ) you can use seekdroid ( market link ) or for lower versions the same company did find my phone ( market link ) . i have tested only seekdroid , works great with the web interface , with find my phone you only get the gps coordinates via text message , but you can input the coordinates to google maps for example .
disable antivirus in your system before extracting superoneclick and while running it
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
you can use twicca with the plugin " multi image " .
the current version of the app defaults to the official service .
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
you might have an app that is adding spurious records to your calling list . do you have any " alternative phone " application ( i had problems with an app called amivox ) . i created a small app to fix the problem for me , the code is linked below . edit : the app source code : https://github.com/gardarh/android-callogfixer ( removed link to binary )
well , i guess this is the answer : how to go back to a stock android rom on samsung galaxy s2 ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj1flxev1lc ) .
well it starts because that is how dev coded it . you can try programs like startup manager that will kill the program once it starts .
as soon as your keyboard appears , pull down the notifications center . there you should see a notification " choose input method " , tap it . a menu dialog should appear allowing you to choose a different keyboard .
when i updated my htc desire x ice cream sandwitch to 4.1.1 , i also lost my trace keyboard . but then i installed the next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
my experience is that the swype option disappeared with the upgrade . at first , i was really annoyed . then i downloaded the swype trial from play . it is so much better than what i had before that i have no hesitation in paying the $0.99 to get the full-blown swype .
i checked a few alternatives and found that the free go keyboard is the closest match to the old htc desire x one as the spacebar is longer and easier to press . however , my phone gets slower whenever i want to open the keyboard to type like sms , whatsapp , etc . could be that the app is slowing down the phone . i wish they had include the swype keyboard in their latest software update . kind of weird that they have taken out a function for an update .
connect your computer with virtual hotspot created by android device . install any ftp server app on android device . it'll not give you ip of device for sure . : ) in your computer , find ip of Default Gateway of wi-fi network of step 1 ( in windows , you can use ipconfig cmd command ) . its the ip of your device . use any ftp client software on computer . use ftp://IP:Port ( port is generally configurable in ftp server app ) . enter username and password configured in ftp server app . done !
a simple way ( once you are set up ) that only requires a browser on the computer side is something like airdroid , webkey , or lazydroid ; which essentially turn your phone into a server , and which you can easily access from any browser ( even outside your local network - with dyndns you can also keep in contact with your handset if it " disappears " , w/o it you will have to see the phone or find it is ip address another way ) . essentially with a server app on the phone that is linked to a dyndns account , you can walk up to any pc , and access your phone no matter where it is ( barring firewalls , no signal , etc ) this allows you to sound an alarm , get gps and other sensor info , blank/lockout the screen , view the camera feed , run/interact with any apps on the phone , and lockout the ability to reset ( short of a batt pull ) . some programs work better than others depending on the device , i have all three on my atrix for full flexibility . i do not like to waste the processing on it , but you can also set up a persistent fileserv or even host a website . for full functionality or even for some of these apps to work on some phones you need root access and to make the apps superusers
i know this is too little too late , but . . . i tried to connect my phone ( lg motion on stock 4.0.4 ) and could not initiate a ad hoc network from the phone to my pc . i wrote this workaround using ' fast file transfer ' app to establish the ad hoc network and proceeded from there . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2272529 with a little tinkering ( maybe the wpa file hack or a custom rom ) i am sure i could get it to work through airdroid alone , but i find the stability of the stock rom as inherently better and this is a quick workaround .
at least on non-touchwiz devices the contacts can be transferred from Contacts -&gt; menu -&gt;Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone ( or Import from SIM Card in later versions ) .
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
when you are in contacts you have to edit your contact list by importing or exporting contacts . there is nothing on the screen to indicate how to do this but pull up the menu by pressing the icon on the very bottom left of the phone ( on the note3 this is not on the screen but on the frame around the screen ) and then you can click on import/export and move contacts to either device or sim . card by just going down the list and clicking on all the contacts you want to import or export .
i do not particularly want to have to delete my entire message conversation with that person just to get rid of an error message ; if anyone knows another way to get rid of the ' failed ' i would appreciate that too . you do not , you just have to delete the message that is failing . long press it , choose " delete " . how do i start a new conversation with someone on the same number ? how do you expect your phone to understand what messages belong in which category ? the only way i see this working is if there is a function to put " all messages from now on " in a separate conversation , but that is not a feature that exists in the standard sms application , and not in any app that i know of . dividing your past messages with a contact in two parts makes no sense , it would be even harder to find a message then if you can not remember what " conversation " you have put it in . not only would you have to scroll back to see it , you would also have to pick the right category . surely it is easier to sort the messages on a by-contact basis and just scroll .
the answer can be found between the lines to the question what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? . there , eldarerathis quotes some trustworthy sources : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . this could mean : if there are processes to be removed , they must be running -- which would be a " yes " to your question . on the other hand , if some app is listed in the recent apps list , that does not necessarily mean there was something left . " recent " means explicitly what the word suggests : the user has recently used that app . do not confuse that with alt-tab on your desktop computer , where you explicitly switch through running apps . the concept on android is completely different . so the final answer would be a " nes " or " yo " . it could be such an app has still processes running . but even if , that is nothing to worry about : unless one of them is a service , those ressources are mostly limited to ram and would be automatically freed as soon as they are required for something else . they do not eat your battery . completely unused resources are , um , unused -- that is , useless . why throw away something we might need shortly ? the user could decide to switch back to that app . so if it is still loaded , it is not only faster available -- but it even requires less ressources ( cpu , i/o ) to activate it again , as it is already there .
have you tried ringdroid ? lots of people seem to have success with it . create your own ringtone , alarm , or notification sound from an existing audio file , or record a new one directly on the device .
afwall+ author here . it should work on cm 7 . x ( i am using it ) . if you have issues please send me logs from menu-> firewall rules-> send error report i will look into it .
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
i have had this problem too , but i have found that it is correlated to low internal memory on the phone . try clearing the cache from some apps and uninstalling the ones you do not use , it helped for me . nexus one 2.3.7
i am sure about the developer 's point-of-view , but it is possible for a user to rate the app with stars only ( i.e. . no title , no comment ) . this must be the reason why you are not seeing content for them .
as far as i know there are no chat/sms applications which will support two numbers of the same user/contact at the same time . if there are two numbers , there will be two threads/conversations .
contacts+ will do that for you . it will also let you have one fixed primary " to send " number . it is great if you only want to send to one of his numbers and he only wants to send from the other . your workmate texts you from number x and you just have to write and send and the sms will be sent to number y automatically .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
rooting your phone gives you root access ( duh ! ) , but that does not mean accessing a shell requires you to root your phone . you can use adb to connect to your device and gain shell access . you can also use connectbot to access your device 's shell on the device itself . this will give you normal access to your device and you will not be able to run su to gain root access . you can , however , modify and play with files to which you have access . vim is available without root access , so , so far you still have no reason to root your phone .
fundamentally android requires the developer to implement encryption directly ( ie , there is no os supplied framework for this ) . to the best of my knowledge , there is no current android hardware with encryption built into to the hardware . the new " black phone " that boeing is reportedly making for the us defense industry is likely an exception to this ( the phone hw was specifically engineered for security ) . basically ios is encrypted by default , and android requires the devloper to implement encryption in their applications .
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
can you not download the image of the clockwork recovery here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2010/02/clockwork-recovery-image.html and do something like : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/&lt;recovery&gt;.img fastboot reboot  note : i have never done this via fastboot before , i have always done it via rom manager so take my advice at your own risk .
roms installed from fastboot on htc devices are different from the roms one installs through recovery . their contents are images that need flashed along with a couple . txt files that the phone uses to verify that they are built for your phone . if the phone is not nand-unlocked/s-off , they also have to be signed . take a peek at the ruu for your particular phone from this xda thread to see how they are structured .
i would recommend you to download some camera manipulation app like vintage camera by fine droid devs though it would have been better if you had mentioned your device .
if you know the exact position to touch for focusing the camera , you can use adb shell input tap &lt;x&gt;&lt;y&gt; . this will simulate a touch on the particular (x,y) cordinates .
before you take a video , focus the camera first . i had a similar issue with a digital camera ( canon s95 ) . sometimes , i would get a blurry video . it turns out that i forgot to focus the camera first , before pressing the record button . the concept would be the same with a phone camera .
why are there any apps starting when the drive is attached ? first you need some background information what is going on there . many things on android are " event-based " . that is , when " something " happens , the system issues a " broadcast " saying so . some well-known and easy-to-understand events include boot completed storage ( un ) mounted ( usually sdcard removed/inserted , or some external drive ) battery low network changed apps can register " listeners " for specific broadcast-events ( intents ) , so they get started/awakened/informed then . again some examples : media-scanner wants to know when a new storage " entity " got attached , to check for music/pictures/videos to insert into its internal database location service wants to know about network changes : if there is a new network , it might be interesting to determine the current location several apps ( far too many ) want to start at boot so obviously , your archive app has registered a listener for the storage broadcast , and similarly your app . how to get rid of that ? for your own app , you could adjust its code correspondingly . but that is no task for us here , but if needed , you can discuss that at our sister-site stackoverflow.com. for all other apps ( the following is applicable to other combinations as well ) , you will need your device to be rooted ( details can be found in the rooting tag-wiki ) . then go to the playstore and get yourself an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , for the following you will need the pro if you decide for this app . i chose it nevertheless , as it turned out to be the best in my tests a while ago ) : autorun manager ( click image to enlarge ) as you can see in the screenshot , autorun manager permits you to disable each listener an app may have registered separately . and their names are ( in most cases ) quite descriptive . so use arm , go into its " advanced mode " , look up the archive app , and check what listeners it has registered . disable the one sounding reasonable -- and your issue should be solved . you can change that anytime you want . whenever the modified app is updated , you will have to do that again . you also can simply revert all changes with two taps , as arm has a specific " restore " feature for that . ps : as you have tagged your question auto-start , you could have hovered your mouse over that tag , and select the " info " link . this will bring you to the tag wiki , where you can find most of what i just wrote ( and maybe even some additional information ) -- so i recommend reading that as well . furthermore , take it as hint for the future : many of our tag-wikis contain first-aid . and in many cases that might already be enough to solve an issue : )
i am not sure if the following will be a perfect match for you , but you always can adjust it once you have got the idea . in my example , i will refer to tasker only : not having worked with the secure settings myself , i can only tell things about it from the hear-say and what i have read . basic tasker knowledge assumed : conditions : State &rarr ; Wifi Connected , parameter : SSID set to your wifi 's ssid State &rarr ; Display is off task : Display &rarr ; Keyguard off 1 this is with plain tasker , and should solve half of your problem : when connected to the specified wifi , and the display is turned off , turn off keyguard . as soon as you turn on the display , the condition is no longer met -- and keyguard would automatically be activated again . problem will be : if you do not take any immediate action , that probably locks your screen again ( first action of keyguard ) . to prevent this , you could try adding an exit task : exit task : Tasker &rarr ; Wait , parameter is the time interval ( start with e.g. 10s ) Display &rarr ; Keyguard on 1 this would cause the keyguard re-activation to be delayed by the given time interval . i did not try this -- it might very well be that keyguard still would lock the device , even though you already might do something in another app . but you have already noted the " footnote sign " , so let 's go for that : 1 instead of handling keyguard directly , let secure settings do that . i know it has the ability to e.g. have keyguard only come up once ( initially ) when a condition is met . this would simplify things greatly : the task then would be Plugin &rarr ; Secure Settings , and the secure settings parameter should be to set keyguard as described : " only needed once initially , then no more until the condition is no longer met " . also drop the " display off " condition : when the display is off , you cannot unlock it either ( you see where your problem most likely was ) . so it should work as you have intended -- after the first unlock . not exactly what you wanted ( one-time unlock is still needed ) , but almost . the exit task would not be required in this case , as tasker automatically reverts back once the condition is no longer met . play a little with this , maybe secure setting even allows for something better .
go download poweramp . best $5 i ever spent on an app . it includes lockscreen controls and i am pretty sure you can set up lockscreen gestures to do whatever you want . i will confirm this real quick on my installation . edit : confirmed on the lockscreen gestures . swiping left and right over the album art will skip the track forward and backward by default , from anywhere in the app or on the lockscreen .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
to expand on chahk 's answer : go to the settings app , and from the personal section , choose security ( on a samsung phone , choose lock screen instead ) . then tap owner info , and enter your name , room number , phone number ( though not of the same phone , obviously ) , or whatever . i found this a bit limiting , especially for working in a big office , so i wrote a lock screen widget to also display your profile photo ( the one that shows up with your name in the quick-access menu ) . this means that if someone picks your phone up while you are still nearby ( say , after a meeting , or at a party ) , they can give it straight to you , rather than having to phone your landline or email you later . i made it free to download , with no ads , because it is a really simple app : i have no financial interest in promoting it here . it needs 4.1-jelly-bean or later because that is the first version to support lock screen widgets . download owner photo widget from google play
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appengine.paranoid_android.lost worked for me .
the clock shown on the lock screen is part of the lock screen itself . the clock on your home screen is a widget . the only way to get the lock screen clock on your home screen is to find a widget that looks the same . there are plenty of widgets on the google play store , and if you can not find one you like you could always write one yourself !
i had the same problem . . . go to play store and update your google+ app and then try to sign in again . it worked for me .
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
that definitely does not make sense . unless they somehow turned off one core ( probably impossible without serious development effort ) and compared the transfer rate to when both cores were on , you can not draw that conclusion . one phone might have a different transfer rate that another , but it has nothing to do with whether one phone has a dual-core processor or not . the speed of the internal memory or sd card and the filesystem are the most important factors , and possibly the efficiency of the storage-handling code . all three can vary between devices .
it is a problem with the google tv os , not the device 's firmware . there was a google tv update that supposedly came down the stream quite some time ago , but my logitech revue never got it . it was supposed to have given amazon instant an actual app instead of the link to chrome which is currently on the device . since logitech is no longer supporting the device , i do not count on ever getting that update , or any updates . what annoys me about this issue , though , is that i used to get hd through chrome on my revue . i actually bought an hd season pass for walking dead at the beginning of the season , and watched the first half in hd . i stumbled across the inability to watch hd content only a couple weeks ago . there must have been a software update on amazon 's end that created this new incompatibility , and since the revue is not getting any more updates , it will continue losing functionality like this . i am going to try watching walking dead via playon to see if it makes any sort of difference . though , that only runs through chrome , also . it does not have its own app on the revue , even though it does on a lot of other devices and platforms . it is only a matter of time before i replace my revue with a roku or something now .
this seems to be a bug on the os ( src ) you have to use a third party app for this . vcardio and bizcard manager/sms vcard are good solutions . former one is preferable and it is free .
these codes are just samsung 's own version codes , and as far as i know , they have no logic , except that they increase alphabetically and numerically with each new release . you will have to either install and check the version they correspond to , or search for news of new firmware releases for your device to see what they upgrade . as for the pda/phone/csc , pda is the os itself , phone means the radio firmware ( gsm/cdma/umts/lte radio chip ) and csc stands for country specific customization ( or carrier specific customization ) , which provides regional customizations such as carrier apns , available languages etc .
when i go into accessibility on my froyo galaxy s i get this : no accessibility applications found you do not have any accessibility applications . you can download a screen reader from android market . click ok to install screen reader clicking ok takes me to the market search page for the talkback app . specifically the market has been searched for pname:com.google.android.marvin.talkback
you probably need talkback .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
by reserving i guess uboat55 means to . . suggest the use of static ip address . you can configure your router to work with static ip address instead of a dhcp service . which i also feel should do the trick . configure your router with fixed ip address and latter use that ip address . or you can even try to assign ip address directly to ur device a . without changing any thing on the router part . just remember the ip address range . eg 192.168.1xx . xxx to 192.168.255.254 and chose any one ip address within that range . and remember the default subnet i.e. 255.255 . xxx . xxx or something similar and the router ip address and use this on ur mobile .
try androidx86 http://www.android-x86.org/download , just download the iso and create a new virtual machine , you only need about 1gb of ram .
if you are rooted , use proxy droid . apps use different settings than the ones u provide in the wifi . so not only will your google play not work but also whatsapp and such apps . for that you would need a global proxy . and for that u need to be rooted . you install proxy droid . install iptables . and then ur done
you need a device with both internal and external memory . if your device have two different mounting points , then you have internal memory . one is for your ( now damaged ) sd slot , and the other is for the internal memory . folder names shoul be /mnt/sdcard and /mnt/extsd ( actual names may vary depending on the device ) . you have two options : change the default storage for your pics . on android 4.0 , open your camera app , click on the " options " icon , there are 3 options , exposure / balance / settings , the first setting is " local storage " , turn it on use a new camera app with options on where to save the photos you take . i love camera360 because of its amazing filters , and you can shoose where to save the photos
another potential solution is to go external . . . there was recently a successful social funding campaign for microsd card readers that connect to the microusb port of android phones . http://www.meenova.com/
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
the general answer i am afraid is " you usually can not " . in principle there is nothing to stop a developer from writing a widget that supports multiple information sources , and allowing you to choose between them . in practice , though , that is often just more trouble than it is worth , as those different sources may deliver their data in quite different formats that the code would have to handle .
only devices with nvidia tegra chips in them can be completely restored to factory conditions . when you root your phone , the warranty is void , and there is no sending it back . you can back-up a rom and before booting , wipe the phone 's rom and restore one of the backed up roms . backing up and restoring is very time consuming , though . you would only want to do that so you could perhaps have an aosp rom , a touchwhiz rom , and perhaps a cm9 or aokp rom as well-- trust me , you will be too busy flashing new updates to worry about switching between backups . head over to http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1346 for the low down on the rest . you can never read enough , really-- the different roms will be under the development section .
ok the gps started working again . i let the phone drain out of battery , then put a charger and let the sony logo show till the charge gets around 80% ( just left it for 20-30 minutes on charge ) . then i removed the charger and hard reset the device ( hold power and volume up key for few seconds ) . the device will shutdown and then restart it normally . google will ask if you had want to permit google to collect anonymous location data . press allow and check gps by opening google maps app , it is working :- ) ps : dunno what worked here ( probably the hard reset step ) , but i put all the steps just in case .
in general , you should never assume that any internet connection is secure . not even if you owned the hotspot . internet is built under the assumption that intermediary links are unreliable and not necessarily trustworthy ( not even your service provider or the backbone operators should be considered trustworthy ) . that is why we have developed various authentication and encryption protocols which can ensure secure communication through these untrustworthy channels . in short , use https or ssl when accessing informations that you do not want anyone snooping on and do not use apps that do not use https/ssl . gmail always uses ssl when communicating with google servers , although last time i checked not for calendar or contacts , though this may have changed since then .
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
i have found a solution . go to supersu > > settings > > " fully unroot this device . " done .
to unroot the device all you have to flash the stock rom on your phone and lock the bootloader again . to do this you have to download the latest android 4.4.2 for nexus 5 on your pc and flash the same on your device with adb commands . so before that you have to install the android adb and fastboot drivers on your pc . first download the newest factory images to your pc and save the folder on your desktop . download link read the full guide here with step by step instruction
yzfr1 's answer helped ! when i installed htc sync there was only adb.exe but no fastboot.exe , using adb.exe and fastboot.exe from the sdk and putting them in htc sync 's directory solved the problem .
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
newer android devices do not support usb mass storage because it has a big shortcoming : the phone and the pc can not access the storage at the same time that way . this is because usb mass storage is a low-level protocol giving the pc low-level access to the whole filesystem . this causes knock-on problems when you connect your phone to the pc:- apps on the external storage can not run while it is mounted on the pc . music and other files on the external storage are not accessible to apps , so even apps that are not on the external storage might stop working or become useless . when the external storage is unmounted from the pc , android has to rescan it from scratch ( see media-scanner ) because it can not tell what has changed . there is no way for the phone to let the pc access the internal storage this way : android can not unmount the internal storage , because all apps need access to it , even the system apps . this also means there has to be a separate partition and filesystem for the external storage , which the phone can cope with losing access to . newer android devices often just have one big partition , and the " external storage " is simply a directory there . it is more convenient that way because you do not have free space split between partitions , but you can not use usb mass storage on only a directory . android can not enforce any filesystem security . the pc has complete access to the exported storage , below the filesystem level . this lets it access any file , and read the raw device data to recover deleted files . this might be considered an undesirable security hole . as eldarerathis points out , the external storage has to use the fat32 filesystem to work this way . this is not a shortcoming when it is a real sd card , but when it is really non-removable storage , it would be more useful to use a better filesystem . ( where i say " sd card " here , that means whatever storage your android device calls " external " , even if it is not actually removable . ) in contrast , mtp is higher-level , and allows android to arbitrate and to share access , just like when sharing directories or filesystems over a network . it even opens the possibility of letting the pc access the internal storage this way , but there are other restrictions around that unrelated to mtp . as eldarerathis explains , you need special software to access mtp devices from a mac , because mac os does not have the appropriate software built-in , like windows and some linux distributions do .
android itself is based on linux , which is designed for case-sensitive filesystems . internal storage is usually on an ext or ext4 filesystem , which is case-sensitive . sd cards are usually formatted with fat 32 , which is a case-insensitive filesystem . although android can support using other filesystems on the sd card , windows pcs can not , so it is unusual to format your sd card with a different filesystem , and if you do this , you can not use the sd card in a windows pc ( via a card-reader ) , nor can you have the phone act as a usb mass storage device when connected to a pc .
you can make folder of family and save all the contact inside it long press on one word is goes for speed dialling case
sure , just open a contact , and long press the number that you want to make as a default contact , then choose default contact ( actual words may differ according to the rom you are using and the contact application , but the way to do it , at least in the standard android is this )
new contacts are added to the internal contactslist at the bottom . they are displayed in the way you want : firstname/lastname or lastname/firstname . when you are called by the family 's house then the phonenumber is searched in the internal contactslist and returns the first match found . what you have to do is : make sure that the family 's house is the first contact te be found . you can not do this by changing it to another name , because that does not change the order of the internal contactslist . one way to do it is : export all your contacts and edit the . vcf file so that the family 's house is above all other contacts . erase the contacts in your phone and import the edited file . another way is to erase all your contacts and type them in by hand , but make sure the family 's house is before the other contacts with the same phonenumber . you must actually do this with all contacts that are not one person , but multiple persons ( i.e. . father and mother ) or a place ( such as the family 's house ) .
i solved this problem by renaming the contact that gets listed when i receive the call . in other words , one of my colleagues was listed each time i received a call from work instead of listing " work landline " , so i edited that colleague 's contact info to be named " work landline " and then i created a new contact for that person . this achieves exactly what fred described , but may take less work depending on your situation . the downside to this is that you may need a call in your log to determine which contact to edit . more explicitly , here is what i did ( note that you can do 3 and 4 from your phone instead of the web and then you do not need #5 ) : called my mobile phone from my work landline identified the contact that was displayed ( our office manager ) used google contacts website to change the name of my office manager to " work landline " used google contacts website to create a new contact with my office manager 's name . waited for my contacts to sync to my phone . as a final confirmation , i looked in my call log and saw that my office manager 's name had been replaced with " work landline "
when you create a new avd ( android virtual device ) . under hardware , click new : from the drop down list of property , select device ram size . click ok . you can now put a value beside of device ram size of how big you want it to be . note : you have to create a new avd . you can not edit them as far as i know .
in the ' create new android virtual device ' window in eclipse it says , " on windows , emulating ram greater than 768m may fail depending on the system load . try progressively smaller values of ram if the emulator fails to launch . " as answered here stackexchange-url there is a . ini file you can edit in [ username ] \ . android\avd [ avd name . avd ] \config . ini that you can edit by changing ' hw . ramsize=1024' to ' hw . ramsize=1024mb ' . i tried it and it worked for me .
enter recovery and delete dalvik/cache . to enter recovery you have to hold Volume up + Home + Power ( the same with Volume down is download mode ) . once in recovery , select the option to wipe cache/dalvik , then restart the phone . if the phone keeps rebooting as it was doing before , try searching the log of the boot sequence to see if you can find where it fails . you will need a pc with android sdk installed and the phone 's usb cable . with the phone off , open a CMD window in your pc , go to android sdk directory and run adb logcat turn on your phone and connect the usb cable . you should en seeing in your cmd window the log of the phone as it boots . once it enters a boot loop , you should be able to check the log and see what it tries to do and can not do ( that triggers the boot loop ) .
the system images system.img are located in the android sdk install directory under system-images/android-&lt;platform-version&gt;/&lt;platform-type&gt; . once you create the avd , in the %USERPROFILE%/.android/avd/&lt;AVD_NAME&gt;.avd you will find the img files for /sdcard/ and /data/ , but /system and such are loaded from the sdk path mentioned above . in order to create an avd you must install the system images from the sdk manager .
while the logcat option recommended by ryan of course is a valid possibility , it is not the most user-friendly solution . i have got a better idea : ) apps started automatically after boot registered for a certain event , called BOOT_COMPLETED . to do so , they need to request this permission ( you find it under " more " on the playstore pages ) called " start after boot " ( or , with its technical name , BOOT_COMPLETED -- what a surprise ! ) . so to figure out which apps could potentially be in here , you can use a permission checker . there are many of them in the playstore , but i will mention only two of them to get you started : permissiondog 1 rl permissions 2 both let you browse your apps by permissions , and even try to indicate " potentially dangerous apps " -- nice side-effect in your case ; )
yes nova prime can organize in your drawer .
this is not a difficult thing to do . you just need to use a 3rd party launcher which is highly customizable . like nova or apex launcher . you could also give " aviate launcher " by yahoo a go which automatically makes a few " categories " as your home screens . but it is nothing like the usual launcher we use so liking it or not will be upto you .
it depends on the launcher . most stock launchers will not , but i know nova launcher ( only prime version ) has folders in the app drawer . it is all manually done , though . other launchers , which i can not name right now , can probably organize it for you .
based on some quick testing i did on my nexus one running android 2.2 ( froyo ) , it seems like all sound is routed through headphones when they are plugged in . you could attach a male-to-male 1/8" ( 3.5mm ) audio cable from the headphone jack on your phone ( or the mini-usb-to-headphone-jack adapter , depending on your phone model ) to the line in jack on your pc . you may need to do some configuration on your pc to get sound from the line in to play to the speakers &mdash ; i recommend sister site super user if you need help with that . there is one caveat : although all sound is routed through the headphone jack , some sounds are still also heard through the phone 's speakers . the two most notable of these are the ringer and the camera shutter sound . depending on what exactly you are going for , that could be an issue .
i rooted my one successfully here . . http://www.tricksdroid.com/2013/12/how-to-root-samsung-galaxy-star-pro.html
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
it does not support this out-of-the box , but you can swing it by using the xposed framework and the xposed gel settings module : install the xposed framework installer open the xf installer and select " framework " at the top of the menu , then press the " install/update " button on the next page reboot install xposed gel settings , either from google play or via the xf installer 's repo interface ( the " download " item on the main menu ) . launch xgels and open the app drawer ( tap the top left icon or swipe from the left edge ) . select " general " from the drawer , then switch on " rotation " on the list of settings . go into the xf installer and select " modules " from the main menu . check the box next to xgels to enable the module . reboot again
the steps you have to take are the following ones : expand the list of recent labels , but this time tap the option show all labels . this will take you to the list of all your labels , in whose bottom you will see the option manage labels : tap there . in the list of labels , tap the one you want to be notified about . by default that label has label sync and notify disabled . tap the option sync messages it will open a popup dialog with sync options . choose and tap one different to sync : none . the above will enable the notifications , now you can choose its options according the way you want to be notified . exit the label options for changes to be applied . from now on , you will receive notifications about unread messages for that label too ( in jelly bean , you will see the extended notification , as with inbox emails ) . you will be able to open the email message tapping on that notification .
not with the original android market , as there is currently no option that would allow an developer to specify the app as tegra ( required|optional ) in the app 's manifest . maybe some alternative markets provide this search filter . but i am not aware of one that does it . off-topic : if you want to know which apps ( mostly games ) are compatible with your tegra device , check out nvidia tegra zone .
here is miui rom for micromax a60 please read install instructions carefully in this thread . if you want to stock rom then its here
have you tried http://beta.swype.com/ ? you need to register with an email address to get a link to download the swype installer .
swype uses a " closed " beta system to distribute its app rather than using the market . you can register for the beta and get a download link for their installer by simply visiting the swype website . disclaimer : i have no idea if the wildfire is " officially " supported , but qvga screen support is noted for v3.0 . the forum thread you linked to in your question is about 5 months old , and qvga was not supported at that time .
go to new message , put your finger on text input box and hold , it'll bring up ' edit text ' , choose ' input method ' then ' swype ' .
swype developers pulled the app from the market in favour of deals with manufacturers and networks to have the app pre-installed on phones . so the only way to obtain it is to find a copy of the app apk file and manually install it . note that there are different versions of the apk depending on the screen resolution ( and possibly other factors ) of the phone .
voice notify may help as well . it is not necessarily practical in every situation ( i.e. . meetings ) , but can be handy at home when your phone is charging across the room and you do not want to have to get up to look at it every time it buzzes .
you should see a notification icon in the bar at the top of the screen . swipe down and you can click on the notification to load the application that generated it . in addition you can install sms popup or something similar to display the details of the sms on screen immediately . i have not found anything like this for email though .
i do not know why this happens , but you may be able to combat the problem with proximity autolock . if the phone 's screen is somehow turned on , the proximity sensor should tell the phone to turn its screen off right away . now , this works when the power button gets pressed ; i would think it would also work when other events turn the screen on , but i am not completely sure .
you can set up a screen lock that requires more that a keystroke to unlock the phone , as to prevent the phone being unlocked when bouncing around inside your pockets : click your phone " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " location and security" ; scroll your way to " screen unlock " and tap over " set up screen lock" ; pick your poison , for me it was " pattern" ; after selecting a more robust method to unlock your screen , even if the unlock screen pops up while the phone is in your pocket , it will be virtually impossible unlock the phone that way .
enable the ethernet port and then use setprop command to enable dhcp . then start dhcp client .
i am not 100% sure about that device , but my samsung galaxy s vibrant would wake itself up when it was on the charger , after it was fully charged . this , to me , was the dumbest thing they did .
apparently its a known issue accordingly to this modaco thread specifically posting #8 still have a standby bug , ( it has a " self wake up" ) perhaps toshiba has released a fix by now , or , try another custom rom , perhaps on xda maybe . . .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
i have htc desire and faced similar problem having to quick reboot . i emailed the developer for which he said : some roms like new samsung gb roms do not have install-recovery . sh and init . d scripts to mount 2nd partition at boot . therefore link2sd mounts the 2nd partition after system finishes mounting and you need to perform " quick reboot " in order to see linked apps . .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
to add to the other two responses , i would venture that if the tablet is low-end enough to not include bluetooth internally , then it is not going to be able to handle an external adapter well or at all . i would also second the recommendation for airdroid . wifi is much more ubiquitous as a form of connectivity for devices , be they laptops , tablets , or desktop pc 's . why futz with bluetooth when you already have a workable solution ?
the google now option for note to self might work for you . . . it does not do a voice memo , but it will let you leave notes to yourself .
that simply is absurd . you will have to lock your screen ( device lockscreen ) to prevent anyone from accessing your phone 's system controls . you simply cannot or would not want to lock the " notifications " while using your device .
it seems like a network problem and might not have anything to do with your phone . try using data services by some other provider . also , try re-configuring the apn settings .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
i have been using picsay ' s free version and been happy with it . i will probably upgrade to the full version which has the ability to sharpen , but just have not really had the need yet so i have been putting it off . i will report back if i do chip down . another alternative would be to use pixlr 's web based editor : http://pixlr.com/editor provided you have flash installed you can use their browser based editor that does have an " unsharp mask " filter .
have you tried using camera 360 . it is a great all in one app and it makes most photos extremely clear . try it . it has a free trial so you can try it before . : )
i like using adobe photoshop express because it makes photos look sharper and a whole list of other things too . i am no photographer , and this app makes my pictures look professional .
i do not think you can without installing a custom rom .
if anyone is searching for a solution here , here 's what i did . i use the " slidelock " app for my lock screen . this way i get ios style notifications on the lockscreen . in the " settings " > > " lockscreen " for slidelock , there is an option to " block home button " - prevent unlocking the device using the home button . i activated that , and now that stops accidental activations or turning on of the phone . hope that helps . : )
existing app users will still be able to receive app updates , even if you unpublish your app . so a existing user can go through google play > my apps , and review your app . only the new users are unable to find it . source : https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/113476?hl=en
go into accounts and sync in settings and remove facebook htc sense and your calendar will be back to normal . stupid thing had my calendar full of birthdays from my facebook that i do not really care about . . . .
there is a downward-pointing arrow on the top right of of the calendar . hit this , and a list of all your calendars drops down . untick the ones whose events you do not want synched to your phone 's calendar .
this was reported in the android central forum here with a link to lifehacker . it sounds like it will allow you to sync your facbook calendar without the birthdays because you are exporting the events directly from facebook . first , you may want to undo the sync that you have going on now . hope it helps . quoting the post from android central : just go to your google calendar thats linked with your google account on your phone and then follow this article . add your facebook events to google calendar in facebook , go to your events page . at the top of that page click export events you will get a pop up window with a url , copy it . in google cal , on the bottom left you will see ‘other calendars ' and below that a link to add . click add one of the new options you will be presented with is add by url , select that paste the url from facebook where it asks for it . and thats it ! when your phone calendar syncs with your google calendar , all your facebook events will show up too and no birthdays .
i simply stopped syncing the sense facebook app to fix this . however , all the contacts i connected with facebook are gone as well which is the down side .
the popup you are referring to exists as to alert the device user that the cellular service as become unavailable . if you wish to stick to a specific network , there is nothing you can do . options for mobile networks are located at : Settings \u2192 Wireless &amp; networks \u2192 Mobile Networks  and there is no option to prevent the system from warning you about the lost of network connectivity . from the above location , under " network operators " , you have an option " select automatically " , that will allow your device to select another network without disturbing you . but by your question contents , you do not want this .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
i have an unbranded german htc desire . it has google navigation installed by default ( iirc , it came with the froyo upgrade -- i do not remember seeing it in the preinstalled android 2.1 . ) .
it could be a manufacturing fault in your particular tablet , but it sounds more likely to be an error in that model . perhaps the system integrator did not put applications ' data on non-volatile storage , or screwed up the shutdown sequence . if this is the case , updating the system may fix the problem . check with the manufacturer . if you edit your question to include the make model name of the tablet , you may find someone else who has one and can help .
i had a chronic performance ( response ) problem with my phone . i suspected widgets as culprits and removed 5 widgets . after this , it works fast . so i would say/conclude that widgets hurt performance .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
one option to automatically send an sms on every missed call is an app available from the google play store : missed call auto sms ( no ads ) missing phone calls ? unable to attend your phone always ? here 's a solution : send an auto sms , instantly . benefits : ★ no ads ★ small app size . ★ free for life . how to setup : install the app ; once installed , open it and type in your sms text : please take note that the sms is the same to all missed calls . also , it will be sent to all missed calls . ( a fee from your mobile network operator may be applied ) what will others receive : recipients of the sms will receive your text message along with some publicity to the app :
the openvpn settings app allows using a plain openvpn binary and tap . that will work up to 4.3 . be warned however routing is done very different in android 4.4 and plain openvpn might break . implementing a tap style api that is similar to the tun vpnservice api is certainly possible but of limited use since you could only use it in custom roms . writing a tap on tun emulator is probably the right approach ( see also faq of openvpn for android )
the default location is already on your external sd card in the /bluetooth folder . it is not possible to configure it up to android 4.1 jelly bean : with the included stock bluetooth receiver you cannot change the location as of now , because it is hard coded . you need a 3rd party app like bluetooth file transfer which might be configurable here . in . /packages/apps/bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/opp/ you can see it . constants . java defines this : public static final String DEFAULT_STORE_SUBDIR = "/bluetooth";  bluetoothoppreceivefileinfo . java has no switch for the location :
the new theme engine , introduced with cyanogenmod 11 and later adopted by other kitkat custom roms , uses a different but simpler structure from past engines . the theme files are all under the assets folder of cm11 theme apks , while it was solely up to the developer as to where to put the theme files in the old theme engine themes . while i have seen that there are some backwards-compatible themes available , they generally specify the target cm versions in the play store app listings . so if play store tells you that your device is incompatible , better heed the warning ; but if you see in the app description / reviews that people using cm &lt ; 11 can install the theme , then maybe you can install the theme manually . tl ; dr try to see if people using cm &lt ; 11 have successfully used the theme . if so , then go ahead !
i am not sure what you think cyanogenmod is , but it is a custom rom . it replaces the whole os on your phone . you need to factory-reset when flashing it because the built-in apps and settings are ( or might be ) saved in a different format to stock android : if cyanogenmod tried to read the settings saved by stock android , it would go wrong . if all you want is to change track using your volume keys , you do not need cyanogenmod for that : just install a music player app that offers that feature .
you should not need to clear the defaults of any application . if you install a new application that handles an intent for which you have already set a default , android will " clear " that default so that the next time you fire the intent ( e . g . , dialing the phone ) you will be prompted with the " choose an app to perform this action " menu . it sounds to me like the app you have installed does not handle that intent , and that for you to use it you will need to explicitly launch the app .
assuming this is not a limitation of this espier app , and assuming you are stock , it may not be possible on a stock touchwiz rom , or at the very least it may be exceedingly difficult . i imagine this is what you are describing when you mention the selection you have , but click a phone number from , say , a google search result , and see if you have espier as an option there . even so , that will probably only " replace " the dialer in that it will load espier instead of the stock dialer when you click on phone numbers . incoming calls will likely still use the stock dialer . are you rooted ? it is theoretically possible to replace the various apks associated with the dialer and contacts in some cases , a good google will probably be necessary for that . it is potentially dangerous if you are unfamiliar with what you are doing , and at that point , you might as well flash a custom rom and be done with it imo .
i am sorry to make you guys take a big trouble to try to solve my problem , i have now sorted out this problem by downloading espier launcher 7 and now the dialer works as a plugin and all is set . thank you for your valuable and precious time , guys !
you can try wiping cache and dalvik before entering the safe mode . a similar problem is addressed on an xda thread here . if the above does not work , you can restore the previous backup ( hopefully a nandroid one ) . if that does not work , you can try flashing cm again . finally , if none of the above works , you can do a full data wipe and factory reset and flash + restore again . yet another approach is manually editing the developer options database via adb as discussed here . adb shell sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db delete from global where name="overlay_display_devices"; reboot  if the above does not work , then as said in above xda thread , delete the developer settings manually as follows ( all system specific settings will be reset ) , first mount /data in recovery : adb shell cd /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/ delete settings.db reboot  if nothing works , the problem could be something different than the secondary display .
while there is some conflicting information , the limit at which the market adds the wifi tag appears to be 25mb .
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
when you initially set up two-factor authentication you should have been given a set of 10 single-use passwords and told to store them somewhere safely for use if the authenticator on your phone was unavailable . alternatively if you do not want to use one of them , log into your google account before the reset and turn on sms message authentication for two-factor . you can then use one of those methods to log back into your google account the first time after you reset your phone . once you are into your google account go through the normal method to reset up the google authenticator for 2-factor and when you get to the point that it shows you the qr code that you can scan from your phone to set up your account , print out or save the picture of that qr code ( obviously make sure you store this securely ) . if you ever reset your phone again , or want to set up the authenticator app on another device , you can just re-scan that same qr code again , it seems to work every time , years apart .
same here , i have used titanium backup to transfer my authenticator settings across 3 devices for multiple accounts and it has worked flawlessly . i only backed up the app 's data though - usually install the authenticator app from the play store then restore the data using tibu . so you could possibly explore the app 's data path and backup those files .
i use titanium backup a lot for when i switch roms ( which is almost every week at the moment ) , and it works flawlessly with restoring the google authenticator . never really looked into any other options though .
you can try few links i am giving you here and if you are really worried much about all your data , then go to data recovery specialist and get data recovered . http://computersaremylife.wordpress.com/2013/09/15/broken-android-touch-screen-cant-unlock-solution/ http://android-commander.en.lo4d.com/ http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html https://code.google.com/p/androidscreencast/ most of these required ' adb and usb connection ' enabled .
i found a few things that helped . i was able to get it to work by flashing stock with oden , reflashing my rom , then downloading the game . i was able to reproduce the issue when i backed up ff vi via titanium backup then recovered it . this seemed to cause this issue until the system was cleared . i will do some more testing to see what in the system needed to be cleared before it would work .
you can not get there from here . as you found out , almost every oem requires images flashed via the stock firmware/recovery to be cryptographically signed by the oem to prevent tampering . considering that they are the only one that are going to have the private signing keys , you are not going to be able to make your own image . the most likely path to a working phone is to get an official image from the oem . for example , ruus for htc phones and odin images for samsung phones . these are generally available online ( in some cases , available from the oem or carrier themselves ) and have the advantage of being properly signed for flashing via either stock recovery or bootloader access . it may be possible to get an official image from the oem support as well . once you have a working device again , you can root ( or unlock the bootloader ) and flash your preferred recovery and restore the backup you do have .
most stock recovery modes require proper , officially signed update . zip files . there are ways to convert nandroid backups to update . zip files or even directly back them up as such but the hard part is actually signing the update file ( there are a handful of tutorials for doing these on the internet , and in part in the official android documentation ) . the signing requires official keys which can only be generated by the manufacturers . getting them is nigh impossible unless you have inside access or very very cooperative support .
not all equipment which uses sd cards can use sdhc cards . it may be that your device does not support the sdhc card you are using .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
yes . just download the nexus ' camera app onto your samsung device and install it . you will end up with 2 camera and gallery apps . they all have different icons , though , so you can visually see which one you want to open . see the following link for a download link and instructions . use the google camera app to create photospheres . note that to view the photospheres , you must also use the google gallery app ( which is also installed ) . http://www.intellectdigest.in/how-to-install-photosphere-on-samsung-galaxy-s4-without-rooting-on-touchwiz-ui-3529/?modpagespeed=noscript direct download : http://d-h.st/tk6 camera icons gallery icons in adw , i created a folder called camera and changed the icon names for the two camera apps to help distinguish between the two . i do not know if touchwiz can created folders or change the icon labels , though ; i installed adw ex as soon as i got the phone .
see this thread on xda-developers unlock motorola droid pro : you simply call verizon and tell them you are going to spend some extended time in europe and you want the ability to unlock the phone and change out the sim card so you can use the phone as a local phone without all the charges , etc . they will then tell you that you will not have the verizon guarantee of service , etc . , if you remove the sim card while overseas . . . . they gave me a code to use when and if i ever insert a foreign sim card in the phone . at that time , it will prompt me for the unlock code .
go into Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All -&gt; Messages . clear the cache and the data for the app the restart the device . i was having the same issue with messages to my wife and it cleared it up . hope this helps !
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
i am going to expand on the previous answer : the stock android os does not see ad-hoc wifi points - this has been programmed in . why google decided this , i have no idea . the wifi access point , as you said , is an ad-hoc network , as such android does not see it . the previous answer tells you how to turn the ad-hoc network into a wifi access point - like the ones routers use . most custom roms allow you to connect to ad-hoc networks as if they were normal wifi hotspots .
in snow leopard ( sorry , i do not have a lion to try this with ) : in system preferences > sharing , enable ' internet sharing ' enable ' to computers using airport ' click the ' airport options ' button and set up hotspot 's network name and encryption . the airport will have to be off for this button to be active . ' ok ' to back out to the sharing pref pane . on the network preference pane , or on the menu bar , turn on the airport . your device should see your mac as a wifi access point .
just use connectify pro full . http://www.connectify.me/hotspot/
droidstats does this for calls , sms , and data : you can place widgets on your homescreen 1 or , with the pro version , even inside your notification area 2 . limits can of course be configured . it even shows data usage on a per-app basis . statistics can show your most-called ( and most-called-from ) contacts , and more . as for data , 3g watchdog even can go a step further and , provided you have apndroid installed , disable 3g data when a configured threshold is reached .
some networks allow you to check how much you have used such as o2 . if you have ics or jelly bean there is a data usage listing in settings . alternatively try apps like these http://www.theandroidsoul.com/best-android-data-usage-apps-for-monitoring-3g2gwi-fi-usage/
you normally have to be rooted to change how the filesystem is mounted .
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
you can attempt writing to /data/local/tmp/ as it is writable even by normal users .
technically no , you do not have to root your current rom before you can flash cyanogenmod on your s3 . instead , you will simply gain root when you flash cyanogenmod itself . this is due to the way in which samsung 's bootloaders work in comparison to the ones on other devices . samsung devices effectively have unlocked bootloaders right out of the gate , but they do not have a way to use the fastboot utility that other devices use . instead , you can use the odin utility ( and a third party , cross platform implementation : heimdall ) to reflash the device from its " download mode " at any time , as the cm installation instructions describe . therefore , since download mode is accessible to the end user without any sort of modifications to the device , you do not need to " root " beforehand in order to install a custom recovery ( and , by association , custom roms ) . the reason why you need root on many other devices is because it is the only way to write to the recovery partition and get the custom recovery installed . often this requires unlocking the bootloader in the process as well .
the spec is simply listed ( on htc 's website ) as such : memory rom : 512 mb ram : 384 mb expansion slot 8 gb microsd™ memory card ( supports up to 32 gb ) the above link is for the us cellular variant , but the c spire version has the same memory specs ( the only real difference between variants is supported bands , afaik ) . gsm arena also reports " microsd up to 32gb " . generally speaking , android devices support any sd card that properly complies with the sd spec . there are no " special " cards for devices - any will do .
once you have put the phone in airplane/flight mode , you can manually re-enable wifi . ( on my phone at least ) this leaves wifi on and the phone radio disabled . it does involve a couple more clicks but i think it achieves what you are after . a quick look round the market showed a few apps that manage this setting for you , for example the " airplane mode wi-fi tool " and " airplane autoswitch " . either of these may streamline the process slightly . airplane mode wi-fi tool qrcode : airplane autoswitch qrcode :
i have been using juice defender to good effect for a while . it turns off battery-sucking functions and turns them on occasionally to allow for syncing and is highly customizable .
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
doubletwist lets you sync your phone 's music library with your music on your computer from itunes ( and windows media player as well , i believe ) either by plugging it into your computer 's usb port , or by syncing wirelessly over-the-air ( though the wireless feature costs a little bit ) . you can find it at http://www.doubletwist.com/ and in the android market at https://market.android.com/details?id=com.doubletwist.androidplayer . another option is to sync your collection wirelessly using google music , though you can only stream your music using it , or download it and play it only using the music app ( cannot be played by other media players on your phone ) . google music is free ( for up to something like 20,000 songs ) and it backs up all your music that you have on your computer ( or that you purchase from the android market ) both to your phone and your computer .
you can synchronize with hotmail since hotmail supports exchange and you can use the outlook connector to connect outlook to hotmail .
you can try go contact sync , there are some mixed reviews on that site about it . on the other hand , i have read good things about gsyncit , but it is not free . it will sync calendars , contacts , tasks , and notes . these are not specific to android , as the information is actually syncing with google contacts , not your device .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
i use myphoneexplorer on windows7 to sync outlook 2010 with my android phone .
i have been using ‘blue syncroid’ to sync my contacts and calendars between outlook and android via bluetooth . used to forget my usb cable and unwilling to share my personal information ( contacts and calendars ) on the cloud to sync my info . pretty satisfied with the solution . simple and user friendly . they also have a trial version launched . highly recommended . visit http://www.bluesyncroid.com for more details . thumbs up !
this was an issue which has been carried over from gingerbread . although it has been long since it was fixed and merged into gingerbread too . it should work out of the box . also could you mention as to whether you are using the latest cm9 build for your device . my friend 's s3 with cm9 does not have this problem . why do not you try wiping your sdcard along with your system once for a clean install .
before you wipe your phone , consider using a free app like ringdroid to assign contacts with specific ringtones or even to just make a custom ringtone out of an mp3 track of choice .
data files are usually kept in either /data/data/ [ packagename ] / or they could be stored on the sdcard . [ packagename ] will be something like com . fitnesskeeper . runkeeper . pro . the data file your looking for will probably be in that directory ( well , one of the sub-directories any how ) . as for if they store the data on the sdcard , most developers do not follow the recommendations to store the data in /sdcard/android/ so if they are on the sdcard , i could not tell you where to even look . i would suggest , after you look in /data/data , to look for the [ packagename ] some where on the sdcard , or look for something with runkeeper in the name .
this is really an " it depends " answer . if you are only installing applications and streaming any media you consume , 16gb is sufficient . if you are copying media locally , 32gb should be a minimum . by way of example , the tablet i was using on my last vacation only had 2gb used . my son 's was full at 16gb with the movies and tv shows we had copied on to last him a week and he ended up watching the same shows over and over .
lg promises but fails to deliver , samsung comes up with the updates pretty quick . tries to cover all phones that might show an improvement with new version .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
in my case , i did a factory reset . to do this : open your phone in recovery phone . hold down the home button , the volume down button and simultaneously press the power button . your recovery mode menu should have an option about factory reset . unfortunately , you will lose your apps and maybe your contacts/sms ( unless you have back them up ) .
see the usb access from guest in hyper-v question on serverfault — in short , hyper-v does not provide any way to access host usb ports from guests . there are some workarounds — mostly “usb over ethernet” solutions . another option which could work for some use cases is to enable wireless adb on the devices , and then access them via the network .
our vnc server , vmlite vnc server , does not need uinput . ko at all , and works on all android devices , rooted or not . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en
it is hard enough to keep it charged with the gps and streaming - i know i do it frequently . i would not recommend trying to share data at the same time . it was not until the latest update that i could even get streaming and wifi hotspot to work without stuttering . i would strongly suggest that you use another cell phone do the wifi hotspot while your phone does the streaming and gps or get a dedicated gps and use the phone for hotspot and streaming . it is a classic example of gps , bt and wifi hotspot , pick any two . but , in the interest of science , i think you should try it ; ) just have a backup plan . edit : be sure to get a high amperage car charger - one for an ipad should work nicely since those require 2.1 amps . that should push a lot of juice to the phone and maybe keep it from dying under all that load .
a computer 's usb port does not supply enough current to charge your tablet . the tablet takes roughly 1a or 1,000ma to charge , a desktop 's usb port only puts out about 500ma . some laptops just can not provide the specified 500ma and will not charge it at all . ymmv you can charge it though , only very slowly , and the tablet has to be completely turned off .
i do not know enough about aviate to know for sure , but i can guess based on the way icons normally work in android . an app 's icon has different versions for different screen dpis , so there is no need to resize nor antialias icons . note that antialiasing is not the answer here : it works by blurring icons , so they still look wrong , just in a different way . the stock android launcher always uses the right icon for the screen 's dpi . ( actually , it uses the icon one size up , because it displays the icons larger than in early android versions when the launcher icon sizes were set . ) if the app does not come with an icon in the correct size , it uses a smaller icon . that is why , if you have what android calls an xhdpi screen ( 240 dpi or above ) , some apps will have smaller icons : it is because they do not have an xxhdpi icon . from what you describe , it looks like the icon pack that is giving you trouble does not have any icons for your screen resolution . perhaps the author of the icon pack did not realise about the different dpis . perhaps it is some limitation of the icon pack format , which is not an android standard . when this happens , aviate is picking the next smaller size and scaling up . there is no reason they could not use linear or cubic interpolation to replace the jaggies ( yes , that is the technical term ) with blurriness . if they are using the standard ImageView component , it is just a question of setting a flag on it when the icon size is wrong . however , that would be slower , and they had need to be careful to only do that when the icon is missing . it is possible there is some reason within aviate that they could not do that ; otoh , it is possible they have just never tried using icon packs with missing dpis , or they want to make it obvious to encourage icon authors to do the right thing .
i use go launcher pro . there in the running tab it shows clock . may be he stock launcher application hides running system processes from showing .
you may try checking the settings -> applications -> development -> stay awake checkbox . note a caveat mentioned in the android manual : " don’t use this setting with a static image on the phone for long periods of time , or the screen may be marked with that image . "
settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings . press the [ menu/options ] button , and select advanced now choose in the wi-fi sleep policy : never keep in mind that your battery is going to drain faster ( because the wifi will never be turned off unless you manually do it ) , and is easy to forget that you changed the sleep policy .
this is definitely an ugly mixup , as shown in the update on verge . just a russian app with the same system id as samsung 's app . . . so no need for hysteria , not everything in russian spells a nuclear threat ; ) .
ive read a few things online this morning about the mtc app being malware or a virus , it does not show in your apps list however it was said that if it is a virus it might be piggy backing off something else installed on the phone , i had it come up on my phone but not sure how to remove it yet
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
from what i have read on xda-developers , it seems to be a russian telefoon company who pushed a update wrongfully to all ( or a big group of ) samsung s2 users . since the update isnt made for phones made cyrillic text , it could cause your phone to crash . so dont install it unless your absolutely sure you need it .
i found a fix . . . this is a piggy-back app attached via a file . go to your phone files , view your files as " list and details . " you should now see the date/times each file was created . delete all files two days before and after when you first noticed the mtc app requesting update . reboot phone and it will be gone from your market . i did this four days ago and so far no mtc app . i never choose auto update for any app due to this reason . hope this helps and good luck .
this answer to #2 in your question is , unfortunately , " maybe " . the cm7r2 hboot ( along with several others ) is maintained by alpharev , and they note in their website 's faq : will this touch my currently running rom ? we try to leave the current rom and datastructures completely intact . it is , however , advised to always nandroid backup your phone before you run this procedure . you will then always have a correct/current backup to fall back on in case something breaks . so it is designed to flash without affecting your current rom install , but it is a bit of a delicate process so there are no guarantees . there is generally always a certain amount of risk involved in these types of things , but especially so when dealing with the bootloader/hboot . make a backup . if you can , copy the backup onto another device ( your computer , for instance ) . always prepare for the worst and hope for the best when it comes to data that you do not want to lose and you will generally be fine . as per your question about whether or not it is worth it - this sort of depends . the reason that some roms support certain versions of hboot and not others is because the different hboots are designed to create different partition layouts on your device . there is a table on the website which details the layouts , and which i will summarize here : certain roms are designed to take advantage of the differing partition layouts , making them incompatible with others . for example , a rom with a lot of stock components and additional packages may need more than 145mb of space for its /system partition , so flashing it on the cm7r2 hboot would not work . it is generally best to stick with whatever the rom author recommends , which does mean that switching may be necessary in some cases .
generally , reboot binary provides a recovery switch . after switching to root , execute this command : /system/bin/reboot recovery this may not work if your manufacturer does not support it . rom manager type apps uses api of android which you can not access via terminal emulator directly .
[ phone needs to be rooted ] in case you are interested in an app solution , try xposed installer and app settings . what is xposed installer ? xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . what are some of the things that app settings can change ? dpi : changes the dpi used by this app both when loading resources ( some might be dpi-specific ) and also when rendering them . font scale : scales the font up or down , similarly to the system-wide " font size " setting .
as far as i know of , there is a " make available offline " option which allows one to select and download the most recent version of a portion of the map . of course , you will need an internet connection to download it first . how to : menu> make available offline ; from there you should be able to select a region to download .
if its not too much data you are looking for , you can try to clear the cache before you want to save something for offline use . but the cache size is not too big , so do not expect too much .
if the issue is truly with messages showing as unread , you can try out this app . i had an issue last year where there was one message somewhere that was showing as unread , but i could not find it at all . it is slow to run , but it eventually marks them all as read ( or in my case just the one ) .
if you have a dropbox account , you can use dropsync to select which folders you want to sync to the cloud . i am sure there are other solutions , but this is one thing you can consider .
by using hotspot shield you can bypass proxy installed on any network
user3262360 , try the following : configure the avd to have 512k ram assign 8 gb to sd space . keep internal storage at 200mib . uncheck the box for gpu accelaration . start the avd and wait at least five minutes to give enough time for the new avd device to load and display the android unlock screen .
so i have managed to make it work by unchecking the option : " scale display to real size . " very strange . . .
it might be a call from google+ . see if the google+ app is installed . if it is , then disable/uninstall it .
that happened to my samsung wi-fi " not smartphone , just touch " . i live in jordan , and i received a call twice from an unknown number . it rang with no sound on the microphone and no sim card . it is really weird , but i think the most common factor is the samsung phone . it might be kind of an emergency call , or the company puts kind of tracking system to see if these devices are still in service .
the best known option for the htc desire is to use unrevoked - http://unrevoked.com/recovery unrevoked has the added benefit of flashing in a version of clockwork recovery . that way you can just boot into recovery , do data wipes , and flash cyanogenmod . note that there is a chance that gingerbread could prevent unrevoked from performing its usual processes . in addition , your previous rooting adventures could have placed an alternate recovery into the phone as well . i believe you can press power+vol-up when starting the phone to invoke recovery mode . if clockwork is present , you may proceed to flash away .
i was able to root my phone using revolutionary . io after all , following the steps described here . however , instead of running ./revolutionary as described on the page , i had to use sudo ./revolutionary to make things work .
you cannot remove the " main " account that is linked to your market account , at least i have never been able to when i tried . i would try rebooting the device , then turn off all " syncing " for that account . i would even reboot again after turning it off . then turn syncing back on . [ edit ] i have also read that someone did the following : changed password via web browser opened gmail application hit menu -> refresh the refresh will fail , but there will be a notification to enter new password .
perhaps try using the gmail app and see if that triggers the password re-entry .
depending on your version , try going into home -> menu -> settings -> accounts and sync . you may need to remove and re-add your google login as i do not see any option to change the password ( in v2.3 ) .
fixed it . i am writing my fix if other people will encounter the same problem . also , that i must stress that this fix will work only for cyangenmod users ! the problem is that there is not enough space in /cache/ , so when the market wants to download a " too large app " , it throws an exception saying " there is not enough free space " . you can see that error if you have the android sdk and you run " adb logcat " , and try to download an app ( you will get " not enough free space in internal download storage" ) . so how to fix it ? the easiest way i found is to download an app called " s2e " . you can try to download it from the market . if you can not , look for the apk , and install it from the sdcard . once you installed it , you can choose directories that will be moved to the sd-ext instead of the phone 's internal memory . check " download cache location : /sd-ext/download " . than click on " menu " and than " reboot " . that is it ! :- )
thanks to @strdisplayname , i figured out how to make it work : if s2e does not work for you either , you can launch an adb shell and type the following commands : # cd /cache # mv download download.old # mkdir -p /sdcard/cache/download # ln -s /sdcard/cache/download download  and it should just work : )
i have never heard of android 1.4 , but it could exist . it could be a dev release or something but just was never widely used . go to your wireless carrier store and see what os the phones should be running . then make a purchase .
you could try entering *#*#4636#*#* into the phone 's dialer application . this should open up a menu with all kinds of data about the phone .
to completely remove them from device , go into : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync -&gt; (select your account) -&gt; Turn "Sync Contacts" off  now delete gmail contacts from your phone : use the method @ames suggested to filter out gmail contacts only delete all contacts ( only gmail ones will get deleted ) revert to displaying other contacts . since contacts will not be synced , this will neither delete your contacts from web version of gmail nor bring them back to your device . just be careful not to turn this setting back on .
depends on the firmware , but try this : while viewing contacts select menu button and then more display options under " select contacts to display " uncheck the gmail contacts .
selected excerpts from the official android 4 platform highlights document : the biggest changes will be for phones upgrading from gingerbread to ice cream sandwich , rather than for tablets upgrading from honeycomb , as a lot of the new ui features were introduced in honeycomb . the ui change is a big difference and brings honeycomb 's recent apps button for easier access to multi-tasking to the main-line android platform along with the system bar that it sits on . the standard lock screen now has quick access to the camera and notifications , and there will be album art and controls for music playing in the music app on the lockscreen . when an incoming call arrives , users can now quickly respond by text message , without needing to pick up the call or unlock the device . improved text input and spell-checking on the standard android 4 keyboard android 4.0 introduces a powerful new voice input engine that offers a continuous " open microphone " experience and streaming voice recognition . to meet the needs of users with tiered or metered data plans , android 4.0 adds new controls for managing network data usage . enhanc [ ing ] the accessibility of android 4.0 for blind or visually impaired users . most important is a new explore-by-touch mode that lets users navigate without having to see the screen . a new people app that offers richer profile information , including a large profile picture , phone numbers , addresses and accounts , status updates , events , stream items , and a new button for connecting on integrated social networks . the user 's own contact information is stored in a new " me " profile , allowing easier sharing with apps and people . an updated calendar app brings together personal , work , school , and social agendas . a new visual voicemail features integrates incoming messages , voice transcriptions , and audio files from one or more providers . the camera app includes many new features . . . continuous focus , zero shutter lag exposure . . . stabilized image zoom . . . users can now take snapshots at full video resolution just by tapping the screen as video continues to record . . . built-in face detection locates faces in the frame and automatically sets focus . . . single-motion panorama mode . . . redesigned gallery app with photo editor live effects for transforming video instantly sync and manage google chrome bookmarks from all . . . accounts android beam for nfc-based sharing [ requires nfc hardware integrated into the device ] face unlock wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi built-in support for connecting to bluetooth health device profile ( hdp ) devices . . . users can connect to wireless medical devices and sensors in hospitals , fitness centers , homes , and elsewhere also your manufacturer , asus , may have added or updated their own specific software , and some of the new features may only be available if your manufacturer has not customized/replaced the original android app .
this settings bar is used by the customer to turn off or on the options shown in the bar . the bar 's contents themselves are not configurable , at least i have not found any area that controls this or makes items here discretionary . most likely would need a special build to remove items . update : doing a deeper search provided a similar question . see the suggestions there , which suggest 3rd party apps to be installed that control contents .
go to the phone settings . click display from the device group , then on the next screen click notification panel . you can add and remove notification bar items from there . not all samsung roms have this option : in particular , i do not think the galaxy s iii had it until 4.1.2 .
you can use smart app protector or similar software . however i have not tested it personally . i use miui rom which have these functions built in .
if your phone is rooted you can try volume+ .
yes , you can try an app like volume master free . there are quite a few that do this :- )
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
dsp manager is by far the best option out there . or there is volume+ https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhhl=en
packages.xml located in /data/system/ contains it some interesting links that might answer your question : export installed apps list export list of apps with links ?
with a terminal emulator app ( or via adb shell ) , you can use the following command to get a list of installed applications : pm list packages  there are some optional switches for this command that will give you more information , such as the location and name of the apk file as well . keep in mind that this command lists both 3rd-party app as well as system ones that came pre-installed on your device . if you are generating the list for the purpose of re-installing the apps on the new rom , you might want to look into the appbrain app market app . once you are signed in with your google account and synced up , it will save the installed apps as a list that you can view and manage online . after installing a new rom , you simply download the appbrain app from the market first and use it to re-install other apps from the saved list by doing the following : launch appbrain app . select the Manage And Sync option . sign in with the same google account as you did before . tap the My lists... button and select the list you have created previously . tap the Add all apps button . this will queue up all of the applications you had installed on the previous rom for installation . go back to the previous screen and tap the Execute changes button which will automatically bring you to the market page for installing the apps .
it has to be related to the website . it is possibly just a pop-up ad . currently there is no known virus for the android platform . there're other forms of malware but no viruses . nevertheless you should always make sure to only install applications from trusted sources .
go into the device settings , then from my device , choose accessibility . from that menu , press talkback , then click the switch in the top-right corner to turn talkback off . after tapping something once to get the yellow box ( and the spoken description of what the thing is ) , double-tap anywhere on the screen to click the highlighted thing .
you can use everytrail audio guide , that is available for android and iphone . everytrail android available at google play , you have a free and a paid version . everytrail iphone you can track your route with your gps while travelling it . you can also add pictures and audio clips .
when that happens , try to see the running apps and services in the background . you will most probably things like messaging apps and other running apps , the app that has downloaded that apk file is most probably still running as a service . it might in fact be the browser ( see if that is running ) . if not , my understanding is that any app can trigger a download in the " downloads " app , so it might not be related . you can get a task killer/manager to inspect and kill apps which you suspect are the source of this , but the one that is in the settings> applications> running ( or similar ) should be enough . tl ; dr trial and error . kill the apps you suspect and see if it continues .
i am still do not know how to answer my question for android os 2 . x , but for android os 4 . x there is a nice feature - you can long press any notification in status bar and choose app info popup menu , which will opens " app info " screen of application , what was created this notification . very nice feature , but i did not find analogue on os 2 . x
probably the quickest fix is going to be when it downloads an . apk , go to the notification , long press it , and when " app info " pops up , click it . it will open in the application manager the app that downloaded it . ( it may not be available on your phone , but it works on my s3 . ) your application manager is another wealth of information . there are way too many specifics to get into much detail about , but for example an app that is supposed to be offline , look at it is data usage . if it has used several mb of data , there is your culprit . you could also narrow down the suspects by looking at the permissions . if it does not require network access , it can not download anything . ( although if this does not work , i am not sure how trustworthy the permissions tags really are if we are dealing with a trojan ) .
i rooted my phone and loaded busybox with terminal and just on a whim , iftop was there . either iftop or tcpdump will tell you everything . tcpdump -i -w mydumpfile . pcap let it run and when you think it happened , stop tcpdump and bring the . pcap into wireshark . it will tell all .
we will there is no fix for this . i have had my n7 for one month and it is doing the same thing described--if it is not plugged in it will not start up . so here is what i have experienced relative to this problem . first the n7 i just pulled out of the box did the same thing . so i brought it back to the store to exchange it and to be safe i tried the next three at the store and they all had the same problem . the fourth one worked for a month . now that it will not start up i called google they would help only if i bought it through the playstore . they passed me to asus who gave me only one option - return to have it repaired not replaced . i am very disappointed in google . they know they have a problem but do not want to say so in the public . very sad
how to get out of car mode . got this from http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/203433-how-get-out-car-mode.html after trying all of the above and nothing had worked . this worked for me . i see that there are only a few posts about this online but no solutions without using apps . i called verizon and told them the issues . they actually had to go back to way earlier models to solve this issue . to get out of car dock mode do the following : plug in your phone to your charger . turn off your phone . turn on your phone . place a call . while in call , remove your charging cable from your phone ( wiggling it a little did the trick for me ) . end the call . the steering wheel icon should be gone and your phone should be back to normal .
i know this is old , but i was having this problem with my lg g2 and finally figured out how to get rid of it . hoping this saves someone else the frustration ! go into settings and under the system heading there is an option for accessory . when you open that , uncheck the " car home " option that says " automatically start car home when the phone is mounted on car cradle " .
the most common reason for the car mode to launch is dirt in your charger-connector . the micro-usb gathers all kinds of dirt from your pockets and eventually starts connecting the pins sporadically . apply some compressed air and you will be fine . let the charger have some as well .
i was able to fix my droid dna by going into developer options and checking " usb debugging "
it is included with cyanogenmod and is based on similar modes in other roms . it is meant to provide you with what you need , but not so much as to distract you while driving . i do not know what is launching it , or how it is doing so automatically , but there may be ways to stop it : stop it in it is tracks if you would like to remove it completely and not use it at all , install titanium backup , choose the Backup and Restore tab , find and select Car Home ( i have version 2.2.1.2 ) and select either Freeze or Uninstall .   note : Freeze will stop the app from running at all , but keep it on your phone . Uninstall will completely remove it . double note : if you choose Uninstall , you may want to make a Backup there with the app first , just in case removing it causes unwanted side-effects . other , less intense options in car mode , click the Right Arrow and choose Settings . from here , make sure that it is not automatically launching when connected to some bluetooth device , and try Reset to defaults , just to make sure nothing else is helping it along . from the home screen , go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications , choose the All tab , and find Car Home . here , click the Clear data button .
yeah . i jus figured all you had to do was use two of your fingers and swipe them down twice . ( -_- ) . that car mode got me worried ! ! ! i though i was never gonna get out of it ! ! !
you can disable car mode in your phone model by going to Settings &gt; Dock &gt; and uncheck auto-launch , according to http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20110814065550aaw9rzc apparently this is a common problem in evo 4g , see : http://forums.miui.us/showthread.php?21516-car-mode-won-t-turn-off http://androidforums.com/evo-4g-all-things-root/343337-car-mode-constantly-randomly-turns.html
i discovered that if you disable the kies air program then the care mode will stop working on the galaxy s2 . click on settings , then find applications , under running process there is a program called " kies air " ( orange and white in color . ) click on the un install updates and then i clicked on disable button . i have a samsung galaxy 2 and the " car mode " has stopped popping up every 2 seconds on my phone
it was a hardware issue for me - need to gently bend the charging port so it does not touch the upper bracket . more info here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/verizon-droid-charge/135723-fixed-droid-charge-stuck-desk-car-cradle-mode.html it is happened to me several times : randomly switches to car mode , desktop mode , shuts off speaker , answers calls only in speakerphone , music will not play through speaker , etc . .
i found another car home issue related to the usb port . on a non-evo someone dicovered that their usb port was bent and they violently disabled it . since iplugged and unplugged my evo 3.1415 million times since i got it , i have played around ( gently ) with the usb port . this has reduced the annoying car home app starts from all the time to 4-5 times daily .
showing the same amount of content on a 4.6" screen would make it prohibitively small in most cases . you would not be able to read it , so putting that much content on the screen just does not make sense . resolution determines how many pixels you can display , but one pixel is not the same size on every screen . making content usable and readable requires you to use up more pixels on a smaller screen because they are more densely packed . for a good comparison , open a web page on a galaxy nexus and zoom all the way out . the same page viewed on a 14" ( or such ) monitor with similar resolution would be no problem , but the text is nearly indecipherable on your phone . from the standpoint of " how is this accomplished technically " - it largely depends on how an app is written . by default , android will simply scale the interface on to the larger screen , which may or may not cause more data to be visible ( consider a scrolling list , for example : more items would be visible on a larger screen ) . that is the most basic scenario . it is also possible , however , for a developer to define entirely different layouts based upon screen size or density . therefore , the layouts on a 7" device may be completely unrelated to the layouts on a 4" device or 10" device . this gives developers a lot of flexibility to create richer uis for tablets ( and other such devices ) while keeping the phone uis useable . this is covered in length on android 's developers site .
that is because the pixels per inch ( ppi ) is different between them . the higher the ppi , the higher the quality but at a cost of ( relative ) smaller screen size . so the nexus 7 has 216 pixels per inch while the galaxy nexus has 316 pixels per inch . the resolution is not everything , you also have to consider the density of the pixels . high ppi values have the advantage that it is hd but it also has a disadvantage which is a smaller screen size ( at a persistent resolution ) . you can read more about ppi here .
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
sorry for the stupid answer , but : the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger . for example , the small letter ' a ' can have a width of 30 pixels on the galaxy nexus , while it only has 20 pixels on the nexus 7 . this way , more letters can fit on the screen . the reason why they appear to be the same size ( e . g . 3mm if you put a ruler on the screen ) is , as the others said , pixel density . basically , pixels are bigger , physically , on the nexus 7 . the reason why the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger is so that you can actually use it without keeping it an inch from your face . if the letter ' a ' would have a width of 20 pixels , like on the nexus 7 , it would be too small to read comfortably ( because pixels are much smaller ) .
you might just use the audio jack . i know this works with headphones when making calls , maybe it would work with playing the audio through speakers too ?
for the " minimal bluetooth device " -- it sounds like your minimum is streaming bluetooth audio ( calls and media ) to the stereo . for that , i have found the motorola t505 to work well with android . it pairs via bluetooth to your phone and has a built in fm transmitter to send audio to your stereo . it handled music and calls very well on my samsung vibrant with 2.1 and 2.2 so your evo should be fine . as far as redundant features -- only that it also functions as a standalone speakerphone , which i considered more a perk than problem .
check that the device supports a2dp and avrcp . you will find many handsfree kits that connect to your stereo support those ( it is what i use ) - check out parrot 's range for examples . then you can use a separate mount and charger so that when you replace your phone you do not have to replace everything .
the explanation is simple , as i have suspected , there is a verification mis-match in the build.prop , see below , the ro.build.fingerprint contains this google/soju/crespo:2.3.4/grj22/121341:user/release-keys but the update performed a verification check on the fingerprint which resulted in mis-match and there-by producing Error code 7 . notice the last few lines of the recovery.log , i.e. the update was expecting the handset to have this version of gingerbread - google/soju/crespo:2.3.6/grk39f/189904:user/release-keys or expecting ice cream sandwich google/soju/crespo:4.0.3/iml74k/239410:user/release-keys this is meaning , that the version of gingerbread on your handset is too old for the update to work . ( its gingerbread 2.3.4 that is on it ! ) am not 100% sure how this recovery is showing the fingerprint as gb 2.3.4 if the op states in the comments that the handset is running ics 4.0.1 so to resolve the issue , you need to flash to gingerbread v 2.3.6 ice cream sandwich v . 4.0.3 first , then apply the update and it should work then . edit it transpires the op is running ics v . 4.0.1 , the update script was performing a check for either 2.3.6 or 4.0.3 which is something that i have missed inadvertently .
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
i am assuming that u have already installed the drivers of the phone on ur pc . to enable the usb debugging mode in in xolo q1000 opus , follow the steps below :- first go to the settings tab and select the " about phone " option in category system . now tap the last option " build number " seven times , for the developer options to show the usb debugging . now turn on the developer options and the usb debugging . download an application for ur pc named as moborobo from this link : &lt ; http://www.moborobo.com/ > connect ur phone to the computer and open up moborobo application on the computer . the application will automatically detect ur phone , if the drivers are properly installed . and until the application is running , the adt will also show ur phone as online device . so u can easily test ur app on the xolo q1000 opus model . well , this is not the proper way to connect the phone , but it is surely an alternative . for any help , reply below . . . ! ! and do not forget to vote up the answer if ur issue is resolved .
i am doing this through goomanager . first of all , you are rooted right ? also , this might seem obvious but i am going to suggest it anyway : have you tried installing it through cwm recovery ? that seems to be the normal way to install/wipe roms , so i would try that first . see howto : using the recovery . also , your rom installation zip might be corrupt . double check the md5 sum on it , if it does not match , try redownloading it . try another rom , might be a corrupt version of the rom ( if it is a nightly for example ) . if you have any questions or additional details , comment and i will update this answer .
you could start with this method . it is basically just two steps : if you used unrevoked forever on your phone , then flash their s-on tool . flash a stock pc36img . zip from hboot . there is also the ruu method , though i think you had still need to run the s-on tool if you used unrevoked forever ( i do not believe the ruu will re-enable s-on ) . either one of these should get you back to a stock unrooted system .
the 3g g900h and the sm-g900h are the same , but sm-g900h is the proper name for it . now that we know those two devices are the same , we can compare the sm-g900h with the g900f- sm-g900h only supports 3g hspa+ networks , no lte support , and will work nearly everywhere in the world except some markets in north/south america uses an exynos 5 octa 5422 processor ( split into a quad-core 1.9 ghz cortex-a15 , and a quad-core 1.3 ghz cortex-a7 ) does not have a good development community for custom recoveries/roms sm-g900f european model supports lte networks ( bands 1,3,5,7,8,20 ) uses a snapdragon 801 ( quad core 2.5 ghz ) has a fairly good development community ( custom recoveries/roms/etc ) benchmark misc sm-g900h has a 133 mhz higher stock ram speed than the sm-g900f , supports hardware assisted virtualization , and is generally more power efficient .
this is a feature of the particular app that you are using . if you are referring to the sms messaging app , there are various sms apps replacements available on google play , you can customize the smiley on some sms replacement apps or disable them entirely .
about the statement the quoted statement is just plain wrong . android ( or it is memory management component ) does not prevent any app from keeping a stable connection to any kind of network service ( e . g . xmpp ) . you only have to deal with fact that android will kill your process if it is under memory pressure . but the same manager that did kill your service ( ActivityManager ) will also restart your service once the low memory situation is resolved . your app simply has to reconnect then . as this will only happen when no activity from the app is in foreground , the user usually does not notice the reconnection , or he/she simply does not care , since the app is in background anyways . your symptoms obviously jabiru does reconnect . and i also think that jabiru does not disconnect intentionally . it is more likely that the data connection went down . the most probable reason for this is that the wifi went to sleep . but then the gsm connection should take over and we would only see * one disconnect after around 15 minutes . i think you should look in the android log to find out what happens around the time jabiru disconnects . the wifi sleep policy is one reason to look at , but then i wonder why jabiru is able to reconnect at all , since the wifi should be disabled until the device is woken up again .
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
no , there is not anything like that in qualcomm 's offerings .
google tv is an old set-top box ( stb ) product line , conceived as a competitor with apple tv , using intel-based hardware and initially without access to google play . after a rushed launch and a series of bad product reviews , google tv had been pretty much abandoned as a product line , and is now replaced by android tv . in addition , other manufacturers have brought out some android-based stbs which are just normal android devices in a different form factor . these support normal android apps but have often been a bit awkward to use because each manufacturer has their own big-screen user interface , and because many apps do not work well without a touch screen . android tv is basically a new version of android for stbs and smart tvs . it adds features to android to provide more commonality between different tv products , and to make it easier for app authors to support this form factor . like the earlier android stbs , it is a stand-alone device ( it could be the only android device you own ) providing a full android experience controlled directly through the tv interface ( e . g . with a d-pad on a remote ) . you can use it to read and write email on the tv screen , to play games , to watch videos from youtube , and c . in contrast , chromecast is an entirely passive device . chromecast is just a cable for plugging your android device ( or another computer with google chrome ) into your tv 's display , but as it is a wireless device there is no physical cable . even so , it is only useful for using your tv as the display for another device . you can not control it with your tv , only with the device that is connected to the chromecast . with chromecast , anything you can do on your phone is visible on the tv screen , so you can use it to watch videos from youtube or to see a game on the big screen ( useful in combination with a wireless game controller ) , but there is no tv-based user interface .
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
as i just wrote on the same question for another device 5 min ago : this is a quite frequent question , so you will find a lot of ansers in the related links section , and now some in the linked section of this page as well . i could not verify my search results , but basically there should be different approaches available for this device : using a dialer code though this option will not be available to you currently , since you cannot unlock your device , i will include this option for completeness : open your telephone app ( dialer ) dial *2767*3855# follow the instructions this is not a real phone call , but rather a " magic number " ( shortcut to system functions ) . via the system menu also currently unavailable to you : in menu mode select settings &rarr ; privacy &rarr ; factory data reset &rarr ; reset tablet using hardware keys only this probably is the only option left to you : turn your tab off press and hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button . use power up to move the cursor to the left , and power button to select . use the power up / power down buttons as cursors to move to the factory reset use the power up / power down buttons to scroll to " confirm " . last word : be aware that with a factory-reset all your manually installed apps and all your data on internal/phone memory are lost , so backup what you need before ! i guess you knew that , but just in case ; )
if you were able to unlock the device , you would go to Settings ~> Privacy ~> Factory Data Reset and follow instructions . done ! since you do not have access to os , press and hold " volume down + power " for 10 seconds . screen will appear with standard droid recovery icon . select it with volume down key and press volume up to enter . now , you are in recovery mode from where you can factory reset your device . depending on your device sub-model , if its not working , try " volume up + home + power " for 10 seconds . when something is displayed on screen , release power button while holding other ones . if this one is also not working , turn on device with power button and just after first display , press and hold " volume up + volume down " for 10 seconds .
you would need to configure the account information in settings -> accounts and sync . that is where the " google account " needs to reside .
you might need to update the drivers for your device . try to search for drivers on google or the website for samsung mobiles , mainly samsung . com !
if you want to work with adb , the mtp driver is not really relevant . mtp stands for media transfer protocol , and is used to exchange ( media ) files . what you need is the adb driver ( adb stands for android debug bridge ) . i recommend you taking a look at the universal adb driver , which covers most android devices . if this driver does not work , check with your manufacturer 's website for a device specific driver .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
i tried vlingo for a while on my evo and was not impressed . it did not seem to offer any value to me above that provided by the built-in voice actions . i uninstalled it after trying it for a couple of months .
there are several exif editors in google play . among them are : exif tag editor ( photo ) exif editor : free as suggested by izzy , there are also gallery apps that can do this : justpictures ! photo mate
you can use google now : say " ok google now " , say " set alarm for one hour " , then touch " set alarm "
it sounds like what you want is a timer rather than an alarm clock . ( did you look in the play store ? ) one very simple timer app i use is tick ! . tap to open use your finger to spin the dial to the amount of time you want to count down tap to start the timer
you could try an app called simple alarm clock by a developer called moula soft inc . it is in the google app store . i like it .
this applies to the original htc desire , codename bravo . the instructions have been tested to work on the gsm version of the phone with android 2.3.3 . how to enter safe mode power off the phone . press and hold down the menu button , and then press and let go of the power button , but continue holding the menu button . the phone will power on and start booting . the phone will vibrate when it enters safe mode . let go of the menu button when you get past the htc logo with " quietly brilliant " animation , or when you feel the phone vibrate . you will see the text " safe mode " in the lower left corner of the display if the phone has entered safe mode properly . how to leave safe mode to leave safe mode , follow these instructions . while in safe mode , press and hold the power button until you see the power options menu . tap the option " power off " . the phone will now leave the safe mode and quickly reboot into normal mode . note that it will not actually do a power off . if you want to power off repeat these steps once more ( while in normal mode ) . important notes about android 2.3 and fast boot if you have upgraded to android 2.3.3 then you should have " fast boot " disabled . if fast boot is enabled the phone will not do a complete power off . this has the advantage that the phone boots more quickly . but to enter safe mode the phone needs to be completely off . you can achieve this by either disabling fast boot first , and then powering off the phone . or you can power off , with fast boot enabled , and then take out the battery to disconnect the power source , and then put it back in . then you can enter safe mode as described above . you will find the fast boot option by pressing menu button , then going to settings , applications , and then check or un-check the option " fast boot " . if you have android 2.2 or below , then you do not need to worry about fast boot . you can check which version you have by pressing menu button , then going to settings , about phone , and then software information .
you could try this fix those running the cynogen mod on their htc desire and experiencing problems with auto adjustment of brightness would be happy to hear that a fix has been developed to tackle it . if it does not work you could try another rom to determine if its a software or a hardware issue .
if you really want the brightness that low on your device , try an " overlay " dimmer which displays a dark layer over the screen to simulate darker brightness . to you it will be the same . try lux . it will let you pick how low to let the brightness goes ( just before flickering ) , then it will activate the overlay beyond that .
if your device talks about " low memory " , it is not evaluating the sd card -- but rather means internal memory . so it does not help to buy a bigger sd card : what you have to do is to free up internal storage . this is an issue coming up here frequently -- so for details please look at the solutions already present : low disk storage space more internal memory or less memory + sd card my internal storage capacity is running low , what can i do ? message memory full , incoming message rejected there are many more -- just follow the internal-storage tag and watch out . . .
i do not think there is any official rom from samsung for galaxy note that does not contain any of their framework application . your only option is to install custom rom . cyanogenmod will be one of the best choices since it is build based on aosp .
according to androidcentral and these xda posts , the photon 4g is specifically made to prevent access to at and t or t-mobile and an unlock code will not do anything . presumably so that if you are in the us and do not need to roam away from sprint , you can not switch away from sprint . the limitation does not appear to have been hacked around yet .
you should call your carrier in the uk and explain that you need to unlock your phone because you are travelling . unless they are being particularly unhelpful a carrier will normally give you the unlock code for that purpose . edit : it looks like the unlock code may be stored on the device and accessible as with many galaxy phones , most easily if you are rooted . check out this androidforums guide .
yes , it is possible to unlock your samsung galaxy 3 ( gt-i5801 ) through online mobile unlock services . i would recommend you to use theunlockarena . com to get the unlock code . you need to specify the imei number . then , they will give you the unlock code through e-mail .
yeah nowadays it is very easy to get a phone unlocked and get rid of excessive roaming charges and get the freedom to change network provider . recently i unlocked my cellphone , not samsung but blackberry , in something like 3-4 hours . lots of vendors can do it like codes2unlock and myphoneunlock , you could try it .
it is possible to unlock any samsung salaxy s or note . just need to generate some codes : nck code network code etc there are tons of paid services but i used digitalunlocking as they are 10 years in business
i can not find a good complete list , but you can always search for the permission on developer . android . com . in the case of read_phone_state , it does look like the phone number can be read .
this blog post tries to explain permission : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/ if you really need to know the specifics of each permissions , you can download and grep android 's source code ( it is open source , after all ) . i think that is the best we can do for now .
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
on my samsung device it is : home > > menu > > settings > > voice input and output > > text-to-speech settings > > driving mode
an app called torque works with most of the elm327 bluetooth obdii devices . be careful though , some of the " cheap " ones do not work well with ford vehicles . i bought this one , and it works well , even with ford , and it was only ~$20 .
currently there is no app released from google that will let you video chat with google+ circles like google+ hangouts . you can use google talk video chat on android 2.3 gingerbread . edit : vtok is an app that allows google talk video chat .
yes . do not worry . it usually restore in the same location . even if it does not it is not supposed to cause problems . you can always move them .
you need to open a local terminal shell , by using a " terminal emulator " like app . otherwise you will not get an su'able shell . since aos 4.2.2 , adb is not letting you use " su " , to get root shell , on stock " enforced " selinux devices . then do this : su 0 setenforce 0  if you need to make this permanent to last between re-boots , you need to find where this is originally set in the various init.*.rc files in boot . img and change it , and reflash . . .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
if it is a gmail account ( eg , myemail@gmail.com ) or you have not added the domain to the email address (eg,moo@cow.com), you cannot use manual setup . personally i would recommend ditching the native mail app and going with k9 - it is a far superior email client .
swiftkey is free and works inside and outside knox
i just set up a knox container myself and it seems that it is a secure sandbox environment that does not have access to your regular apps ( any downloaded keyboard included ) or even the play store at all . it has its own knox store , i suppose to keep the knox container more secure . i was able to find a keyboard app for sale ( quickwrite keyboard ) in the knox store but it is not cheap .
it sounds to me like alkido 1.1 was bundled on your device as a system app . to remove a system app , you need root . there are two ways to address this easily , i would prefer #1 myself . method 1 uninstall alkido 2.0 . install titanium backup . run titanium and wait for it to load your app list . go to the app list and long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " integrate with market " or similar . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the market , and clear the data for it . open the market , go to your apps , and update alkido . if that does not work or you do not want to bother keeping alkido as a system app : method 2 install titanium . run titanium , long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " uninstall " or similar . you should not need the " hack " version of uninstalling that it mentions , but you can try that if the regular uninstall does not work . alkido 2.0 will be unaffected if you did not uninstall it in method 1 .
my response is specifically in respect to exchange based device administrators . what you should find is , dependant on some security policies device administrators cannot be removed without a device wipe . this is to protect company data and is set at the exchange level and conformance is met by android . i have followed the process on android 4.2.2 and it works however , dependant on which company exchange account i use ( i work as a sysadmin contracted to many companies managing many exchange servers so different policies ) i can see different behaviours . if you have not been asked to wipe your phone when device administrators were removed , then i am shocked . i have not seen this behaviour on any exchange server i have tested with . i am sorry to say that generally once you admit an exchange administrator you are stuck with a factory reset . that does not mean all your data is lost though . you may do a sms backup , application backup and if you have root and recovery , a system backup . do these to your internal sd or external sd as these will not be wiped in a factory reset . if you are concerned about encryption depending on which file systems you encrypted ( usually it is just system , not internal or external sd cards ) you may want to copy these backups to another device . now do your wipe . restore your backups and find your applications , sms 's and all your photo 's etc should be exactly as they were . all that will be missing is the exchange accounts . this is tedious i am aware . however this is becoming more common in a byo device oriented corporate world .
the best way is to ask your corporation 's it support for help . they locked , so maybe they will know , how to unlock .
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
you can use switchme if you have root , which i believe does all you ask
sorry , but this is my best answer : you could have a system where you mount an sdcard partiton as data etc for the other user , unfortunately , there is no project in development for this that i know of . however , this would work , unfortunately , you would need to reboot , so it is not really what you wanted .
dont know exactly if you are satisfied with this , but in the near future vmware will release one version for android . this adds a little bit of multi user support , because you can start another android system like any other apps . video link to a little demonstration : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=hrsiliflyt4
titanium backup has a ' multi user data profiles ' feature that can be used to have a per app multi user like functionality : it has some restrictions like ' doesnt work with apps that have services ' , etc . http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-howtos.html#multi-user-data-profiles
there are a lot of potential variables here , but a hardware failure is certainly one possibility . after over a year of use , my nexus one 's gps became terribly slow to lock until i had moved a bit ( like you said , maybe 100 yards ) or was outside in a relatively clear area . i assumed this was because the gps chip had , over time , started to develop problems and was likely throwing errors - oftentimes it would have my location totally wrong , and it would not come on/off correctly . download a gps test app , like gps status and toolbox ( link here ) , and see how long it takes to pick up satellites . also , are you using a custom rom ? i have found some roms " tweak " android 's default gps settings , and this could potentially cause issues . really , there a ton of possibilities here , so it is hard to say . but aging hardware sounds the most likely to me , unless you have recently started using a different custom rom or kernel , or recently received an update from motorola .
in case anyone with a samsung s4 running usb mass storage enabler and busybox runs into this issue , be sure that the usb computer connection is set to mtp . this setting sometimes toggles off for some odd reason on my phone . click the text box and you should be good to go .
the files needed for rooting are not able to be transferred via mtp , switch to ' camera ' for ptp file transfer and it should work just fine !
after connecting via usb and receive the message " connecting as installer " on your phone 's screen , make sure you are phone is not on the lock-screen and swipe down from the top ( or at least on my verizon device ) you can access " usb pc connection " settings under the " ongoing " tab . check one of two options , mtp or ptp . this would be the same pull-down where you would quickly alter various settings , view downloads and be able to link to recent notifications . this will effectively switch out of installer mode so that you can access your phone 's directory and that of any sub sequential micro sd card . hope this helps .
i have had the same problem with my verizon s4 mini lte ( sch-i435 ) . i was able to solve it through the hidden dialer . here is a utility that was able to bring the dialer back for me , since it was not accessible ( i am not the author ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2434415 if you had rather not trust the apk , it just implements this technique : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2303905 once the menu comes up go to usb settings and change the usb protocol to mtp+adb . note , the first time i used it it was already on mtp+adb . i had to switch to ptp , save come back and switch to mtp+adb to get it to work . the settings stick now .
are you using a usb 2 port ? i had the same issue and i was using a 1.0 port . the issue disapeared once i plugged into a 2.0 port . i have an s3 instead , but it may be the same problem .
in android 4.2 , it was possible to access a hidden setup menu and fix the usb settings . the 4.3 update reverted usb setting to the broken default . the access codes for the advanced setup menus have been changed or removed . samsung claims they have removed access , for what ungodly reason i do not know , and repeated requests and hours on the phone with them got me nowhere . until someone can break back into the advanced setup menus , there is not any way fix this behavior besides rooting the phone or reverting to a previous version of android . http://www.linuxine.com/story/hidden-services-menu-galaxy-s3-android-43
you could use a different sync tool , where you can configure which folders to be synced and which not . an example of such is foldersync , which also supports dropbox : foldersync ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) the first screenshot shows you some of the cloud services foldersync supports . entry #4 on the second reveals you can configure " folderpairs " , that is , which folder on your device should be synchronized with which folder in the cloud . this way you could simply let your /sdcard/DCIM folder ( which is where your photos go ) including its subdirectories synchronize , leaving everything else out .
go for truecaller app . it is the best app for finding name by phone number .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
trigger works well . it replicates most of the profile tasks that tasker has but has nfc triggers . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jwsoft.nfcactionlauncher
nfc task launcher can , among other things , run tasker tasks . in any case , it is probably worth while to check out this app if you plan on experimenting with nfc tags .
i do not know whether tasker can meanwhile handle that itself , but it is at least doable with the right plugin . there is e.g. locale nfc plugin which could fill this gap . alternatives exist as well , like a modified version of anytag , which is used e.g. in this tutorial . for more examples , tutorials , and possibilities , i recommend a googlefu , ahem , search for " tasker nfc " , which brings up a lot of tuts and even youtube videos explaining different magical things to achieve this way .
gps in most of the smartphones are agps . " standalone " or " autonomous " gps operation uses radio signals from satellites alone . a-gps additionally uses network resources to locate and utilize the satellites in poor signal conditions . so in my phone htc desire , it automatically updates some gps system file via internet so gps lookup can happen quickly . however , in normal gps operation it will not require internet so it does not require a data plan .
it is not possible to create a widget that updates that often , because it will suck your battery really quickly . there are many stopwatch apps available in the play store . many of them have millisecond or decisecond accuracy , but i am not aware of any that have an associated widget . these kind of high precision timers should only be needed on a case-to-case basis , so it is not worth it for them to be on the homescreen .
all the methods you have tried , and the ones i have been reading for the past hour , exploit a circuit " bump " that should not even happen in the first place . if they do not work with your phone , be happy , your phone is not suffering from further defects . some i am referencing are : plug your phone to your computer using the usb cable . remove and add the battery several times to make the phone start booting : this video or this video . gently flick ( tap ) the back of the phone , right under the lens , with a finger . what you should actually do is to repair the phone , it costs a certain amount , but at least you get the problem fixed by professionals and can take preventive measures to prevent this from happening again . to repair , you can use nexus s power button repair or other near you . as a preventive measure , to avoid degrading the power button , you can use an app to lock/unlock the phone . with it , you will give less use to your power button , and in turn it may last longer . even if it gets broken again , with an app , you still have alternative methods of controlling your phone ( lock/unlock ) . fix broken power button by destil available from google play store . note : an app installed on your phone cannot power it on . so , if the power button breaks again , be sure to not let your phone 's battery get empty .
tap and hold the wifi button , then select " forget network " . afterwards , search for the network again in the list , enter the password and you are good to go .
that might depend on which android version your device it running . some devices additional support usb mass storage . also : there are some packages you might install/update on your ubuntu side , to support mtpfs ( see e.g. answers here and here ) . alternatively , you might wish to go the " adb way " ( this is how i do it on my ubuntu box ) . here you would need a basic adb installation ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) and adbfs ( see my answer here ) . in both cases , you can use graphical file managers as well as the command line to deal with your files .
normally mass storage mode was not supported by sony xperia l if it does not had any sdcard . so , you have to connect the xperia l with ubuntu in mtp mode to see its content . in ubuntu , an android device which was connected in mtp mode was not detected if it was pluggedin to any one of the usb 2.0 ports . for getting your device detected in ubuntu , you have to plugin the phone in usb 3.0 port . port with black tongue - usb 2.0 port port with blue tongue - usb 3.0 port tested in ubuntu 13.04 and 13.10 .
if /data appears empty , the app showing that most likely has no root access ( "root " in the sense of the privileged user , not the start of the file system ) . in order to browse that place , root is required . not all file explorers support this . for one , there are several specific " root explorers " around . i would rather recommend es file explorer , which i use for years : it offers a lot of features you will welcome after solving your issue – and yes , " root access " is one of them . provided your device is rooted . and yes : what you are looking for is /data/tombstones , where " core dumps " of crashes are stored .
solution for at least i9070 / i9070p on linux : flashing only system . img with odin or heimdall ( use 1.3.1 version ) does not increase the counter . so download an official stock rom for your phone , extract it , convert the system . img ( sparse ext4 image ) to an normal ext4 image as described here . loop-mount it , add a su binary to the xbin subfolder with the correct file rights and ownership ( 06755 root root ) and if necessary add other files which are on your phone in the /system folder but not in the stock rom . repack everything back to a sparse ext4 image and flash it . at the end install the superuser or supersu app which belongs to the su binary you added to the system image .
you have a prety good tutorial right here : [ gt-i9070 ] [ root ] rooting your galaxy s advance without increasing the binary counter
i faced a similar problem recently on my nexus s upgraded to stock ics . the problems were : connecting the phone to the ac charger would sometimes show the phone to be charging , while the battery level was not actually increasing and sometimes the opposite . connecting the phone through usb to my laptop would allow it to charge , but my laptop used to throw a " unrecognized usb device " error . the battery level displayed on my phone was misleading . for eg , the battery level was shown to be 44% , but when i restarted it , it suddenly dropped to 19% . shutting it down while connected to ac charger would cause it to hang on the shutting down screen till i remove the charger . connecting it to an ac charger while switched off would cause it to automatically turn on . a little research on the net yielded this dicussion on the google product forums . the alleged problem was the pin in the phone 's usb port , and the solution was to bend it upwards a little using a penknife . i was a little wary of taking things into my own hands , so i went to a nearby samsung service center where they replaced the charging connector , and i have not faced any problems since .
check that your charging port is not shorting across : turn off phone , remove battery , and use a pin or similar pirze middle piece in the charger slot so it is central in the slot , as when pushing in the charger it can be moved up or down and cause a short to side , which gives the charging signal on phone . when having it fairly central , replace the battery , turn your device on , and see what happens . this worked for my phone which was driving me potty bleeping for charge etc . good luck !
there is an application running with a wakeup flag . if you were rooted , a simple adb logcat would get to the bottom of it . but what it comes down to is uninstalling that app-- perhaps review the seedy ones ? last time this happened to me , it was a kamasutra app .
i have the same proplem and found a workaround : my nexus keeps switching between charging and discharging while it is not connected . that keeps the screen on - which causes massive battery drain . as a workaround i found a root app to keep the screen off , called screen standby . the cpu is still doing work but at least the screen does not draw power since i installed it .
note that this is not guranteed to be the case with every update , and may vary from device to device . however , in every case i am familiar with , this has held true . ota/automatic updates ( and many but not all roms installed with a custom recovery ) will generally ignore anything inside the /sdcard/ directory . i keep everything in there and whenever i switch roms or update , that directory stays safe as long as whatever i am installing does not require a factory reset . devices with no physical sd card slot such as nexus , and kindle fires have treated that sort of as the default /home/user/ directory . downloads from chrome go to /sdcard/Download/ by default . music gets downloaded to /sdcard/Music/ etc . . . devices with a physical sd card slot seem to use that as the mount point for an inserted card . you can use it if you have a card inserted - otherwise , it is not available . some devices will be different . as izzy noted , the external sd card can have a different default mountpoint such as /sdcard/external_sd/ or something with /extSD/ . it could realistically be any point that the manufacturer or rom builder decides on . having said that , it is always a good idea to keep your data backed up . i have not had any emergencies , and my data in the directory has never been wiped when i was not expecting it , but it is always best to be safe .
i am no expert on intents but this is the best answer i can offer . . . there are intents that can enable the device admin status but since tasker is not yet a device admin i do not think your prompt will allow the user to enable this directly . the next best thing would be to have tasker open the device administration settings page with a popup that instructs them to enable it . in tasker , using the " settings dialog action " you can create an action that opens to the security settings page but the user would have to manually go to the next step to open the " device administror " menu . you can create a popup message directing what to do with the " alert/popup action " . if you want to go directly to the device administror menu you may be able to do that with the " misc/send intent action . " to find specific intent for the device admin menu you can try an app called inent interceptor . if you are able to identify the specific intent that opens that menu it is pretty straight forward from there .
android logs are stored in an internal ring buffer . as such , i do not see how even the overly verbose apps could slow the system down purely through logging .
if the logs are really bothering you , you can deal with it two ways . options one is to turn them off . you can do this with adb shell setprop log.tag.BadTag ERROR  that will only log them if it is error or higher , but you will have to kill the application before it'll listen . the second option is to use logcat directly and filter out what you do not care about . i have a logcat script that looks like this : this will only log stuff that i generally actually care about . you call it like ./logcat MyTag0 MyTag1:W MyTag2 MyTag3:D this will log everything for tags mytag0 and mytag2 , warnings from mytag1 , and debugging from mytag3 . the downside here is that it is not directly in eclipse ( i personally consider that an upside , but i digress ) .
the nfc circuitry itself is in the phone , but the antenna is in the battery . this is due to the layout of the phone . since the range of nfc is very small , the antenna is placed on the outer side of the battery to increase the range as much as possible . yes , the downside of this is that replacement batteries need to be nfc-enabled , but it is a small price to pay for a significant improvement in the functionality of nfc .
the nfc feature does not sit in the battery , only the antenna does . nfc consists of : an integrated chip ( soldered onto the logic board ) an nfc antenna that needs free view to the phone 's back side ( antenna signals from the sticker on the back of the battery only need to pass the back cover ) if you look at the antenna you will notice how big it is . it is basically just a coil with 4 windings , see ifixit is teardown . nfc allows for passive devices ( credit cards and such ) which need to be fed energy from an active device through the antenna . some engineer decided its best fit would be as a sticker on the battery . there is only 2 positions where you can place it : back of the battery inner side of the battery cover ( like with the nexus s ) my guess is this : by placing it on the battery , the expensive and big 2-point connector ( as with the nexus s ) could be merged together with the battery contacts to make it cheaper ( and/or maybe more robust ) .
in the new google maps app we finally have this feature . from this post on the official google blog : enhanced navigation : in addition to current traffic conditions , we’ve added two new features to help you navigate around traffic . you can now see reports of problems on the road that you can tap to see incident details . while on the road , google maps will also alert you if a better route becomes available and reroute you to your destination faster . this feature is available only on android and is coming soon to ios . from http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/maps/hl8uxvgrmce/6pfnmzp8tiqj once you are in the " navigation " mode , you will see a status bar on the bottom that gives you an estimate of time remaining to your destination . the text of the time remaining changes color based on the traffic situation . the colors correspond to the former colored traffic light dot . if the words are red , that means there is some serious traffic on your route . yellow indicates areas of slowed traffic . green indicates that there are no anticipated delays .
as far as i know and based on my testings with the same concern , i came to the conclusion that it does not update the route based on traffic or any other reasons . i even took an alternative route that i knew it was faster in rush hour conditions and the navigator was still trying to reroute me back to its original route , considering that faster due to speed limits .
google does not do this automatically , but you can ask it to do it . in traffic view , there is a button in the lower right hand corner ( looks like 2 diverging arrows ( one dashed ) both leading to a destination pin ) . in turn by turn view , press menu then routes and alternatives , and the same alternate routes button will show up second from the right . however , google navigation will often not show you a route that avoids the traffic . when that happens , start driving an alternate route and google navigation will eventually get the point , although you may have to listen to a lot of " turn around " alerts before it does .
according to this post on the official google blog , navigation should have this feature but like slybloty said i have never noticed any evidence of this happening
i just blew into both the port on my tab for charging , and the port on the cable . now , it charges normally again ! go figure !
alright guys , i had the same problem as you are experiencing . when i plugged my tablet to the wall charger it just showed a lightning icon crossed with a red cross , it wrote mtp connected and did not charge . i have read some forums about this problem there are only a few of them . i have decided to reset to the factory settings , since i was desperate at this point , i did not even hope . then i solved my problem just by checking the connection between the box u put in the wall plug and the cable . honestly i wanted to throw it away but luckily i did not , it works fine now . hope this could help you or even if it does not i just wish you good luck with solving it .
i had the same problem until i tried one method by accident . connect the tab with the relevant port . now slowly connect the usb side of the connector to the usb port in your computer ( remember to be slow enough till 50 percent of the connector is pushed in ) . your tablet will now start charging normally using the pc . now you can push in the remaining half of the connector into the slot .
most of the time this problem is being caused by dust , dirt , grime , or some other type of contamination coating one of the usb pins on the inside of the usb port . easiest fix is to blow some compressed air into the usb port repeatedly until the dust/dirt is blow clear . you can also use " contact/control cleaner and lubricant " available from radio shack . remove the phone battery and hold the phone upside down while using the compressed air or cleaner/lubricant to blast the usb port clean . wipe off any residue then re-install the battery . power up your phone and it will now function properly .
the behavior you are seeing is consistent with plugging the tablet 's usb cable into a standard usb port . if you plug the tablet into the " official " power adapter , you should see neither the red " x " on the battery icon , nor the mtp scanning update . the tablet will only reliably charge ( and thus no red " x" ) when plugged into the special wall adapter , because the adapter is modified to deliver a higher current output than a computer 's usb hub or a generic usb power adapter will deliver . when the tablet detects that it is on a standard usb connection it displays the red " x " on the battery icon as the tablet may not gain battery charge as fast as it uses it ( the tablet 's screen and network connections together can drain more than a standard usb connection can supply ) . the mtp scanner is the media scanner that runs when the tablet thinks it might be plugged into a computer . i believe this is so it can quickly copy media off to your desktop , but i am not sure on the details . basically , its another symptom of using a vanilla usb port . see this question for more details : how much power does a galaxy tab 10.1 charger need to supply ?
the captivate does not have a front-facing camera , thus no self-shot mode . you will have to turn it around and try to tap the on-screen button without seeing it to take a picture of yourself ( or use a mirror , etc . ) .
actually the new whatsapp update provide user to hide the last seen stamp . in Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Privacy you will find option to hide . but if you enable this option you cant see other peoples timestamp too
it all depends on which version of whats app you currently operate in the previous versions of whats app you had to block a specified user in order to avoid your last seen , display picture be seen from an annoying person . if you have been blocked by a person then after few days you will not be able to view their dp as well as last seen . but now in the latest update whats app has now provided more privacy settings . hide display picture -if you select this option then urs as well as other display picture will be hidden ( i.e. your dp will be hidden from others as well as you cannot view other 's dp as well ) . hide last seen -if you select this option then your last seen will not be visible to anyone as well as you cannot see other 's last seen . how ever if you are not sure then better wait for few days ( 1-2 ) after which you can yourself identify whether you have been blocked by some person or its your settings .
if you can not see " last seen at " stamp it could mean you have been blocked , but if a contact has blocked you , you should also not be able to check the updates to the contact 's profile picture and you will no more see the second check mark ( "message delivered" ) in the messages you send to that contact , whatsapp will only print the first one ( which is for " message sent" ) . if you do not see any of these indicators there could be many reasons : whatsapp is vaguous on this point for privacy policy , i.e. whatsapp will not let a contact be sure you have blocked him . in your case , you have probably encontered a temporary effect of this .
since many phones have lower memory and the android os is designed to kill apps that are in the background for a while when it needs memory for foreground apps - it is common practice for the os to kill the google play app as well , even while it is still downloading an app ( it will usually be later restarted and the downloading of apps will resume ) . this can be solved by keeping google play in the foreground while your preferred app is being downloaded .
is it on auto-update ? in the google play settings , make sure Auto-update apps is set to Auto-update apps at any time. Data charges may apply.
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
there are several steps/things you can do before you do advanced troubleshooting . most of the problems can be solved following these steps . backup your data . backup your data first ( of course , if possible ) . you do not need to risk it . keep it somewhere else . it is better to have backups for personal data and app data separately . try rebooting your device . you can use your power key or a third party reboot app keep your device switched off for a while . make sure you remove your sim card ( and the battery and sd card as well , if they are detachable ) and wait about 30 minutes . try freeing some space . you must always have some free space . it is better to have more than 50mb free so that the apps can work smoothly . ( some say it should be 2% of total memory ) try re-installing apps . if you believe your problem is caused by a specific app , try uninstalling and re-installing that app . also you can try clearing the app cache . it will give you some more space . no hardware fixes . do not attempt to quick hardware fixes unless you have clear understanding of what you are doing . and keep in mind that you will lose your manufacturer 's warranty by doing such fixes . update your os . make sure that the relevant updates are compatible with your device , referring to your manufacturer 's website . if you are still in the problem , you can try searching help for your problem or contacting your manufacturer 's customer support personnel . remember to do this before you go to factory resets .
it is not possible with the stock google voice app . you will have to download an alternative google voice sms app like the aptly named " google voice sms " to send a message to multiple people . that app costs $2 but there are free apps available .
yes , you can at this time . after each number , type a comma , then the next number , etc . google voice gets improved more often than some of the native apps on the phones .
in the current version you can do this easily &mdash ; just type in another name/number after the first as you would in the web interface . a comma appears automatically when you click on a suggestion , and all that good stuff .
i have the same issue with my samsung vibrant . i just started dropping bookmarks before " pausing " and resuming from them .
i am using the default movies and player that came with my galaxy s ( at*t captivate ) without this error . it may be possible that there was a timeout ( how long did you pause for ? ) . you may also want to try the doubletwist video player to see if it resolves your problem .
my t-mobile vibrant ( samsung galaxy s ) just received a ota update from t959uvjfd to t959uvji6 . it appears that this may have fixed the problem you are describing . it no longer is a problem for me after this update was installed . it is also mentioned at the xda-developers site along with other changes that were included in the update .
if their is not an option to select a set of folders . i am assuming there is something about those folders like big attachments ? or to sensitive to be on a mobile device ? my best advice to you would be to move the folders in question into an archive and set up a rule to automatically sort your mail into that . you will never see an archive folder on your phone , so job done . hope that helps .
well , i tried " business calendar " which seems a lot less flaky and is free , so i guess the answer is to switch to another calendar application .
this looks like a special kind of sms message , sometimes called " flash sms " , that shows up instantaneously on the phones screen . i do not think that there is an option to block these messages and even if it would be possible i would not encourage you to do so , because you could maybe miss some other important information . i think the best approach would be to ask your carrier from disabling these messages for your number . i am sure that they are able and happy to do so .
this is a problem with your carrier where they send the last data usage details whenever a data connection session ends . it is not possible to disable it unless the network provider disables it . however , you can try this small workaround by going to Messaging , selecting Settings in options , and disabling Cell Broadcast settings . thanks
balance update / ussd blocker you can install this app to block the flash messages this does not support android 4.2.2
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
there is now ( confirmed with 10.2 ) a profiles tile in the quick settings panel , which is quite handy .
i had basically the same question . i noticed the option via the powers button , but wanted to have some kind of shortcut on the homescreen . i found a solution using the app cyanogenmod profiles shortcut . works for me on version 6 .
some apps will use the led to indicate that there is a notification . for instance , the led blinks green for me when i have received an e-mail message and blinks blue when twitter has a message for me . there is no consistency as to how to manage these , however . for instance google voice has it under Menu | More | Settings | Sync and notifications | Light , but no way to choose the color . gmail does not offer any way to control it .
what sticks out to me is that your battery status says " not charging " instead of discharging . i feel like your phone may recognize that the charger is plugged in , but may have some error in the battery/phone itself . i feel like your phone may just be translating the charger power directly into the phone itself , and is not able to charge the battery . if this is the case , it is a hardware issue . sorry that there is not much you can do .
go to settings , then language and input , then Samsung keyboard settings , then handwriting , then recognition time . try changing it and then try touching . sometimes this could solve . also try touching the 4 corners .
let it run dead to the point where it will not turn on , charge it till full ( without using it at all ) turn it back on and it should . be fine . happened to me . : )
this video describes an issue that could be related to your problem .
i do not know will this help or not , but if you need this option , you can give a try ( if you are ready to face the aftermath whatever it is ) . first you have to access the system files of your mobile , so you might need droid explorer . you may face an error sometime , while showing the android sdk path if you have already installed it in pc . for that you can simply create a folder named android-7 inside your sdk/platforms folder . then connect your phone and open droid explorer and try locating the particular searchable.xml file which i have no idea where is . open it and try changing the false into true . sometimes , it might have triggered some other file to change this particular option . i tried myself for sometime using this and i could not figure it out .
the same thing exactly happened to me . whether you install cwm before rooting or vice versa is not the problem . try to install cwm again will solve it .
do not know if i understand the question correctly , but the phone is working but you are not able to enter recovery mode , right ? if the phone is working just try again installing clockworkmod . if the phone is not working , installing a stock rom , or any other rom , witch you can find searching here , will remove clockwork ( assuming you do not chose a custom rom that comes with clockwork ) . hope i answerd your question , if not just leave a comment with what you would like to know and i will reply .
you should try pressing volumedown+power or volumeup+power . my galaxy fit starts cwm with the latter combination .
alas , that is not possible . at least not without reflashing the htc 's partition table ( which happens to be in the bootloader section , aka . hboot ) . there is seemingly no modded hboot out there for the explorer . i only know of repartitioned hboots for the htc desire . reason : /cache is backed by a separate block device on all android devices ( i.e. . mount-point or partition ) , it is needed to hold firmware update files ( e . g . definitely needed for encrypted phones ) . so if you move it , there is no gain because that partition will still be there and not free up space for the /data partition . in case you shrink the /cache partition , ota updates will not be possible any more ( you had have to use a custom recovery to do it ) .
you might want to take a look at directorybind , which was developed for things like this . it takes care for the user-configured " mounts " at boot-time and also on-demand , so nothing should " disappear " on a boot . basically , it is intended to map things from internal/phone storage to external/sd storage -- especially for cases like yours , were internal memory is running low . note : according to ce4 's answer , this method will not bring any profit concerning the /data folder , as /cache is using its own partition ( this seems to apply to all android devices -- checked with 7 different devices from 5 different manufacturers ; according to ce4 this is especially needed on encrypted devices , as an unencrypted partition is required to store firmware updates onto for execution ) . so if your concern is increasing storage on /data , this will not do with /cache . but if you simply need more space in /cache , it should be perfectly fine . you could then use the original block device ( where /cache was pointing to ) for something else ; ) note2: afaik google playstore uses /data/local to buffer its downloads . on most devices , this should only be a directory on the /data partition , and thus could easily be handled by directorybind . additional hint : check with the df command from within a terminal whether the directory you want to move from internal to external storage is using a separate partition or not .
some people have had their device turn on the mass storage mode by itself . verify that you have not enabled Mass storage only mode in Settings -&gt; SD Card &amp; storage -&gt; Mass storage only , then reconnect and restart adb daemon .
the camera may be connecting on ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) or mtp ( media transfer protocol ) mode , not as a normal usb drive ( which uses usb mass storage drivers ) . it shows up in ubuntu similarly to a usb mass storage device , but android has no support for this out of the box . you could try an app that supports ptp , such as dslrdashboard , but i have not tried these personally , so no guarantees .
go to menu> settings> apps> all> google framework services> clear data again do the same thing with the play store app . reboot your tablet and check it . see if you can click the install button on pc and if the apps are pushed onto the tablet .
solution one : titaniumbackup both devices must be rooted and use titaniumbackup application . i have found that titanium does not start on emulator 2.1 solution two : use adb backup options use adb backup and adb restore properly . this would mean to restrict the backup to the single app to be cloned , including its data , but nothing else . this is important as adb restore &lt;file.ab&gt; is an all-or-nothing , no selective restore possible . full syntax for adb backup is : adb backup [-f &lt;file&gt;] [-apk|-noapk] [-shared|-noshared] [-all] [-system|nosystem] [&lt;packages...&gt;]  so to only have our " foobar " app included , we need to connect the device and : adb backup -f MyBackup.ab -apk com.foobar.app  this done , and adb connected to the emulator , the generated backup file MyBackup.ab then can be restored using adb restore MyBackup.ab 
on activation of a google account on your device , you will be asked whether you want to backup your data to the google cloud . while this must be explicitly supported by the apps to take effect for their data ( which only a few do ) , and thus will never be a complete data backup , many of your most private data will be affected here – amongst others your wifi aps including their ( plain text ! ) passwords , which even might lead to other issues beside privacy . but even if you answer this with " no " , your contacts , calendars , and more will be automatically sync'd with the google cloud without you being explicitly asked for . so here are some things you might want to consider . the list is definitly not complete , i certainly have missed some points ( and might add some lateron ) . " do you want to backup . . . " ( see above ) : this includes data of some apps which support it , a list of apps installed on the device – but also sensitive data such as configured wifi aps with their passwords in plain-text ( open issue #57560 ) in the sync settings of your google account , de-select what you do not want to sync . do this before entering any of your private data ( contacts , calendars , etc . ) , and remember you will have to re-do this after a factory-reset . side-effect : the less you sync , the less this can eat your data-plan . consider switching the default storage in your contacts/calendar/ . . . app from " google account " to " device " 1 android 4.4+: install an alternative sms app and make it the default one ( in settings→wifi you can chose which app to be used for sms ) to avoid your messages being mixed into hangouts . to be on the safe side , you can also disable sms support in hangouts . android 4.4+: install an alternative gallery app 2 to avoid your images being mixed with google+ ( looks like the separate gallery app will be gone soon as well ) . side-effect : again savings on your data-plan for not automatically syncing all your photos ( alternatively , photo sync/instant upload can also be turned off in g+ settings afaik ) . avoid services like google+ which are quite intrusive to privacy . if that is not an option for you , check their settings thoroughly , and opt-out from intrusives whereever possible . disable google maps and replace it by a good alternative . apps like the open-source osmand , oruxmaps , or locus map not only offer you much better offline capabilities , but also save your device 's juice by not constantly running in the background even without being explicitly started by you . if you followed all above suggestions , you now might as well think about disabling google now – it no longer can tell you it is "10 minutes to your parents " , or " you need to start to work earlier because of higher traffic " , as it does not know where ( or who ) your parents are , and where your work place is ( or what the traffic conditions are ) . and cannot give you advices like " buying this because your friends like it " . there are several more things you can do for your privacy , not being restricted to google 's services . if rooting is an option for you , things like xprivacy are definitly worth a look . a good starting point are our privacy tag-wiki and other questions tagged " privacy " . ps : turning wifi off when you do not need it ( with 4.3+ , remember there is also the " keep scanning for networks even if wifi is switched off " setting in settings→wifi→advanced to be considered ) could even protect you against being tracked by advertising trashcans . . . 1 there are alternative sync possibilities like owncloud , funambol , and others available 2 quickpic is a good candidate here
i have the same phone and pretty much the same issue ( s ) . first of all , you should not be using a task killer . it is unnecessary and counter productive . ( see this question and this other question . ) one thing that will help is using a home screen replacement . there are several , but i have been using zeam . while it does not remove the homescreen redraw delay completely , it is much better than without it . another thing that will help is reducing or eliminating the number of widgets you are using .
the delay that you are seeing is the android operating system " opening " the home screen application after it has been stopped . unlike most other phone platforms , the android home screen is nothing more than an application ( like messaging or email ) which is triggered when you press the home button ( or back button enough ) . the android os will often stop applications which are running in the background but not being used in order to free up more resources for the ones you are currently using . if you spend an extended amount of time within an application such as a game or messaging , the android os might stop the home screen activity to allow the current application to function better . when you press the home screen button to exit , it has to start up the home screen from scratch . the delay you see is the home screen starting up from a completely stopped state , much like the delay you would see when opening a large application for the first time since booting . there is no ( easy ) way to prevent this from happening and in reality you should not . the android os is built on a very robust platform that has been designed to handle resources much better than a human being . this is also the reasoning behind not using a task killer . the os knows best . to mitigate the problem , an alternative home screen might be worth a try . three popular ones are launcherpro , adw . launcher , and zeam . reducing the number of applications that run in the background will also help free up resources and allow the home application to stay loaded for much longer . applications like facebook , twitter , flickr , and most multiplayer games all keep services running in the background which consume resources . hopefully some of this can help you !
i also have a moto droid rev . 1 that has been ota updated to 2.2.1 . i was also seeing the extreme delay ( 10 seconds and longer ) in displaying the launcher after removing the phone from either my car or multimedia dock . i found that after performing a factory reset of my phone , the launcher was much , much more responsive . it has been several weeks since i reset my device , and while the launcher does lag from time to time , it is usually available in less than 2 seconds .
handcent should let you send more than 10 messages at once . it has a nice interface for selecting multiple contacts too . i have not tested this ( i do not want to send 10+ people a random text : ) ) .
if you are constantly sending group messages you may want to check out some of the group apps for android . groupme - creates an independent phone number for the group to text for those without data . - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.groupme.androidfeature=search_result disco - a google owned or backed group messaging app - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.disco.androidfeature=search_result
not having used link2sd i cannot tell for sure -- but being familiar with the principle , there is one thing that should work with a rooted device : make sure you had removed the files on the link2sd partition using a ( root ) file explorer , navigate to /data/data and check for symlinks showing the same package names listed in your screenshot . delete them . this might still leave " traces " in some system configuration files ( for sure this is valid for the packages.xml which stores the apps ' permissions ) . sd maid - system cleaning tool should be able to clean up most of the remains . still , this manual approach is not 100% " clean " . another option might involve re-installing link2sd and see whether you can cleanly remove the apps with it ( or even re-installing the apps , moving them again with link2sd in case this did not happen automatically due to the symlinks , and then removing them again ) . if all else fails , one ugly but very clean solution remains : a factory reset . do not forget to backup everything before this -- you have got titanium backup to take care for this step , as your question states .
i also had this issue . i found that if i use link2sd to uninstall the app , it should remove the entry from the app manager .
i think you 1st press volume button then power it up keep pressing voulme button untill it shakes . . in my galaxy gio i do this for bootinh to recovery mode .
it is not clear whether you had flashed cwm 's recovery ( through boot image ) . if you had done , you have to press vol up and down while powering on . if not , you do not have a recovery mode at all . you have to flash it using fastboot as described in cyanogenmod 's how to install cm in sony xperia mini pro .
as the title of this question begins with ' any ' this answer is fully valid : there is no way to do this , as that value will ( most likely ) be hard coded into the application source code . this means the only way to change it would be to download the app source and edit the value .
@liam 's comment in my question was correct . the max character value is hard-coded into the reader . apk file . therefore , the answer to my question is no . . . unless you modify the program itself . i made changes to the file to increase the limit ; details can be found at this xda forum post . because the solution required programming , i will not post the entire answer here , as programming is outside the scope of the android site .
i do not believe this is possible with the default contacts app ( and i do not know of any third-party ones ) . android 's language/locale support is very basic -- for example , your date format cannot be changed independently unlike , say , windows -- so i recommend filing a bug with google , hopefully it will be fixed in the future .
well , now it seems to do it when your display language is hebrew , but not when it is english . almost there .
launcher pro has a nice calendar widget that i use for this purpose . it can switch back and forth between a month view of the calendar to an agenda view . i have my own calendar and two other google calendars hooked in which show up as appointments on my agenda .
i believe android agenda widget is similar in functionality to the launcherpro calendar widget . it is quite configurable and has a wide range of widget sizes . also shows tasks from certain supported apps .
if you install a alternate launcher , the first thing you will see is a difference in how the home screen , widgets , ( maybe lockscreen if it has support for that ) , and the app drawer appears and works . afaik that is the only changes you will see from changing the launcher regardless of what rom you use . but one thing 's for sure - depending on which rom you get , the experience will change very little or a lot .
each launcher has its own default appearance which will vary . unless you tell the third party launcher to import you stock launcher settings and icons it will not have any customizations and you will need to set up the screens yourself . the look and feel of each launcher will vary greatly . i use nova launcher on my s4 since i despise the stock samsung launcher . the screen transitions , default layout , and many other options are customizable with a 3rd party launcher that you do not get with stock . so , the experience can vary greatly depending on the settings you change in the chosen launcher . nova has many settings i did not bother to change but the ones i did change make a huge difference in the interface and experience from the samsung touchwiz launcher . you should not lose any benefits of a rom by using a 3rd party launcher but you may not need the third party launcher depending on the rom . one feature of many 3rd party launchers is the ability to backup and restore your home screens . for this reason alone they are worth it . particularly if you like to flash roms frequently . it can save a significant amount of time and agony if you do not have to reset all your home screens after each flash .
you are describing the expected behavior while launching the chrome browser with theSign in feature enabled . here 's how to sign out from within the chrome browser : touch Menu > Settings > your email address > Disconnect Google Account . in the confirmation dialog that appears , touch Disconnect . note that if you had your device configured to synchronize in the background at regular intervals , it is still configurued to sync and update your emails with your google account . this procedure just prevents the chrome browser from loading a previous session state at browser launch because the browser is signed in .
leandros is right that it is an intended feature , and there is no way to turn off . there is a report on the chromium project to allow close all tabs on tablets : http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=268157 i urge everyone interested to voice their opinions on the bug thread .
i too want my chrome browser to open without the previous tabs . there should be an option to turn this feature off , or a prompt on startup asking whether to open previous tabs as it does on the desktop . when i am done with browsing , i just swipe the browser off . i do not want to have to close each tab separately before exiting to stop those tabs from reopening when i open the browser again .
there were those secret codes . . . *#*#7594#*#*: this code can be used to change the " end call / power " button action in your phone . be default , if you long press the button , it shows a screen asking you to select any option from silent mode , airplane mode and power off . you can change this action using this code . you can enable direct power off on this button so you do not need to waste your time in selecting the option . hm , guess that is what you were lokking for , right ? wanna more ? ok , here 's the source , luke : secret codes of android phones . not sure if it works on all phones , though . . .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
you should always disable/remove voodoo before installing a new rom except when the rom in question includes voodoo as the default . iit appears that darky 's rom includes a custom kernel that includes voodoo , meaning you do not have to disable it : if you have a dark_core / voodoo kernel installed with lagfixes enabled and you are or v10.1 ( upgrade through cwm , not odin ) then it is recommended that you do not disable your lagfixes . and you will save a lot of time ( dark_core and voodoo kernels are from the same family )
if you have a wireless lan and you just want to copy files around while the phone can still access the card then the simplest way is to install an ftp server on your phone like https://market.android.com/details?id=lutey.ftpserver there are probably similar solutions using bluetooth , 3g , etc .
there is apparently an app in the market that does this . i do not know the name . it probably requires root . however , doing so is a terrible idea . two operating systems should never access the same disk at the same time , because they do not know about each other 's writes . if you do this you will lose data , possibly everything on your card . there is no advantage to this anyways unless you are doing something extremely bizarre .
sounds like an error in the carrier 's customizations . if you can find a setting ( in the browser 's settings ) for ' home page ' or the like , you might be able to work around it by changing it to go to a different page of your choice , or doing some other action when it starts . otherwise , you might have to just report it to the carrier and wait for an update .
how to fix : in action bar press and hold browser button to open menu delete browser shortcut press "+" and add application -> internet press and hold internet in the action bar change the icon with default browser icon
perhaps , during the build of the rom for said device , some one mis-spelled google . com in the preconfiguring stage of certain apps before mass flashing of devices prior to leaving the factory .
no , i think go launcher is responsible for this . this has started happening since last update of go launcher . it forcefully downloads ucbrowser .
do you use go launcher ? i do and if started happening to me after a recent update . it coincided with go trying to get me to download their company 's browser with a pop up . i am guessing it is not a coincidence . i have since removed go and it has not happened again . chalk it up to shady marketing .
thanks ! i had the same problem , and was also using go launcher . after uninstalling go , this highly irritating feature disappeared .
this also happened to me on both of my phones . two different phone manufacturers and two different carriers . was running go launcher on both . browser worked just fine with touch wiz and sense . i was able to fix it by deleting the internet icon from my dock and adding it back from my app drawer . hope this helped
in addition to sparx 's answer : droidwall has been discontinued and now forked into afwall+ play store and continues in the spirit of open-source for the deprecated/obsolete droidwall here github .
if your phone 's rooted , use the excellent droidwall to selectively allow / disallow apps from connecting to the internet . like all apps that need root , read the instructions carefully and of course , do make a complete backup before trying things out .
if your device is rooted you can use lbe privacy guard to allow/deny network access based on a per-app setting ( and much more ) . since i could not find the version i use ( and shown in the screenshots ) on the market minutes ago i think there is a new version of it available . but i did not get an update via android market on my phone .
whether your phone is rooted or not – if it is running android 4.0 or newer , there is help built-in : go to settings → data usage tick the limit checkbox use the bars in the graph to define upper limits ( if you do not want any global limits , use " astronomical values": i have set mine to 3 gb , which never will be triggered . but you must set a limit here for the following steps to work ) scroll the list of apps below the graph to find the apps you want to restrict tap their entry , scroll to the end , tick restrict background data done . this app will only use data when it is the foreground app now , or when you are connected to wifi ( above settings are for mobile data only ) .
i think the sgs2 has a newer version of touchwiz than my original sgs vibrant , but hopefully you can still customize those icons . i do not have my phone on me but i believe t the process is : open the app drawer press the menu button select " view type " choose " customizable grid " press the menu button again choose " edit " exit the app drawer ( return to the home screen ) you can now drag icons off the dock and drag new ones on
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
look for the signal indicator in between clock and battery bar . if the signal indicator is full , then voila ! you should be able to get the fast data connection .
i do not know of an app that can do that , but it would be easy enough to write one if you already know java . you can get started with programming android by reading the guides and documentation on the official site for android developers . do remember that once you have started programming , you should ask questions about that on our sister site stack overflow , which has a lively community of android programmers . this site is for questions written from a user 's point-of-view only .
you can also write a script shell for android . you just need an app like script manager that can run your script periodically . you can read value from the kernel like on a " vanilla " linux : the actual battery capacity is stored in /sys/class/power_supply/battery/capacity .
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
download the song and use something like audacity to edit it . save to your ringtones directory on your phone . nothing else out of the ordinary needs to be done .
download the song on another device then use makeownringtone . com to cut the ringtone and download it then move the ringtone to dropbox then on the phone export the ringtone from dropbox to the ringtones folder
what abaout http://www.appbrain.com/app/andar-model-viewer/edu.dhbw.andarmodelviewer also http://www.appbrain.com/app/model-loader-3d-lite/com.okean.modelloader3dlite this was let me appbrain search for you http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=3d+model
your phone might be going into usb debugging mode on connecting to pc . after phone is connected to pc via cable , disable debugging mode [ Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development ] and then check for kies connection . my friend had the same issue and we resolved it like this .
camera360 ultimate works fine for me . just , make sure to check " record gps information " from settings ~> preferences .
i had this problem . look for a tiny hole underneath or on the back marked " reset " . use a cocktail stick or similar sized object to press the reset button and then reboot .
press " fn " button and " f2" and " home "
you only need an unlock code if your phone was sim-locked to start with . not all phones are , and if you did not get the phone from the carrier it definitely was not .
if your phone is running fine , then do not worry about it . it is possible that they unlocked your phone over-the-air . . . sounds weird , but some companies do it with certain phones ( for example , sprint pushes out unlock codes over-the-air ) . did you buy your phone outright from the carrier ( the full price ) , or did you sign a contract ?
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
on the nexus 7 it is similarly hidden , you select the gear gesture settings scroll to bottom &lt ; -- change entry location select from ( left , right , hidden ) enjoy :- )
i think rooting is required . try after rooting ur mobile then u can open the app
done . problem was with the charger , was using samsung charger . but i still have no clue why it got off by holding volume up key and i am sure that charging was above 20% , it should have resurrected to life when i pressed power button . and while i am at it , this phone awesome except its antenna . voice breaks ( rx and tx both ) with the jerks on road .
this also annoyed me . my language is hungarian , a hard-to-translate language . for example google translated the " loop-device " to hungarian as " rotating-device " , which is a different thing . i think it is a really bad idea . the app , which does not have the user 's native language built-in and the user does not speak any language of that app , then that user will not be able to understand and use that app normally . also 9 of 10 translations are not understandable . so after that beginning i solved my problem . i installed xposed and that appinfo module . than i changed the language setting in the appinfo for google play . lastly i cleared the cache of google play . and voilà ! all in english and i can understand everything !
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
basically the size of an mms message depends on : the size that the operator can handle ; the size that the phone can handle . from wikipedia : although the standard does not specify a maximum size for a message , 300 kb is the current recommended size used by networks due to some limitations on the wap gateway side . there is no definitive answer to this subject due to the dependencies mentioned above . you can contact your operator and try to get a more accurate answer from them . alternatively you can always test ; )
short answer : the maximum size for mms is rather carrier-dependent , and usually is set to 300kb . for your second question , you might want to check manually edit your max mms size limit . another interesting source might be what is the maximum mms file size that i can send from my mms phone ? more details : as for changing the limit , there are several consideration to be taken . sure one can alter any limits , but usually there is a good reason for their presence . as zuul pointed out ( see comment below ) , you may then be able to successfully send a message of , say , 1mb size -- but that does not necessarily mean the recipient is able to receive ( let alone read ) it . consider the 300kb limit as " smallest common denominator " between your phones capability , your carriers capability/configuration and the receivers capability . so if you are pretty sure what you are doing ( say , you know your phone can handle 500k at least , the recipients phone can do so as well , and both your carriers support it ) , increasing the limit might enable you to exchange mms up to 500k with that recipient -- while failing to do so with others . to me , this was never a question . if i need send some message , i use email . it is cheaper than mms , and works between phones and pcs and macs and . . . exception : the recipient has an " older phone model " without email capabilities . but then chances are good it cannot handle mms either -- so i have to stick to 160 chars with sms telling him to lookup his mail : )
i turned off the sync and turned it back on and the notifications went away .
just disable notifications in play store . open Play Store -> look for the three dot \u1427\u1427\u1427 menu -> Settings -> uncheck Notifications
had same problem . download manager seems to be the issue if you have that installed . but just click on one of the notifications , you will see app info . click on that and then unclick show notifications . it should go away .
i went into the download manager app and once it opened went to the right where it says " other downloads " and deleted them all and i rebooted the phone and it seemed to work ok . i havent noticed them coming back or any other issues by doing this as of yet .
here 's what i did with that same problem . settings More tab application manager scroll right to all select download manager force stop , and then clear data and cache reboot
this happened to me as well , but seemingly fixed it . turn off wi-fi temporarily . only seems to happen to me while connected to wifi ( possibly because my email app settings are set to only download when connected to wifi ) . go to apps list and find an app called " downloads " . choose the " other downloads " tab . check the boxes for most/all items and click delete . click the down arrow called " older " and check all remaining items and click delete . turn wi-fi back on .
you might be able to use a qemu based app like the one from motioncoding , but i can not see it running on anything other than very high end android devices . even then , i doubt a vm will work very well . . .
since you make a reference to both java and adb in your question it sounds as if you are familiar with both . just have your java application as a wrapper to perform adb system commands . using the system commands to adb , you could use the same java program ( adb wrapper ) to check for the installs and actually perform the installs . you can replace the " pm list packages " with any of the adb commands do perform your intentions . this is the java class you can use . of course your java application can search the return ( response ) string for the apps you want to verify .
you can find your answer e.g. at github , and details in the developers documentation : adb shell 'pm list packages [options] &lt;FILTER&gt;'  prints all packages , optionally only those whose package name contains the text in . options : as you can see : unless you specified the -u parameter , pm list will only show installed apps . filter the output for the package you want to deal with . if the output is " empty " , the package is not installed : adb shell 'pm list packages' | grep -x 'com.foobar'  should output nothing if com.foobar is not installed .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
qpdf viewer - a free ad-free android pdf reader - also has a great text reflow mode . users can zoom in and out to increase or decrease the font size . look for " reflow text " under the action toolbar " view " menu .
install repligo pdf reader and switch to Text Reflow mode . it has one of the best text reflow mode till date which displays images too . but , to read codes , you will have to fight again . another option : use ezpdf reader lite ( or pro ) and use its text column locking feature in landscape orientation ( to kick out blank margins and use large device height as width of pdf ) . i find it useful on my 4.0-inch screen even for the codes because it does not change formatting to reflow text . but , if your screen size is much smaller than my one , it would be useless to you . plus , both pdf readers feature voice reading . you can use that too .
the best option is foxit mobile pdf .
go to system setting and language and input . ( i also have cm11 but in bam rom which includes many other roms )
yes it is possible to do that , but you need to write your own logic to sort the names . considering plain standard english , the sorting is done using ascii/unicode values , and a-z and a-z come in a sequence , where as the other alphabets like å , ä or ö come later . so when you use apps that are not specifically targetted for anything other than standard english , you have the problem you are having right now .
only chinese tablet eben t6 or t7 provide a better solution of wacom s pen , samsung has no development of wacom pen pressure tuning at all and make it no much different from a capasitive pen
this is strange , and is most certainly a software issue . it could be that , for some reason or another , chrome ( or another background app ) took up all the available ram , which caused the os to crash - it could be a built in safeguard that the device boots into safe mode when this happens . as well as this , safe mode ( on my old device at least ) , disables all 3rd-party apps ( so you can debug , and see if an app is causing the issue ) . i would suggest you check your ram usage , and maybe do a clean wipe if it happens again .
if it is specific to your google accounts , check the general google synce settings . Settings-&gt;Accounts/Google-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com Last synced MM/DD/YYYY 12:00 PM-&gt;List of Google Sync Settings.  some apps may indicate sync is turned off , like the gmail app : Gmail App-&gt;Menu/Settings-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com-&gt;DATA USAGE/Gmail sync is OFF 
i was facing the similar issue with whatsapp , finally found out the simple solution Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; ENABLE this
is background data enabled ? you can enable it in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Background Data or System Settings-&gt;Data Use-&gt;Menu Button-&gt;Auto-sync data checked .
does the os actually tell you it failed to download , or do you just notice ? when i was running 2.0.1 i noticed a particular problem with trying to update/download multiple apps at once . if you are doing synchronous dls try one at a time . another option may be to try using appbrain . it is an alternative installation app that hooks into market . (http://www.appbrain.com/) speaking of which , you could also try your qr reader and try to install via the internet using the programs ' qr codes .
are you out of internal storage for apps ? have you tried a hard reset ? can you upgrade your phone to a newer android release ? personally i would try upgrading your device first then see if you still have problems .
can you get any app to install ? first thing to always try is to reboot the phone . if that doesnt work , try downloading alogcat from the market ( if you can install it ) . if it installs , then go to the market and try to download the app you are having issues with . if it still wont download , then open alogcat and look at the system log entries . then you should be able to glean a little bit of info of why its not installing . i know this is not a 100% answer of what you are looking for , but it does help and has helped me before .
when this happens to me there is one thing that helps every time : open the market and go to the downloads section , then perform a long click on the stalled download . cancel the download from here . now you should be able to reinstall / update the app .
a simple search on the play store gave no results for such a game . if it actually does exist on android , it may not be compatible with your device and therefore will not show up in your play store search results . only apps that are compatible with your device are shown . is not world of tanks a computer game ? note that not all high end desktop and console games are on android . edit : as the best answer explains , this game is not available on android . that means that my answer is irrelevant . however , if you ever have a similar issue in the future , this may still come in useful .
according to the game 's official website , it is available " exclusively on iphone , ipad , and ipod touch " . the developer has chosen not to release an android version . they may do so at a later date . often with mobile games , the developer will release on one platform first ( usually whichever they are most familiar with ) to test how much of a market there is for the game , before porting it to the other platform .
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
the contacts is actually an app , hence as other android apps store it is data , this app also stores in a sqlite database . images are part of contact data and are spotted in database . it is stored in /data/data/com . android . providers/contacta/databases/contracts . db
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
to download maps offline in google maps 7 and 8 , adjust specific area of maps you wanna save offline on your screen and then type " ok maps " in the search box and press enter .
@jules answered his own question : ( . . . ) there is a pairing mode to put the headphones in the first time you use them with the phone . i assume i must have done that when i first got the phone , but i have no recollection of it at all ! all working fine now , so many thanks .
i have changed setup> mydevice> homescreenmode from easy mode to standard mode , and lock screen swipe options came alive . i hope this helps .
since android uses linux as kernel /dev/kmem exists . it is a virtual character device file that is an image of the main memory of the computer . you can simply dump it with cat /dev/kmem &gt; file  but only as root .
when your phone is locked and you press any key , the screen only lights up for a few seconds . even if you accidentally press home or search , nothing will happen until you unlock it . there is no reason to have a dedicated button just for waking up the screen . edit : it is about time , buddy . get a nexus device .
if you did not find anything related in the settings , a solution could be to install a custom rom ( such as cyanogenmod ) . they often provide a much wider set of settings , and i remember having seen something like " menu button wakes phones on/off " on some of my older devices .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i do not believe android 2.1 allows this . i have read that the latest release android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) will have this feature . sorry i could not find the post that mentioned it but here is the api link .
you should be able to get this functionality if you have a custom launcher , like launcherpro . samsung 's touchwiz does not support the 180 degree rotation . you also need android 2.2+ , however , which introduced the getRotation() api .
if you are rooted and have a 3rd party rom that has not been tested , it might be a bug or a glitch , i would contact the developer .
sometimes my computer does the same thing , though it does not come up too often . in those cases , i try plugging the device into a different usb port . usually it fixes the problem ( though the first port is still ' disabled ' for that particular device until i reboot ) .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
have you tried rooting your g1 and putting something like cyanogenmod on your phone ? cm6 is currently in release candidate status and supports 2.2 . however , you will not get all the features of 2.1+ because the g1 simply cannot do some of them ( i.e. . livewallpapers ) .
a " quick settings " application by sergej shafarenka . it allows quickly toggling wifi as well as a quick access to a bunch of other settings . it stays in the notification bar for a convenient access . probably the most used application on my n1 .
another option is beautiful widgets , which provides a wifi toggle widget .
here are a few ways to do it on a samsung galaxy s . drag down from the notification area . wi-fi on/off is one of the controls . long press on the home screen , select widgets then select Power Control . this widget also has a wi-fi on/off control . long press on the home screen , select Shortcuts , then Activities , expand Settings in the list that is displayed , then select Wi-fi settings . this will take you directly to the page with the list of available wi-fi networks . hopefully one of these will help .
a possible option is to download a wifi app from market ; many are free . i use wifinder . these seem to integrate pretty well with the android wifi and does not conflict ( unlike the pc , in which you have dell 's wireless utility and the windows wireless , which you cannot run at the same time ) . when i installed wifinder , it knew that i was already connected to my work network , and it remembered my preferred network .
you could also setup locale or tasker to turn on the wifi during certain times of the day . so if you know for a fact you might be using your tablet during a certain time period , it could auto-turn it on during that . or if you look at it the other way , you can have it turn the wifi off when you know for a fact you will not be using it ( i.e. . sleeping ) .
short answer : you can only install roms compatible with your device longer version different android devices use different hardware , which requires special drivers ( e . g . the camera ) . those drivers are sometimes/often proprietary ( take e.g. sony , which almost made it into the aosp project -- but had difficulties due to those proprietary parts and thus had to back-out again : aosp only allows for non-proprietary , open source code , like its name suggests : android open source project ) . installing an incompatible rom , in the best case , makes components of your device unavailable ( they are simply not working ) . in the worst case , you might " brick " it ( it will not even start up ) . you might want to check the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? to find roms compatible with your device . most times , there are several choices available to meet the user 's requirements : less " bloatware " but more performance , more fancy stuff , custom enhancements . . . so you still can make your pick . other recommended readings on this topic : are the custom rom different for different phones ? is there an official android “google” rom ?
android allows mounting of removable media over usb . before the storage media is mounted on the host computer , the android device unmounts it to ensure that only a single system has the storage media mounted at a time . that works fine for removable media . when an android device has only internal memory without any removable media ( like the galaxy nexus and newer nexus devices ) , the device cannot unmount its internal memory to let the host computer mount it . the android os requires use of the internal memory . hence , mounting over usb does not work . some devies with internal memory only ( like the nexus s ) worked around this problem by providing a separate storage partition not required by the android os . that separate partition could be unmounted by android and allowed to be mounted on the host computer . multiple storage partitions make it harder for users to manage their storage space . that is , one partition may fill up first while there is plenty of space in the other partition . so recent nexus devices come only with a single partition in their internal memory which cannot be directly mounted on the host computer . with such devices , mounting the internal memory on the host computer can be achieved with go-mtpfs using mtp and fuse . i have tested the following on ubuntu 12.04.1 . setup : mount an android device : $ mkdir /tmp/AndroidDevice $ go-mtpfs /tmp/AndroidDevice &amp;  use the mounted filesystem : $ ls /tmp/AndroidDevice Internal storage $ ls /tmp/AndroidDevice/Internal\ storage/ ...  unmount : $ fusermount -u /tmp/AndroidDevice  references : http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/11/18/impromptu-qa-session-with-android-engineer-dan-morrill-brings-to-light-reasons-behind-galaxy-nexus-lack-of-usb-mass-storage/ http://blog.itsbilal.com/2012/12/connect-an-android-4-0-phonetablet-to-ubuntu-the-reliable-way/
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androïd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
it sounds like you are using the samsung keypad with " portrait keypad type " set to 3x4 keypad , and " xt9" switched off ? for starters , your device has a lot of different keyboard types pre-installed , if you switch to a different keyboard or mode , you can just press " . . . " with 3 presses on the " . " button . before i go into your other keyboard options , you can teach the phone the " . . . " sequence as a new learned " word " . go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , you should now see an option xt9 make sure that this is ticked , and then you can go into xt9 advanced settings and scroll down until you see xt9 my words press add word and type in the three dots as if they were a word and save . now when you are typing you should be able to do it as dot (wait) dot dot which is slightly faster . alternatively change your keyboard mode , go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , portrait keypad types one of your options here is qwerty keypad this keypad looks a lot like a normal computer keyboard , and you can just press dot dot dot without any need for pauses . finally you should also have the swype keyboard pre-installed on a galaxy tab , to turn this on go into settings -> locale and text -> select input method and pick swype . this looks a lot like the samsung qwerty keyboard , and you can use it the same way to do dot dot dot , it also a totally different and fast ( once you have had some practice ) way to enter words by swiping your finger across the keyboard . swype should pop up a tutorial to show you how to do this when you first switch it on .
android has built-in formatting capabilities that are usually available via Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Format SD card ( or something similar depending on the device you use ) .
summing up from the comments : with busybox , android provides tools for formatting from the command line . in your case , this would be /system/sbin/mkfs.vfat . this is reported to sometimes throw an error like : mkfs.vfat: lseek: Value too large for defined data type  according to this xda thread , this is the fault of busybox . using a different version ( as reported in post #12 of that thread ) should solve the issue -- and did it in your case , luckily .
go to samfirmware get your original firmware from there and keep the selected file in pda option in odin . do not tick any other option ; just put your handset into ' download mode ' and connect it to pc . when odin displays ' connect ' , click on ' start ' and wait until it starts flashing then ; you will be able to use your phone .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
if you have a rooted phone , you can always edit your hosts file to block known adult sites . trying to block all sites is an exercise in futility , unless you opt for a slight reversal of logic and use white-listing wherein only allowed websites are allowed to be connected to and all others are blocked . as of now , i am not aware of any app on android that offers this functionality . there are other avenues for adult content - the android market is one of them and blocking that seems counter-productive for a smartphone . also take a look @ droidwall - an app that only allows certain apps to access the net . * update : *trend micro 's paid app mobile security seems to have parental controls , although i can not vouch for the app 's efficacy . the user reviews do not paint a very comforting picture but a 30 day trial is available so you can test the app out yourself .
it may be worth contacting your carrier . i know vodafone uk , for example , offers some sort of parental control . though this would not monitor access over wifi .
k9 webprotection is out for android . seems like it does not work for some devices , though , as it is based on firefox . this can always be combined it with an app locker to block the default chrome browser .
it does not block content , but x3watch monitors what websites you visit . if you use that in conjunction with droidwall as suggested by sparx , or use an app protector to block/limit other apps , that may help . update : covenant eyes now has an app now available in the market . as with x3watch , it does not block sites ( though it may in the future ) but reports what websites you visit . it is officially a beta version , but seems to work well . the app itself is free , but usage requires a covenant eyes account - which also covers usage of any programs on the pc or mac .
t mobile has some sort of optional content filter also . i know that it only works when you are browsing over 3g/4g/edge , not wifi . i do not know how well it works though , as the only experience i had with it was it being turned on in error and me having to call to get it turned back off .
hi i was reading for the solution of this problem , and i found about adobe reader x for android , in this version of adobe exist an option that allows user view the pdf in presentation mode , here i leave an extract of the information i found from this link fit-to-screen viewing mode for those users who like to look at pdf documents one page at a time , reader x introduces a new “fit-to-screen” viewing mode in addition to the earlier continuous scroll mode . this mode is especially useful if you’re reading presentations . use the “view mode” menu option to switch to this mode . while in fit to screen mode , you can navigate across pages in two ways : 1 tap on the ‘hot zones’ near the left and right of the screen to take you to the previous or next page respectively , 2 swipe the screen horizontally towards the left or right to navigate to the next or previous page respectively . "
since there have not been any responses , i will record the solution that i have come up with so far , in case anyone else is interested . it is not quite perfect yet , so further answers / comments are certainly appreciated . apv pdf viewer has options that allow you to disable the visible zoom buttons , lock the horizontal scroll , increase the distance between pages , and bind the up/down and left/right keys to page up/down . setting these options , position the page in the middle of the screen . touching the screen right or left will forward a page , but if you are not careful , it will still lead to moving the page around . however , if you use a bluetooth remote ( as i do ) to forward the page , this is not a problem and it works pretty well . ezpdf reader does not seem to work for what i had in mind , as it does not seem to have an option that shows a 4x3 slide in full ( with black borders on the sides ) . on the other hand , it should be possible to compose the beamer slides in 16x9-mode , and then i think there are enough options to make this feasible . i have not tested this yet , as i have not yet spent any time on thinking what the best layout is for 16x9 slides . in the long run , this seems likely to be the best option .
i had the same problem and had to try out a bunch of apps . in addition to what you were looking for , i was also interested in the possibility to add comments during the presentation using the s-pen of my galaxy note . all the apps listed below support full page view , so there are in principle an options for presentations . moon reader pro this is an excellent ebook reader . you have to pay for the full version , since the free version wont support pdf display . you can select full-page mode . by default there is no transition effect . you can also annotate while viewing . the pdf quality is very good and i have not seen any lags . tons of options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flyersoft.moonreaderp aldiko book reader also a very good ebook reader that supports pdfs . very much the same as the moon reader , but it wont allow annotations . also moon reader has more options . the main advantage is that this reader is free . so try this one out first . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aldiko.android acrobat reader foxit and foxit mobile pdf lit both viewers are fast and allow annotations , but you cannot turn off the page transitions . very annoying for presentations . both apps are free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.adobe.reader https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foxit.mobile.pdf.lite pdf viewer this viewer was first slow , but one can change the options such that it performs okay . it has no page transitions , but it wont allow you to annotate . free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=the.pdfviewer3
i would not use a stock app to do this . i have tried using the stock app to do data managing and it is really not that great . here is a great app that will do fine for your situation : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobidia.android.mdm it is free of course , so nothing to lose . here is their youtube video if you want to just check it out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=5u_9bcjedq4
have you tried a profile management app like swip , tasker or condi ? these should give you more control over your wifi schedule . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.fhhgb.mc.swip https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=il.co.kix.minitasker
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
i have set my phone to english ( united states ) , but then i also customized date and time to use italian format ( dd/mm/yyyy ) . numbers do not seem to be customizable , plus some apps ignore date and time settings and use the ones from the main language , or allow to specify a format .
you can set the date and time format in the settings ( system section ) -> date and time .
someone should back me up on how this works , but . . . apps you have installed are synched with your google/gmail account , and will download upon initial sign-in to your new phone . my droid just recently broke , and i was close to the upgrade time , so i got a droid 2 global . i know , of course , my contacts and calendar are synched with my google account , however so were my apps . the verizon rep did not touch my old phone , yet all my apps began downloading as soon as i signed in for the first time . also , to my surprise , my cyanogen background also showed up ( i was running cyanogenmod 6 when my original droid died ) . so , in theory , this should also work for you . verizon uses a proprietary tool called backupassistant that normally takes care of synching most things on your phone , but i specifically deleted it as i do not want my info backed up to verizon . i believe the app sync is built into your google account .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
matt has a first-hand experience with accidentally having google backup all his applications : cancel all market updates/downloads at once
if you are getting another of the same phone running the same firmware then you should be able to use titanium backup , pull the backup to your computer , get the new phone , install ti backup , replace the backup files from your computer , and then run batch restore of your apps . i have not done this before , hopefully others will have more input .
the only issue with titanium backup is that your phone needs to be rooted . if it is not rooted and you are not prepared to root the device , then a suitable alternative would be to use my backup pro : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rerware.android.mybackupprohl=en http://www.rerware.com/
yep . firstly , unless you have downloaded pirate apps ( by which i mean you have downloaded each and every app through the play store ) , the downloaded apps will be in your ' purchase history ' for the google account ( does not matter whether you have actually spent money on the app or got it for free ) . when you undergo initial setup on a new android device and after entering your email address , you are normally given a choice to download all your previous ' purchased apps ' . however , just to be on the safe side , you should make a backup of all your existing apps through a backup utility ( dozens of them on the play store ) . this has the additional advantage that ( depending on the utility ) you may also get all your old app data too . if you use the first method ( the one with the initial setup and email address ) , there is a probability ( depending on your sync settings and the apps ' readiness to backup to google ) that your old app data will not be available to you .
if you are syncing with google already , most of that will automatically be synced to the new phone when you enable google sync on it .
if you are rooted , use titanium backup . you will not be able to restore some things , since the nexus one and htc magic have some very different system apps , but most should carry over . after backing up with tb , copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ to your pc . then on the n1: install tb , copy the folder from your pc to the same location on the phone , then run tb and restore . if you are not rooted , it is difficult to back up most things , especially all at once . i would rely on google 's backup for your list of apps and that sort of thing , as the other answer suggests .
if you are not squeamish about rooting your phones you could use an app like titanium backup . just root both devices install titanium backup on both choose the apps you want from your magic and back them up copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ from your magic to your nexus one ( this is the path used on my droid , it may be different on your devices ) load titanium backup on the nexus one and load the backups
for the sms messages , see this previous question : how do i backup and restore sms messages ? out of the suggestions there , i have used life saver 2 successfully to transfer all of my sms and call history between phones very easily .
the norm definitely seems to be for developers to update their app and those who have already paid for it will also receive the update . however , this is definitely not enforced in any way , shape , or form . unless you have a contract stating otherwise ( and you ensure it is enforced ) , you only get what you pay for ( the current version of the app ) and that is it . the developer can easily choose to upload the new version as a " different " app and expect old users who want to upgrade to pay for it .
yes but this is not enforced . i have not seen any android app developer do otherwise
if the developer keeps releasing updates to the app as the same packagename and you already purchased the application previously , then should receive updates for the application for free . e.g. if you went and purchased my app then you should get updates so long as i keep updating this specific packagename of the app : net.mandaria.cardashboardpro however , i could at some point in the future decide that i want more money for the application and release a newer version of the application under a new packagename : net.mandaria.cardashboarddeluxe you would not get a free update to this app , even if it is technically the same application , i have chosen to release it as a separate app in the eyes of the android market ( which determines two applications to be different solely by their package name ) . however , i could still charge you for more money by including ( optional ? ) in-app purchases or subscriptions that did not previously exist without changing the package name . carrying the same example , i could still use net.mandaria.cardashboardpro but have an in-app purchase for the " deluxe " features . most developers will not do these things to users who have already purchased their application , but it is not impossible . once such example of a developer trying to charge for a newer version of his application was psx4droid . the backlash was so vicious from his users that he went back and updated the older ( version 1 ) of his app to the newer version ( version 2 ) . he now has to maintain three versions because of this ( version 1 and 2 , plus a free version ) instead of two . talk about a developer headache . so ultimately it depends on what the developer decides to do . in the majority of cases , the developer will keep supporting the same app and you receive the latest updates for free after your purchase .
yes , it should be possible . if your android phone is rooted , just use a root explorer and inspect the app 's data under /data/data/ [ com . your . vpn . app 's . name ] use " adb backup " ( win/linux app here ) and extract it with adbextractor use helium ( an adb backup frontend ) , it produces the same backup type that is extractable with adbextractor like above . you can determine your apps internal name by finding it on google play and looking at the the url : e.g. , openvpn for android has de . blinkt . openvpn as internal name
you can backup data in an app 's /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; folder by using android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . use adb restore backup.db  to restore the backup .
go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; and select the last tab named All . on top right corner , tap the 3 dots button , and select Reset app preferences . this will enable all the disabled apps on your phone .
contacts are stored in a database . if you mean the filename of the app , it is probably contacts . apk in /system/apps/ .
it is contacts . db but it is not a normal file or directory , it is a sqlite3 database in the following location which you will need root to access : data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/contacts.db 
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? first , i strongly caution against messing with this . if an app is hogging system resources or otherwise being a problem , uninstall it . android is designed to manage running services and apps automatically , and manual interference is tricky and can cause various problems . there are apps that claim to allow you to edit start-up processes ( example ) , but i do not trust them . many of them either do nothing or simply force close the app every time it starts . many services auto-restart so your phone will never sleep , the services will just be run and closed over and over . many of these apps do not require root , so i would be surprised if they could do anything at all . with root , you can use an app like autostarts to manage which apps are triggered by events . this is not quite the same as preventing apps from running at startup , but it can help prevent them from restarting after they have been killed . i recommend titanium backup for uninstalling system apps . make sure you do not remove actual android os apps/services , just third-party apps that have been protected ( e . g . bundled software like you had get on windows ) . some of these apps are more important than they appear ( i hear motorola phones have a lot of " useless " apps that the system relies on for no good reason ) , so use the backup feature of titanium first . ( note that if you break something badly , you may not be able to get into the phone to restore and fix it ! ) be very careful how you use all of these tools . if you remove or disable a system process , you can make your phone unusable .
an android app should have a good reason to start at system boot . to discover the apps that are able to start at system boot , install aspotcat and list all apps that are able to receive the " boot completed " intent . if you believe that an app of this list should not start at system boot and if this app does not provide an option to disable this behavior , uninstall that app . also , i would not uninstall any system services/apps . as others said before , android does a good job in managing the limited resources of a smartphone . do not take your windows paradigm along to android . btw , the intent system that enables " start at boot " apps has nothing to do with the linux on which android runs .
try clearing the appdata and cache . still if your problem isnt solved try unstalling the updates you have done to the app . you can do all this by goin to the settings then application manager select the app and do whats mentioned above
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
this is not specific to android . all battery powered devices ( ones with the built-in charging ic ) have this " feature " .
this must be specific to some devices/kernels as i have just tried this and my nexus 7 2012 briefly showed a " charging " battery animation before the screen going off - device then stays off . my htc one x did not show any charging animation , or power on but is showing the charging led .
there is a way to sync reminders to your android device described on cnet . the solution consists of two apps , smoothsync for cloud calendar and tasks . with this combination , you will have a separate reminder-style app that syncs with your icloud account . first buy and install smoothsync and add your icloud account to it . after this , install tasks and wait a couple of minutes for the sync to happen , and after this the setup is complete and ready to use .
try second way to enter recovery : shut down the phone . press "-" key and push power button . in appeared menu select Recovery item with volume control buttons . maybe it can help .
try pressing the trackball instead of the power button .
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
i found myself an answer : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484 now only google play is installed without gmail , talk , . . . but i had to link my phone anyway to google .
i would imagine that google play is not reliant on the other apps like maps , talk or hangout . just to be safe though , here is what i would recommend : create a full system backup of phone delete any apps that you do not want and see if they affect your usage if any apps affected your usage , restore your device and do not delete those apps . remember that it is always better to make a backup and not need it , than to need a backup and not have one = )
i had the same error and did some research on it . here is what i could find out . this error seems to be a little mysterious as it comes and goes . i have tried many things from several forums but in the end , waiting solved the problem . it just disappeared from one day to another and i was not the only one experiencing this phenomena . some even say it is a problem on the side of google . if you want to take action , here are the steps i could find and have tried : unlink your google account from the phone . do so in the account settings in the application manager , find the play store and delete data and caches relink your google account if that did not help and if it is possible on your phone : delete the dalvik cache , which stores information about the apps and the structure . do so by booting into maintenance mode -> option ' advanced ' -> ' delete dalvik cache ' while you are there , you might want to wipe the cache partition i have not tried this and on an unrooted phone it might not be possible , but several people said it helped them to delete the " . android_secure"-file with a file browser though i am not sure about the consequences of this . if all fails , wait for a couple of days ( which worked for many people i have heard of including myself ) . i hope this could help you .
you need to go to the ' connected sites and applications ' section on the security page and click ' review permissions ' . from here you should see feedly listed like this : click the " revoke access " button and feedly will no longer be able to access your account .
download and install toshiba bluetooth stack ( do not forget to reboot ) right click toshiba bluetooth icon in the system tray and choose " option " turn on " pan " service and " dhcp " option . open terminal ( press win+r , then entering cmd ) . go to the toshiba installation folder ( similar to this ) : cd "c:\Program Files (x86)\Toshiba\Bluetooth Toshiba Stack" and rerun the pan service by entering : TosBtPSS.exe /END TosBtPSS.exe /NAP then you can share the internet by using ics , bridge network or 3rd party nat in windows such as nat32 . i also wrote a bluetooth reverse tethering tutorial .
requirements : rooted android device with " usb tethering " capability . windows pc with a working internet connection . usb cable to connect your android to your pc . terminal emulator on your android . if you do not want to type commands on your touchscreen with terminal emulator , you can use your pc keyboard to enter commands with " adb shell " . adb is a part of android sdk which is available for download from google . to use adb , you need to enable " usb debugging " on your android . optional , busybox on your android . step 1 : connect your android to pc by usb cable and enable USB tethering windows will automatically search windows update and install driver for you . you can skip windows update search and install manually an already included driver from microsoft . in install driver window , click Browse My Computer, then Let me pick... , select Network Adapters , uncheck Show Compatible Hardware , look at Microsoft Corporation at the left column choose Remote NDIS Compatible Device from the right column . you can also install or update a driver from device manager in windows . step 2: open Network Connections in Control Panel . right click on an internet connection that you have . select Properties . in tab Sharing ( or Advanced for windows xp ) , click Allow other network users to connect through... , then select the usb connection in dropdown list below . click ok . windows will automatically setup your usb network connection and assign to it an ip address , default for windows 7: 192.168.137.1 , default for windows xp : 192.168.0.1 . you can see your internet connection is now " shared " and your usb connection is now Unidentified network . your pc setup is now done ! step 3: open terminal emulator on your android . type : su netcfg rndis0 dhcp  ( the name for usb interface inside android may vary . it is usually rndis0 or usb0 . type busybox ifconfigto identify the name . when automatical dhcp method does not work . type : if route fails , try : busybox route add default gw 192.168.137.1 (192.168.0.1 for Windows XP) dev rndis0 dev rndis0  some applications ( download in google play , gmail , facebook . . . ) do not recognize internet connection . you can try this way enable temporarily 3g connection on your android and type ifconfig rmnet0 0.0.0.0  ( the name for 3g interface inside android may vary : ppp0 , rmnet0 . . . type busybox ifconfig to identify name ) source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2287494
you can certainly do this . try wifi hotspot creator . if you use linux look at this article . sorry for the long link . i am using the mobile version of my site . there should be a view classic desktop version of the site . basically it takes your ethernet-connected laptop and turns it into a wireless hotspot router . this is not the ad-hoc method , it is actually hotspot . android cannot connect to ad-hoc networks due to their configuration . the real ways i have suggested also work for android . http://www.gymforgeeks.net/apps/blog/show/41086916-make-ubuntu-a-wireless-hotspot-not-ad-hoc-
i do not know cwm , but twrp ( which supports your smartphone ) allows you to mount the /sdcard partition via usb . if you have got troubles with the latest version , try an older one ( i had some problems too in the past with another phone ) . if that is still ro , you may need to format it ( always in the twrp menu ) . as a plus , it is a 100% touch screen recovery !
if your version of cwm recovery has the “install zip from sideload” option in the main menu ( looks like such recovery version for htc one x exists ) , you can use this option to install from a zip file which is stored on your computer without copying it to the sd card : select the “install zip from sideload” option in the recovery menu . run the following command on your computer : adb sideload UPDATE.zip  where UPDATE.zip is the zip file you want to install . you may need to update your adb executable if it does not understand the sideload subcommand . note that currently there is no confirmation when the “install zip from sideload” command is selected , and also no way to abort the sideload mode once it is entered , therefore if you enter the sideload installation mode without a way to give the adb sideload UPDATE.zip command , the only way out would be to pull the battery ( on some phones holding the power button for 10­­–15 seconds to force a reboot also works ) . or , if you entered the sideload mode , but do not actually want to install a zip package , run something like adb sideload /dev/null , or use any small file which is not a zip package . the sideload option is primarily made for phones which do not have internal fat32-formatted storage , but should also work on other models . one important limitation is that the zip file is temporarily downloaded into the phone ram ( it is placed into /tmp/update.zip , which is in ramfs ) , therefore , depending on ram size of your phone , you may not be able to install large packages this way .
this is at best a partial answer , but i believe i have collected some pertinent information . i am the author of that other question you link to , and my goal is exactly the same as yours : use the nexus 5 with a projector with vga input only . you distinguish between vga adapter and converter , which is part of what i was asking for in my question , and from the answer i got i thought there is no such distinction . especially after i noticed that this hdmi-to-vga product , which in the description claims not to need an extra power supply , actually does have a micro-usb port to get power , and many customers comment that it only works with extra power , i assumed that the difference is a matter of marketing . in the ( german ) product description it says at some point " adapter " and at another point " konverterkabel " ( converter cable ) . i still do not know whether there is such a difference . if there is , i would assume that an " adapter " merely makes an analog signal which is somehow hidden ( ? ) in the hdmi available , while a " converter " actually contains d/a circuitry . i had a look at the " slimport to vga adapter " from analogix but did not buy it for the same reason you give ; moreover , the description mentions " lg g2" and " lg optimus g pro " , but not the nexus 5 . the analogix website also shows an " hdmi/vga combo adapter " , which appears not be for sale yet . i sent an email to analogix requesting clarification , but they did not reply . in the end i decided to buy the " hdmi adapter " from analogix and the hdmi-to-vga thingy linked to above . the first works perfectly , but the second does not work at all , at least not in combination with the first . i tested it using a projector and two different monitors , and in all cases there was not even a sign that a signal was received – with or without extra power . i will send it back , but i do not know which other product to try next . a possible explanation why it does not work would be that the native resolution of the nexus 5 of 1920 x 1080 ( full hd ) is too high for a vga connection , or for the respective device . since the nexus 5 has no hdmi output settings , i used the app " screen settings " ( needs root ! ) to change the resolution . this appears to work on the device screen ( apparently scaled up again to the screen 's size ) , but does not change the fact that vga output is not recognized . strangely , if i connect to a monitor via hdmi , the monitor still reports an 1080p input signal . this might be a quirk of my monitor , but it might also indicate that the changed resolution only affects the software side but not the signal . i am not sure whether hdmi supports arbitrary resolutions , but i think there should be at least 1080p and 720p . another possible explanation is that the hdmi output is " protected " by hdcp , and a " legal " hdmi-to-vga converter will not simply strip the hdcp , thus just disabling output for an encrypted input . according to this thread on xda-developers , hdcp is activated by default and for all content on the nexus 10 , and the only way around it is to install a custom rom . i suppose the same holds for the nexus 5 . i made a post on google 's product forums about this , the chances for getting an answer might be slightly larger if more people favorite this and/or chime in .
in your google account dashboard view , in the andoid device part you can see which applications stored someting in the android backup service , for my account , beside the standard android wallpaper , android system settings and android market i have some " dragon , fly ! free " data ( a game ) .
the command ' fastboot devices ' shows only the devices it can access properly with fastboot protocol . check if you have sufficient rights for accessing the device ( either do it with root or add aproppriate udev rules ) . check if you really started the device into fastboot mode
go to settings > location > mode and select high accuracy . this will ensure that the gps is used for location .
the following may work : download an app called sms backup+ from play which backs up texts to gmail . from there , it should be simple enough to forward .
in my experience the division of texts like this has more to do with the carrier . for instance , i am on t-mo . . and texts i get from other t-mo users are never split . this is not a limitation of the device so much as it is a limitation with simplemessagesyntax
factory reset will delete all your data , and restore your phone as if it were brand new . on the other hand , flashing a new rom is one way to change another version ( usually to a higher version or a custom rom ) of android . in this case , data is retained , unless you do a full wipe , which is equivalent to a factory reset . a factory reset is sufficient in your case . other questions : what is hard reset and what is factory reset ?
another way to wipe is install the factory image from google this completely formats/wipes your phone ( including user data by default ) . this would guarantee that you get rid of the virus . i would suggest doing a factory reset first though as that is a simpler method which may rid you of this virus . to install the factory image you would need to unlock your bootloader ( which wipes your device in the process , the same as a factoy reset would ) . you can then run the flash-all . bat ( or flash-all . sh if you are on linux ) from the factory image zip and this should perform all the necessary steps for you
i also have the same issue on an 7" astro+ - but also there is no " people " ( contacts ) app - although it shows in settings on the apps list , is cannot be found as an icon anywhere . . . anyone else got this as well ?
here is a solution ! you need to enable screen pin/password lock . it will disable the physical keyboard in sleep mode . : )
i now have the same issue using a 7" sumvison astro+ after updating the firmware to the manufactures latest ics listed version . from what i can tell this issue has been introduced as it was not present when i first received the tablet with the original firmware . the details the device lists are android version 4.0.3 build version 9f2-d1-h2-h01-2102.20120515 baseband version 1.1 kernel version 3.0.8+ the release notes list nothing but stability improvements so no clues as to what has been tinkered with . generally the update was successful a wi-fi issue i had with streaming music has been cleared and the devices has had it is default cpu speed bumped up which makes it feel snappier , if this keyboard issue was not there it would be perfect .
the image shows that you have downloaded the factory image archive , but it is not the official one . i would suggest that you read the instructions on the official page , factory images for nexus devices and download the archive from there . this includes the tools needed to flash the image . download the android sdk which contains the necessary tools here you need to have fastboot in your path put your device into fastboot mode with the bootloader unlocked and connected to a pc extract the downloaded archive to a directory you should see the following files : bootloader-mako-makoz30d . img flash-all . bat flash-all . sh flash-base . sh image-occam-kot49h . zip radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.98 . img run the flash-all.bat file with administrator privileges ( i.e. . right-click and Run as Administrator... ) the process will flash your device with the stock rom , assuming the previous steps were done correctly .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
you should be able to find them here . if they are not there then your phone is probably not actually uploading them . if it is not uploading photos check that in settings > accounts > google > " your account " > google photos is checked . also check in google+ > settings > auto-backup that it is configured to upload , there are also some settings to control when ( on wifi/charging etc ) .
what i have seen is this : if it is grey it is gsm . if it is black it is cdma . virgin mobile uses cdma ( black )
it should be identical to flashing when dalvik is enabled . if the rom cook packaged up everything correctly , you should be able to " dirty-flash " the nightly builds over the previous ones ( assuming you are staying on the same rom channel . ) i would confirm with the rom author though . on the topic of wiping caches , the cyanogenmod 's installation instructions specifically state : contrary to popular belief , there is no need to wipe anything when you update cm . this includes your cache partition , your dalvik cache , and your battery stats . while wiping these won’t hurt anything , you can increase the time it takes to boot up cm after you install the update . android is smart enough to manage both your cache and dalvik cache without you intervening , and wiping your battery stats does absolutely nothing to help with your battery life ( the file is only used to provide the raw information to provide the stats and graph in settings -> battery ) – it is actually wiped automatically every time your device is charged to 100% . of course you should always have a recent backup via recovery in case things start to go wrong .
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
by searching in google , i landed in a discussion thread on xda . it seems that this issue is a software bug and just to troubleshoot , keep the battery charged fully and see at what level of the battery this issue comes up . and you are being referred in that discussion as well ; - )
there was a thread similar to yours a while back . it refered to a stackoverflow thread with a overwhelmingly positive answer . one of the answers is to clear dumpstack . here is the excerpt from the stackoverflow answer . here 's a very simple solution that works on my samsung galaxy s ii and note 1 ; i have no idea about other models : Open the Phone app and switch to Keypad. Dial *#9900# On the screen that appears, click on the button labelled "Delete dumpstate/logcat".  i have restored about one gb of system space this way . hope this solves your problem .
root and flash your phone it solves anything ( not only in my experience )
yes you must root , flash etc and then install a new rom . i had all of this crap on my s2 so i just upgraded to a nexus 5 . best thing i ever did
daniel ! i had the same problem after flashing it with cm 10 nightly , but after debugging on settings , i found a fix . i dont know if its a bug or what , but what i did was : 1 ) ' forget ' my network 2 ) connect to it again ( make sure your security key is entered correctly ) 3 ) if still says , " saved , secured with wpa " dont hesitate , you are still not done 4 ) on your wifi window , press your menu button 5 ) choose " advanced " 6 ) there should be a " wi-fi frequency band " choice , make sure its on " auto " 7 ) still not working ? underneath the ''wi-fi frequency band'' , there should be " wi-fi ' region code " . 8 ) i dont know if yours has a choice selected , but mines didnt . i chose , " united states " and viola . when i went back , it says " connected " and my wi-fi sign finally showed on my status bar hope this helps !
problem is that i can not down load the file manager to do this . you can download a file manager from the browser and install it . oi file manager avaible from the web page as are many others if you search around .
you should be able to call the messaging intent with am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW "sms:numberhere" -e "sms_body" "hello"  using the intent command as described here : http://learnandroid.blogspot.com/2008/01/run-android-application-from-command.html stackexchange-url
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
unless your launcher specifically supports it then no . some launchers allow you to easily uninstall by long clicking and then dragging to an uninstall option , some require you to do it all manually . you may wish to search for alternate launchers from google play if you really want to be able to do this .
yes , drag it to the trash can but hover there a few extra seconds . * you should then get prompted to answer ' are you sure you want to remove this app ? ' also , if the app cannot be deleted because it came pre-installed , then this will just remove its shortcut . this is dependent upon the launcher .
you want the android sdk . from the cyanogenmod wiki : after installing the android sdk or adb standalone you can use ' fastboot ' in addition to the more common adb . after installing the sdk you will need to add the android sdk platform-tools package .
htc used to have a copy of the linux binary , but they changed their developers portal and now i can not find that one anymore , either . the only other pre-compiled version i have been able to find is here ( link originated from this thread on droidforums .net, which also has a link to a pre-compiled osx binary ) . i checked with readelf on my linux vm and it looks like it is a 64-bit binary , so i have also uploaded a 32-bit version to my dropbox public folder , and it can be downloaded here . this is the binary i use on my machine , which i believe i got from the aforementioned htc site that is now missing . aside from that , you can compile android from source to get it . . . but that is kind of a terrible solution for a single small binary file .
here it is : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11347040postcount=105
the replicant project builds tools with every release ; you can find their tools here ( go down the directory tree in a path like replicant-2.3/preview/0002/tools/ ) , along with notes about which git version was used for the source . go one directory up and read copying for details . note : they only offer linux builds . source code is here .
i do not believe @mark dorsey is talking about the imei , i think he means the device id that android assigns to a device . this id is generated when the device first boots , but it will be recreated if you do a factory reset . reference more specifically , settings . secure . android_id . this is a 64-bit quantity that is generated and stored when the device first boots . it is reset when the device is wiped . android_id seems a good choice for a unique device identifier . there are downsides : first , it is not 100% reliable on releases of android prior to 2.2 ( “froyo” ) . also , there has been at least one widely-observed bug in a popular handset from a major manufacturer , where every instance has the same android_id . with that said , there is no guarantee that the application you are looking to gain access again with uses the device id , it may use other means to identify the device , like mac address , or some other information , or even a combination of them .
if you go to settings -> storage , then hit the menu button , you will find an item called usb computer connection . here you can set usb settings .
no one has answered my question , so i will share what i have learned with my own investigation . no , you have to uninstall updates from the manage apps menu selection from the home screen . i am currently doing this as a workaround . i did not find a way to email google and get an answer , but i did find their forums . the related question on their forums is at http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=0d337324bcc86a55hl=enfid=0d337324bcc86a550004b349bee9f864 there has been particiption in the discussion from a google employee , which is a good sign . also , version 6.0.0 is an improvement of 5.12.0 , but still not as good as 5.8.0 .
from the support page do users need a google plus account to use hangouts ? no , but some features—using apps in video calls , sharing photos , and using circles to control who can reach you and how—require a google+ profile . see the following for more information : hangout video call features available with or without a google+ profile and hangouts chat vs . google talk for google app users the additional information states : although google+ provides a superior experience , it is not required for hangouts for google apps to work .
have you rooted your phone ? if so , what rom are you using ? and if you attempt to download the app again after this error , does it install then ? i have had similar problems when using custom roms whose play stores are . . obviously not working . ( i do not have enough rep to comment , so would have posted this as comment )
i think i have found the problem . the user has over 19 thousand emails in his inbox . i will check this as the answer once i have confirmed it ( he needs to clean up the emails first ) .
try this : adb shell " cd /data/local and and mkdir tmp " adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp . bak adb shell ln -s /data /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb wait-for-device adb shell rm /data/local . prop adb shell " echo \"ro . kernel . qemu=1\" > /data/local . prop " adb reboot by creating a link to from /data to /data/local/tmp , android will believe you are writing to /data/local/tmp even though you are actually writing to /data . this method is actually used to successfully root many devices , though some have it specifically in the build.prop that /data/tmp is off limits . this method might not work with a kindle fire , though i have not tried . i have rooted a kindle fire , but it involved a different method entirely . first , twrp recovery had to be flashed . then , a fake recovery image exploit . then , you could gain access to copy over your su and busybox binaries . you can try the local.prop method as i described above though . it is compatible with many devices .
short answer : you will have to root your device for that . explanation : the shell user has no write permission there . the /data directory is not owned by shell , nor does their group match : on my motorola milestone 2 , e.g. , it is owned by system:system and has the permissions drwxrwxr-x , while shell belongs to the shell group only . only on a rooted device you could either change the permissions , or be privileged enough to override them . ps : on android , the sudo command is simply called su -- which explains your last error ( /system/bin/sh: sudo: not found ) in case your device is already rooted .
you did not follow the rooting instruction properly . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/34162-root-kindlefire-7hd-probably-the-other-2ndgen-kindlefire/ the instruction above would have you create symbolic links to the /data/ directory from /data/local/tmp/ which would make the /data/local . prop writable after a reboot . make sure you follow the instructions precisely , including the reboots and all , and make sure you check each step that they do not produce unexpected error message .
not quite what you are looking for , but google voice will let you forward calls to other numbers based on time of day or defined " groups " of people that call you . essentially , it will " ring all the phones " you want it to and then you pick up on any of those phones . for example , you could have a mobile phone , a work phone , and a home phone . you could have google voice ring all three phones at once when someone dials the google voice number . also , us only .
i was looking for something similar and it is hard to find one that would work for android . however it is not so expensive to have a really good phone switchboard , you may use a very old computer with phone modem and utilized the land line , for example you can get an almost-for-free , an old pc computer from garage sales or bank or company that is in the process of updating their it systems , ( like a pentium ii or iii ) . then install either windows xp or linux along-side with a pbx server which you can download for free for both systems . sure it will take a little bit of time and patience to configure , the end result will be worth it , if done properly . a switch-board that will change a pc at your office to a desk phone . even , you can also have a intercom facility as well ( where users can call each other without using land line just over your lan - just pc to pc ) , even you can join remote branches or offices into one phone system . then you can have internal numbers like 1214 or of your own preference and choice , and share the one line over many users , and the most beautiful part is that there is no need to make new wires and getting phone sets ! search google for 3cx ( for windows ) or asterix for linux .
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
i figured how to solve it , but first you need access to your " inner " android files ( all the system stuff ) . you just need to navigate to /data/app , find the package of the app ( or the module ) and delete it .
if all you care about is the clipboard sharing , you might want to take a look at clipsync . this app allows you to share your clipboard between multiple android devices and your windows pc : copy on one device , and it appears in the clipboard of all others . at least that is what the app description says ( all windows i have are just for fresh air and light coming in , or to look out of them ( not out-look ) , so i cannot verify ) . a 4.5 star rating suggests it works -- and it is only 150kb " big " . if you want a bigger benefit , take compro01 's advice and have a look at airdroid . it is a great app , and lets you maintain your android device from any web browser in the same wifi network really nice ( edit your contacts , write sms , browse pics . . . ) . an beside that , allows for clipboard sharing .
airdroid will allow for bidirectional clipboard sharing ( not sure if it will work if you copy , then fire up airdroid or not though ) , as well as general remote control the device .
if you have android 2.3.4 or higher you are able to video chat with gtalk . even better , google hangouts allows you to perform one to many video chats .
short answer , maybe possible ! this will depend solely on the two crucial elements if there is a front facing camera on the handset , and that is running skype , then yes . stable wifi internet connection the account on the desktop pc , with skype , shall be called ( for illustrative purpose in explaining how it works ) ' bob ' the account on the handset , with skype , shall be called ' alice ' what you need to do is , with your desktop pc , log on to skype using ' bob ' . now , ' bob ' must have ' alice ' added as their contact . . from the handset , log into skype using ' alice ' , and that account also must have ' bob ' added as their contact . then just interact on skype on handset , logged in as ' alice ' , talking to ' bob ' which is on the desktop pc .
please check out zoom . us . android version is still in beta .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
as discovered here , htc have removed the link to the training option in the settings menu . however , the actual feature remains intact so i have created a quick app to access it . please note that we do not know why htc took it out , they may have had a very good reason and i could be meddling , however i have used the training feature successfully on my sensation without any negative effects and the recognition is much improved . i have put the application on google code , the download link being here ( including cr code for devices ) . please note that all use is under the mit license - hope this helps others with the same problem ! also , the option seems to have been returned to it is normal position in the menu in the following android/htc versions : Android 4.0.3 HTC Sense 3.6 Software number 3.33.401.53  viewable in settings --> about phone --> software information
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Lock screen -&gt; Improve face matching . you will need to confirm your pin , and then follow the on-screen directions to capture your face again . after each successful capture you will be placed back to the Lock screen settings menu , so just keep going into the Improve face matching section to repeat the process as many times as you wish .
one hypothesis is this : face unlock learns automatically . each time you unlock successfully , the function learns a new variation of your face image . therefore the " improve face matching " function is not needed . just keep unlocking , and your phone will get better and better at it . but be patient , because of security concerns the learning has to be slow and reluctant . this is only a hypothesis . i have asked in a google forum whether it is true or not , but got no answer .
it means that the viber contact 's phone is on , and the viber service is running . check your notification-settings in app . is it also possible you have notifications turned off for viber via android 's app settings ? you can check by going in to settings , apps , selecting the viber app and making sure the checkbox of " show notifications " is selected .
with the following solution : you do not depend on a 3rd party 's market app . it can be configured to bypass update notifications by google play . you can revert app " update block " whenever you want ( allowing you to update apps for future versions ) it does not uninstall or freeze the apps you use . it works with gapps too . there is a free app called changelog droid ( formerly this was a freemium app , now it has full functionality for free ) . through it you can manage updates of your other apps , being an intermediary with google play . the advantage is that you can send apps to a blacklist , omitting to show updates temporarily or " permanently " ( until you change your mind ) . you can also follow updates for applications you have uninstalled or you have never installed but want to observe . i accompany this response with some screenshots ( identifying with colors the different screen navigation ) for you to realize how it works . the only downside is that when you open play store , either directly or from this app , all apps will be shown ( including those that you did not want to update , as the one applying the filter is changelog droid and not google play itself , this was expected ) but in changelog droid you can access each app on google play with a button and then upgrade it individually . sorry : there is currently no option to update all allowed applications in one single step from changelog droid , but perhaps the developer could implement it eventually . note : i still have not tested for the scenario you describe ( i already have updated/replaced talk/hangouts ) , but it could work in your case . just remember to do not open my apps view of google play so it will not trigger automatic update of apps .
seems like write_raw_image works only from filesystem and does what dd does . proper way would be to just extract the images package_extract_file("aboot.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p5"); package_extract_file("modem.img", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p1"); 
perhaps you are talking about airplane mode ? if so , it saves on battery without having to actually turn off your phone by shutting down all the radios . it is also useful for places that do not allow cell phones ( hospitals , airplanes during take off/landing , etc ) in that it will not ring , etc .
you might be interested on applications to backup call logs : call logs backup and restore
you can create a phone call log using google calendar using the calltrack app which has the option to send it to your google calendar .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
for those with sense , you also can add the link manually ( i find that sense does not always add the notes tag to google contacts automatically ) . you can get the facebook " id " by going to graph.facebook.com/username instead of www.facebook.com/username ( ie : after you click on a friend on the facebook webpage , replace " www " with " graph" ) . then just paste into google contacts notes : &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:12345/friendof:67890&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt; where 12345 is your friend 's id and 67890 is your id . sense picks up the link on the next sync with google contacts , and the facebook link is added permanently .
for making this process simpler , use go contacts . one click joining . just open go contacts and open the menu , at the menu click on merge , it would give you sort options . sort based on name , email and phone number . choose an option and it would cluster the contacts it feels are duplicates together and ask you for confirmation . you can review and decide what to merge and what not to .
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
try settings --> apps --> google+ --> clear data and cache it will solve most of the issues .
i had exactly the same problem , actually i have come here for the solution . clearing data and cache did not help so i have decided to uninstall latest update . it worked for the original software so i gave a try and installed update once again . now it works properly , so perhaps you could try to reinstall your update and see what happens ?
i use tasker for that : context : app ( select all apps to apply this to ) task : keyguard off , display timeout to infinity ( optionally add more , e.g. brightness settings ) almost nothing that cannot be cured with tasker : )
it is odd that it happens . my last few devices always stayed on while navigating , when navigation was a stand alone app and now that it is part of google maps . you could go to settings > display and turn the screen timout off . double check the settings in navigation . alternatively screen timout toggle is an application on the play store that seems to be what you are looking for .
in case you do not like rossc 's recommendation of screen timeout toggle because it has a timeout , try keep screen on . this app lets you define a list of apps to watch out for . if these apps are open , the screen is always on . previously , i used screen on , but it has not been updated in a long while , and it does not seem to work well with newer android versions .
alright , i went through the sourcecode and the answer is surprisingly obvious : yes , this can often be muted by simply using the volume keys while using the app or adjusting the volume of the media audio channel in the preferences . the media volume is used , regardless if the device is in normal , silent or vibrate mode . but it depends on where you bought your device if this works ( i guess ) , some devices enforce audio over a channel that can not be muted . more ( technical ) details : the camera app checks the device configuration ( system property ro.camera.sound.forced ) whether it should play the camera sounds over a system-enforced audio channel that can not be muted . if this setting is off , it uses the media and music channel instead . in case that it uses the music channel , it ignores when the device is in silent mode though . this might be a bug/small oversight by the authors . this is why you have to adjust the channel volume instead . i guess the property mentioned above is set depending on where you buy your device , since the sound is required by law in some places/countries as explained by eldarerathis in the comments .
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
how long have you had your phone ? one common cause of intermittent headphone connections like this can just be that after carrying your phone around in your pocket for months , it has picked up " pocket fluff " in the headphone socket . at first this just squashes down out of the way when your headphones are plugged in , but after a while so much builds up that it stops the headphones plugging in fully and making a secure connection . removing this fluff can be as simple as just pulling it out with a straightened paper clip ( be careful when you stick it in there ) . this is what i found by in my headphone socket a little while ago with a paper clip . there are also some slightly more complicated ways to give the socket a good clean . this fluff problem is far more common with smart phones , than with stand-alone mp3 players or old-fashioned walkman-type devices , as you had commonly leave the headphones permanently plugged into those older single-purpose devices , whereas people usually leave the headphone socket empty on general purpose smart phones most of the time , and slip them in and out of fluff and lint filled ( and generating ) trouser pockets .
use samsung kies to successfully connect your tab to pc , samsung kies supplies the drivers for your tab to be recognised by pc , when connecting you will also have the usual window pop up to give you access through explorer to both the card and the main tabs " drive " , you can select through kies where you place your media , internal or external . hope this help .
each region has its own network-dependent versions ( with additional apps / bloatware ) . you can use the firmwares from other regions , which you can find in samfirmware , but you need to have a rooted phone .
you are limited by the network 's mms capability . most carriers will not allow multimedia messages larger than 300 kilobytes ( and thus most messaging apps will not even let you try to send a message larger than that ) , so the image needs to be shrunk to fit under that file size limbo stick . if you want to send a larger picture , you will need to send it via a different method , such as an email attachment or a picture messaging service like snapchat .
it means your activity is taking very long to be recreated since every time you rotate the screen , entire activity gets redrawn . it does not mean the phone sensor is slow or anything , you just need to optimize your code such that it does not load data ( whether from internet or local storage ) on orientation change but only recreates the layout . hope i made myself clear .
since android 4.2.2 , [ usb debugging requires authentication ] , something that is not possible during boot . to disable this , set the following property in default . prop ( inside initrd ) : ro.adb.secure=0  this enables adbd for a short time . it seems that some process is setting sys.usb.config=mtp . to work around that , i applied this patch ( perhaps only the start adbd part is necessary , i have only tested the below ) : you will not be able to get root ( su ) through this . for that , set : ro.secure=0  updating the initramfs block , the initramfs header field and the sha1 id ( header ) of the boot . img is not in the scope of this answer .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
no , you can not . to oversimplify - wireless payments ( nfc , rfid chips on cards , etc ) are not a simple ' what is your card number ' transaction ( because that would be insecure beyond belief ) , they are more of a ' here , encrypt this block of data with your secret numbers and return it ' type of thing . the block of data to be encrypted changes for each transaction , and there is ( supposed to be ) no way to get the device to spit out it is secret numbers . so you can not easily clone your cards onto your phone ( if you could , then so could anyone else who walked near you ) . that is not to say it can not be done at all ( if , perhaps , you found a flaw in the way the crypto works , you could perhaps deduce the secret numbers of a device ) , but it is not something you are going be buying an app for .
while the other two answers are basically correct ( you cannot create full clones of current contactless credit cards ) , there are attack scenarios that permit creating limited clones of emv-based contactless credit cards . this paper , for instance , describes a method to clone mastercard paypass cards by abusing a vulnerability caused by the backwards-compatibility of paypass cards with a ( cryptographically ) weak protocol and insufficient checking of transactions at the card issuer side . similarly , this paper describes how to abuse specific weakness of payment terminals to create limited copies of emv-based credit cards . in combination with the new host-based card emulation ( hce ) feature of android 4.4 ( or the host-based card emulation functionality of cyanogenmod 9.1 and later ) , you can emulate a pre-played credit card with your phone . however , you have to keep in mind that both cloning methods are attack scenarios and can lead you into serious legal issues ; - ) moreover , at least the first attack will quickly render your original credit card unusable due to draining the transaction counter .
the nfc hardware in the nexus s and the galaxy nexus is technically capable of emulating an nfc tag such as a contactless credit card . this is exactly how google wallet works . however , cloning an existing card is not possible , due to how the authentication process between card and payment terminal works ( based on secret cryptographic keys ) . so the simplest way to accomplish what you want is to install google wallet on the phone ( it comes pre-installed on the nexus s 4g , there are various tutorials available on the web for plain nexus s and galaxy nexus ) and load up some money in a google prepaid card and off you go to have a coffee .
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
redphone and textsecure from whispersystems are the best way to achieve encrypted voice and sms on android . those two apps just work ( tm ) and are extremely user friendly .
what you want is zfone on android . it is currently not native available , but there is a bug report on the offical android tracker asking for it . star it , but do not leave a comment without content . this is the best chance to raise googles attentions on this . whats currently possible on android is good described by the guardian project in this blog post . btw : the guardian project is good resource when it comes to to privacy and security on android .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
if you simply want a fresh installation and no update , then a factory reset would be sufficient .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
from my html5 knowledge , offline content and access , even though implemented by the website , will only work if the browser the client is using supports it . the ios browser seems to support offline applications , but the android one does not yet , based on what you said . so you will jsut have to wait until the browser is updated .
you can use this app : offline browser link : you can download a portion of a web site in your sd card and then read it offline
sms gateway from the android store does exactly what you want . periodically checks for e-mails via pop3 and send them via sms . send sms by http get request on its internal webserver . forward received sms to desired e-mail via smtp . forward received sms by calling remote webserver via http get .
i had the same issue . unfortunately if you have tried to check\uncheck more than two or three times you will end up resetting your device . explained here https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=53130
there are several process monitoring tools available on google play . one of them is os monitor , which is very likely to help you out with your issue : os monitor : process list , list of open ports ( souce : google play ) as the two screenshots visualize , you can see all running processes as well as network connections including used ports and current status . of course , you could also make use of command-line tools like ps ( to show running processes ) and netstat ( to show open ports ) from within your terminal app ( or via adb shell ) . together with grep , that might be even faster , as you can filter out unwanted entries ( e . g . netstat | grep adb ) .
i do research on li-ion batteries . why batteries fade over time is still an issue that is unknown at the fundamental level . what i can tell you is that there is a solid electrolyte interphase ( sei ) which forms upon the first charging cycle . this sei protects the negative electrode but it is suggested that the sei leads to fading over time . if you fail to charge the battery fully the first cycle , the sei will not fully form and may lead to fading over time . i have experienced this and i really do not think it is a myth . there is so much info out there . if this is a myth or not nobody will ever know i will tell you this for sure . p.s. read that ' battery university ' page . total b.s. read some current scientific papers on the issue .
li-ion does not need to be fully charged , as is the case with lead acid , nor is it desirable to do so . in fact , it is better not to fully charge , because high voltages stresses the battery . choosing a lower voltage threshold , or eliminating the saturation charge altogether , prolongs battery life but this reduces the runtime . since the consumer market promotes maximum runtime , these chargers go for maximum capacity rather than extended service life . source : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/charging_lithium_ion_batteries
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
yrajaby is right . other things you have to keep in mind : follow the instruction about the batery temperature range do not keep your battery completely discharged for long periods of time
unfortunately this is not an option on the stock android rom 's , regardless of the version . after doing a little research , it seems that if you wish to root your phone and install a new rom that the desire flavor of rom 's ( i do not know if it is available for your model of phone since you did not specify the model ) has this feature built into the rom itself . after some more research ( this was harder to find than i expected ) there is an app that has built in auto-retry of failed sms messages . please see this xda forum post for details about it . it is a replacement messaging client for your android phone which includes this feature .
some people have successfully installed cyanogenmod on top of 4.3 ( with knox ) . refer to the official installation guide , which includes installation on the phone and on the pc .
i managed to unbrick my phone eventually . tried to use rsd lite with several images , but it would give an error and then the application would crash and leave my bootloader corrupt . i tried all the schemes i could find including : loading the image from root of c : , disabling uac , etc . , but nothing worked . then i tried sbf_flash on linux with the same image , and it worked like a charm , no errors , and my phone was up and running again . so for anyone else who may encounter this problem , i warmly recommend using sbf_flash , it is incredibly simple to use .
check that you have usb debugging ticked in developer settings . if that does not work i would uninstall all the drivers relating to your phone and start again from scratch . note that the drivers that are needed while in fastboot can be different to the drivers needed for normal data transfer . i have had all kinds of problems relating to this a with my htc one x .
bedside best app . runs as a clock at night , only thing that will make noise are phone calls . love it .
i am surprised nobody has mentioned sweet dreams for android . its a free app and can pretty much do everything but tuck you in at night and make eggs and bacon in the morning : switch your phone to slient mode automatically during preset times those preset silent times can be overridden if your phone detects noise ( i.e. . you are still awake ) it has an alarm feature that can wake you up as well this app was the winner in one of the android developer challenges as well . more info : http://www.androidguys.com/2010/02/11/adc2-winner-sweetdreams-hits-android-market/
timeriffic is fantastic for this purpose , it is also on f-droid . org .
you can set the alarm to be active during ' silent mode ' , but that would eliminate calls . also , you can download tasker or locale from the market to create custom profiles based on time . these two apps ( and i am sure there are others ) are extremely customizable and you will be able to set up profiles exactly like you mentioned .
a new app i have been using is silence ( free , but you can pay to get rid of the ads ) . it is really pretty simple to set up . you simply add a new event , give it the start and end times , optionally set it to repeat on which days and set your " toggles " . it can toggle more than sounds , though : ringer + notification media alarm airplane mode wi-fi bluetooth mobile data you can toggle off any or all of those . another nice feature is that you tell it what to do with the toggle when the event ends : change back ( to whatever it was set at before ) do nothing silent ( for sound toggles ) vibrate ( for sound toggles ) set a volume level ( for sound toggles ) turn on/off ( for system toggles ) i particularly like the " change back " setting . if i have already silenced the ringer manually , i do not necessarily want it to come back on when the event ends . they also recently added the ability to tie an event to an event in your calendar . i use this to set my ringer to vibrate and turn off wi-fi during the times i am ( generally ) commuting on the train ( because i sit in the quiet car and there is no wi-fi available ) . i also use it to turn off the sound on my tablet during the hours i am likely to be asleep .
samsung devices running jelly bean have this functionality built in-in the form of blocking mode , which will allow you to shut off notifications , alarms , incoming calls , and alarms ( any or all of the above ) for whatever space of time you select . for the incoming calls ( and sms/email notifications ) , you can also select whether to block all calls or allow some numbers through .
even easier with tasker : create a profile called silentmode set it to be active between 23:00 until 09:00 now , add a task , call it muteaudio , with a tasker 's function called ' silent mode ' , set that to on that is one profile created . now to do the opposite logic . . . create another profile called normalmode set it to be active between 09:01 until 22:59 now , add a task call it soundon , with a tasker 's function called ' silent mode ' , set that to off now , both tasks will be activated depending on the clock on the device : )
or . . . you can use the simplest solution . add the power control widget at night , turn off the data sync widget ( fourth from the left , between gps and light ) no email or other notifications will make noise . in the morning , just turn it back on and you will get all your notifications .
another alternative is one of the original taskers : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cooolmagic.android.toggle5feature=search_result ( the lite version ) https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cooolmagic.android.toggleprofeature=search_result ( paid version ) have being using it since android 1.6 .
no widget necessary . i turn off auto sync and turn the volume down to vibrate . i have a sleep tracker app called wakemate on my phone and the alarm still goes off , even when the volume is turned down to vibrate ( using the button on the side , not in settings ) . to turn off auto sync , i press ( unselect ) the icon that looks like a refresh symbol on the floating toolbar . if you removed the toolbar , you can turn off auto sync by pressing settings > accounts and sync > auto-sync ( clear the check box ) . it prevents the phone from going to get your email and so on . turn it back on when you wake up and turn up your volume and you will soon hear the familiar downloading of emails , text messages , twitter updates , app updates , whatever .
i use llama to achieve this . it is free and very flexible and can control a lot of other settings too . it uses nearby cells to identify your location , so it is not as accurate as others that use gps , but does not require the gps to be on in order to achieve location based profiles .
stock sys volume settings : alarm vol up ringer up notifications down sys vol down you can use quick settings to quickly change these settings or quick profiles to create profiles for one click profile switching . i use this last option and have 2 shortcuts on my home , one that turns on my bedtime profile and one that turns on the daytime profile .
go to : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync  do you see a flickr account there ? if so , either make sure you are using that account with the gallery or try deleting that account and trying the gallery again .
your phone ( karbonn a10 ) does not have storage space available . it has 512 mb available only for the system and the applications binaries ( and their data ) . you can not store media files or any file that applications want to put on a sdcard on this memory . so , for this phone , you need a sdcard for all functions to work . ( but it is not true for all android phones )
no , they do not behave differently if you do not use the original charger . i have a samsung phone that has never even seen its original charger , along with some nexus devices in similar conditions , and they do not suffer from slowdown or anything like this . more likely , your phone is running low on internal storage , or you have recently installed an app that hogs the phone 's cpu or ram . there are lots of questions on the site about troubleshooting and debugging that kind of slowdown . start by looking at the list of running apps in the phone 's settings , browse those questions , and maybe ask a new one if you find something more specific .
i used to have this problem on my motorola droid 1 . i used tasker to " stop music " on certain headset events . see my answer here .
this is a known bug in android ( even in certain eclair systems ) . there is a widget called headset blocker that when added to any of your homescreens and activated prevents the music player from playing whenever you unplug your headest . freeware and it works . see if it helps .
since you mentioned motorola in the question , this might be your problem : the droid and milestone were having this problem on android 2.0.1 or less . it was corrected on android 2.1 . so update your phone to the latest version and it should be corrected .
no , the android emulator does not emulate specific socs such as tegra 2 , and it does not support nvidia 's instruction set extensions .
on my phone running 4.4.2 i have used a combination of tasker and secure settings to disable/enable the pin lock screen based on my phone 's position . worked pretty well .
as mentioned earlier , tasker can handle this sort of thing . you can set up a toggle button as you described by following these directions . i have something similar set up so that it does not ask for my security pin when i am connected to my home network . if i am away from home , i do have to enter my pin . it is quite handy . the only downside to using this is that you will lose the sliding unlock function when your keyguard is disabled . when you hit your unlock button your screen will come on without any slider . it is only a concern if you think you will accidentally hit the unlock button in your pocket . personally , i can not get the touch screen to do anything against my clothes anyways .
i am fairly certain this can not be done under 2.2 . even if you backup the lockscreen data , do a factory reset , and restore the data , only the lockscreen " type " is restored and not the actual pattern or password . it is designed not to be altered except by the settings app .
i am not sure but i think most widgets that used to be able to toggle the lock screen security no longer work in froyo ( 2.2 ) and above . i was about to suggest lockme widget , but then noticed you have 2.2 and the dev says it does not work with 2.2 there is also the ultra useful and feature-rich extended controls - which purportedly does have this functionality , but you had best test it before purchasing it .
in the mean time i got 2.3.7 up and in case someone needs another solution - now i use power widgets to toggle screen lock on and off manually . when i am on my home network , i use wifi unlocker to keep the screen lock turned off while the connection is on . works very nice . edit : after upgrading to 4.2+ i simply started using built-in android profiles . screen lock types can be set there and can then be easily switched through the " long-press-power-button-menu " .
from what i have read , tasker should be able to do this . you can turn on or off the screen lock mechanism based upon whatever criteria you want , including the value of a variable . you can also change the value of a variable via a widget . combine the two and it should work . caveat lector : i have researched tasker , i have read about what it can and can not do , but i have never tried it ( yet ) . so take this as speculation .
not without a different rom but you may be able to add one to the notification area . try this , i do not know how well ( if at all ) it works on the s5 but it is worth a shot .
i have stumbled upon an x server for android project ( now available as an apk to intall from f-droid , too ) : this project implements an x11 server for use with android devices , written in java . the x11 server runs within an android view subclass , allowing it to be embedded in other applications . but perhaps it is a bit tricky to connect to it through x forwarding via ssh . . . you must figure it out .
apparently x11 can be run on the g1 via some sort of debian image and shell app ; see this xda thread for example . i can not find any other ports of it . i use connectbot for " regular " ssh , i find it to be quite good . even edited and compiled code with it !
sms popup will create a modal dialog box on your screen when you receive a text message . you can make it turn the screen on too if the phone 's screen is off . handcent ( full sms replacement app ) also has a similar feature built into it .
if you click on the text message icon and go to your text message inbox , hit the settings button on youur phone and go to " settings . " scroll down and you can select the box enabling the phone to provide a preview of the message text .
you can get this functionality with these launchers : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sudomakemeanapp.sudoquicklaunch http://www.droid-life.com/2013/01/23/lmt-launcher-brings-pie-goodness-without-the-custom-rom/
you can try to use the mbrfat hack — the first sector which looks both like a fat boot sector and a mbr partition table . such images can be created by the makebootfat utility . i did not try to do this actually , but in theory you should do the following : create a files directory which should contain files to be placed into the fat32 filesystem image ( it could just be empty ) . locate the following files : mbrfat.bin — should be contained in the makebootfat package ; ldlinux.sys and ldlinux.bss — come from the syslinux 3 . x package ( use a 3 . x version , i am not sure that makebootfat is compatible with more recent versions ) . create a file for the fat32 filesystem image with the desired size of the fat32 part : dd if=/dev/zero of=fat.img bs=1M count=1024  create the fat32 filesystem image with mbrfat : makebootfat -o fat.img -m mbrfat.bin -b ldlinux.bss -c ldlinux.sys -F -Y -v files/  ( note that placing ldlinux.sys in the files/ directory does not work — it must be copied with the -c option . ) put your card in the phone and attach it to your computes as ums ( it you work with a card reader , it would be hard for you to mount nested partitions ) . write the created image to the whole disk device exposed by your phone : dd if=fat.img of=/dev/sdX bs=1M  create your additional partitions on the same device that you have written the image to . if you want to place the bootloader on the ext4 partition instead of using syslinux on the fat32 partition , mark your ext4 partition active and remove the active flag from the fat32 partition . make a backup copy of the mbr+fat sector : dd if=/dev/sdX of=mbr_fat_backup.bin bs=512 count=1  install linux on the ext4 partition , being very careful to avoid installing the bootloader to the mbr of the disk . some installers do not support installing the bootloader into the partition boot sectors ; in this case either skip the bootloader installation and install it manually later , or ( if skipping is also not possible ) restore the mbr+fat sector from the backup after installation , then install the bootloader into the partition boot sector . or you may configure syslinux on the fat32 partition as your bootloader ( for this you will need to copy the kernel and initramfs image to the fat32 partition ) . this configuration would work as follows : android will see the outer partition contents just as a fat32 partition , although with the number of sectors in the filesystem smaller than the partition size . the linux kernel on the android device will not try to parse the nested partition table , therefore the nested ext4 partition will not be accessible from there . when android exposes the partition contents as an usb mass storage device , the os on the host computer will parse the sector 0 of the exposed device as an mbr partition table , and will see multiple partitions there . for the fat32 partition it will use another sector as the boot sector containing the fat32 bpb ; this copy of bpb will contain a smaller value in the “number of reserved sectors” field , so that the fat and data clusters will end up in the same physical sectors as when using the bpb in sector 0 of the outer partition . the problem with this config is that accessing the ext4 partition when using the card in a card reader will not be possible , unless you use utilities like kpartx to expose nested partitions . booting when using a card reader could work if you create another partition on the card directly and install some bootloader there ( with a separate copy of kernel and initramfs images ) ; note that this partition will not be accessible when using the phone . in addition , mbrfat.bin is somewhat buggy , and some computers fail to boot when using it .
you may only be able to do it via it is Recovery by using the Mount USB Storage function . it is present in all custom recoveries . the plausible reason that you cannot access the ext4 partition in android is because it might be mounted and used by cyanogenmod . you might be able to forcefully unmount the ext4 in the Recovery on the Mount menu and unchecking the corresponding mount , if the kernel supports it .
to reset the battery stats you just need to go to recovery and wipe battery stats . its best if you do this with your battery fully charged . its wise to leave the phone an extra 10-20 minutes when wiping stats to ensure the battery is fully charged .
did you install some program right before it happened ? did you open a program , made changes , saved , and this happened ? are you using a custom kernel or rom ? if it is a new program , try to uninstall it first and check the results . if you did not install anything but used a program before the battery meter broke , then try clearing the data and cache of that program to set it to defaults . if the above did not work then you might need to report the kernel to it is respective developer or try to flash another kernel/rom ( if using a custom kernel/rom ) , and if not . a factory reset might fix your problem like what izzy said . i recommend using titanium backup to backup your files because its easy to restore afterwards . if it still did not help and you get a fast battery drain , then it is most likely a hardware problem , eg . power ic might be shorted
go locker has probably the most intuitive interface for changing the lock screen . plus they have an embedded store on their application making installation of new themes very easy . i have noticed in the google play store description for lockscreen calendar ( not part of go locker ) , that there are reported problems for replacing the lock screen on samsung devices . try go locker , that might help override samsung default settings , then perhaps your own screen locker applications might work . if your stuck on how to use these applications , try starting them from the applications menu . there should be instructions on their use . nb : here 's a lifehacker review of lockscreen calendar .
if you update to android 4.3 ( official ) , you can get the lockscreen widgets for it , which should do the job . or you could get one of the many lockscreen replacement apps from the playstore . i myself use cover : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coverscreen.cover
i guess it has to do with what you had on your device installed right before you wipe and flashed a new rom . google remembers last apps and all
make sure you have checked automatic restore and backup my data in settings> backup and restore . and also sync your google account right after a reset . you will notice that all of your apps are reinstalling in the background . hope it helps .
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
the official update will almost certainly unroot and not allow free wifi tether . i will let someone with experience speak to the bluetooth issues .
i have found something for you , although it may not treat your ipod the right way . the only way to find out is for you to give it a shot . luckily the developer of this app offers a version that is a five day free trial . super bt mono if you are running stock android 2.2 try this . if you are running cyanogenmod try this . i would follow the dev 's instructions on how to get this up and running , and just treat your ipod like the bt headset with which this app is meant to interface . it does not say so on the app page in the market , but on some forum thread ( of which i have unfortunately lost track , dammit ) someone mentioned that it will send notification tones and ringtones to the bt device .
why do not you just listen to music on the android device ? i have a sneaking suspicion that , given how apple tends to be very restrictive about what gets into the app store , and even more restrictive about what apps can do , this probably would not work simply . on the android side of things , it is a breeze to write an app ( or maybe there is something out there already that can do it ? ) that would connect to the ipod over bluetooth and send some notification to pause , when a call comes in . the problem as i see it is that , unlike on android , there is no real way ( without jailbreaking the ipod ) to just write an app for the ipod that listens over bluetooth and pauses when it gets the notification . . .
yes , it is possible . try to go at the root of the note program . from a note , click the back button , then click on ' most recent notes ' to see all notes . if you select " share " , you will be given to select more notes , or even folders . for more information on compatibility , please provide with your exact version of s-note .
with forwarding , you should be able to do this automatically . if your contacts are texting your google voice number , then you must have already told google voice to forward texts to your real number . you should be able to reply directly to that forwarded message . google creates a new phone number for your contact and associates it with that person . so if person x at phone number 123-456-7890 sends a text to your google voice number , you will recieve it on your regular number as coming from 987-654-3210 . when you respond , google will recieve the message ( they own 987-654-3210 ) , then resend it to 123-456-7890 with your google voice number as the caller id . however , if they are texting your regular number , or if you do not have forwarding enabled , you will be stuck using the google voice app to send text messages and still have your gv number show up . * *there is a paid app ( root required ) that claims to integrate google voice with the native ( and 3rd-party ) text messaging apps . the app costs $5 and looks like it does what you want . i have not tried this , though , and some of the reviews claim it does not work right ( though others say it works great ) . edit : there is a free version here .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
the issue is better explained here , it seems to happen when your device is almost full . if you are rooted then you can check the lagfix app , it did make a difference on my nexus .
it looks like some of your app is eating your cpu : one ( extrem ) solution would be to do a complete factory reset , and then reinstall the app you need . you could check your cpu usage ( there are many apps for that : android system info , cpu usage . . . ) , who , how long . . . and find who is too greedy
to troubleshoot , reboot to safe mode by long pressing the power off on the power-off menu . screenshot from my n4:
if your available space gets too low , the nexus 7 will become laggy . go to settings-> storage and check the number next to available . if it is under 3gb , try moving some data off the device ( movies , music , etc . ) via usb to get the available space to 3gb or more . if this corrects the performance problem , then you can restore data a bit at a time to fine tune the threshold where performance drops off . i do not know of a hard and fast rule for how much free space should be available . fwiw : my nexus 7 became very laggy ( long pauses for the keyboard to pop up after entering a text field , switching tabs in chrome was very slow ) and i tried uninstalling apps , disabling apps that ran as services to no avail . i checked my free space and it was 750mb . i deleted a movie i had copied to the device and freed up an additional 2gb . as soon as i did that , the lag vanished .
i have noticed the same issue on my nexus 7 running stock jelly bean 4.2 . i also noticed reboots . do you happen to have hd widgets installed ? that seemed to be the cause of many of my slow downs , but unfortunately not all . apps that use location services seem to be the issue with my slowdowns . are you noticing the same thing ? this article goes into some of the issues seen on 4.2 that i experienced .
yes , as far as i remember , google music is incompatible with google apps . have you tried using a normal google account ? i know , huge pain in the ass to use another account , but i think that might be the solution :/
i would say that automatic updating is not syncing , and not a bug . you can turn off auto-update in the settings for the market . if you do not want to use data while roaming , shut it off while roaming or turn off data roaming . if you occasionally want to browse or something without running the risk of having anything else use data , use something like droidwall ( requires root ) . you could configure it to only allow the browser , for example .
the sync feature is for the accounts which are connected to your phone and not the market . if you want to disable the auto-updating of new versions of the apps follow the following steps : open market . click menu and select my apps . select the app which updates itself . after the description of the app there checkbox , disable it . if you want to disable account synchronizing follow these steps : open settings > accounts and sync and uncheck the ' background data ' and ' auto sync options ' . alternatively you can just disable the packet data by going to settings > wireless and networks > mobile network settings , and uncheck ' use packet data ' option . hope this helps
the android market 's automatic update of apps feature is not connected to google sync as nothing is actually being ' synced ' but only updated . best thing to do is to turn off data or get an app that creates a firewall that blocks this ( this will probably require root access by the way )
the cyanogenmod wiki has some info on this . basically , their old version of apps2sd ( now called apps2ext ) required an ext partition on the sd card . their current version does not require partitioning , it is just a matter of overriding the preference of the app and moving it to the sd card anyways . since froydvillain is based on cm6 , you do not need to format your sd card ; cm6+ uses the new apps2sd , not apps2ext .
this might actually not be a problem caused by the operating system but rather by how much voltage the device can output into the headphones . so , your macbook is more likely to have a more powerful audio output than your s4 . the key word here is impedance . i assume the headphones you mentioned have a impedance too high for mobile devices , such as the s4 .
try out opera mini browser . it is good for mobile systems . but there is no specified browsers you are looking for erp kinda data .
ddms shows the running apps which have the " debuggable " flag set . if the built-in apps are also debuggable , it suggests you are using a debug build of the rom . switch to a release build . if the custom rom you are using does not have a release build , switch to a rom made by people who know what they are doing .
an application files consist of apk , dex , lib and data files . link2sd can only move the first three types of files to your sd card . program like google+ has huge data files so even after using link2sd they take up precious space of internal memory . when you move app to sd , only the apk file ( in android 2.2 ) and only the apk and lib files ( in android 2.3 ) are moved .
the camera on the samsung galaxy s 3 does have a timer . click the gear to bring up the settings menu . timer is nearly halfway down , between focus mode and resolution .
there is camera jb + available from the google play store features : ● camera : 3 modes : camera , video recorder and panorama silent mode ( no shutter sound , might not work on some devices ) pinch to zoom configurable volume keys wide screen pictures picture quality setting ( low/medium/high/ultra ) configurable storage source ( internal/sd card ) timer burst mode guidelines video/audio quality configurable ● gallery : ultra fast photos and videos viewer configurable thumbnail size grid view/filmstrip view hide unwanted folders slideshow mode trim videos ● photo editor : high quality photo editing new filters and borders
after weeks of having this problem , i figured this out . in system -> apps , under the google play music app , i had " show notifications " set to not display . doh !
if you use the tablet mount function to mount the sdcard to computer , and copy some files , sometimes it has problem , it need more times , and suggestion refresh in the folder when finish copy , when you fresh you can check the copy successful or not . if you use the sdcard reader to mount to the computer , when finish copy , need safe remove usb to ensure the copy finish .
android devices are very similar to computers , they consist of a bios ( basic input output system ) , an os ( operating system ) and then applications and data . the bios would be stored in eeprom ( electrically erasable programmable read only memory ) , or rather a sub-type called flash memory . ( wikipedia ) when the bios loads the os then it is moved into ram memory . ram memory stores all currently running applications ( including the os ) . ( wikipedia ) the operating system software , and application software are stored in storage ; which is usually an internal sd card , or sd card like storage . ( wikipedia ) you can have additional storage , such as an external sd card . so you would have eeprom ( flash memory ) ram ( system memory ) sd card ( storage )
this app allows you to set duration of vibration vibration notifier makes sure that you don’t miss important email and sms messages this app allows to have settings based on conditions such as in a dock with locale and the dock plug-in condition , your phone can automatically perform actions based on whether it is docked in the car , desk , or undocked . automatically launch an app with the shortcut plug-in when docked at home , enable bluetooth in the car !
tasker can also be used to perform actions based on conditions .
which network are you using ? if it is wifi , can other machines on your network contact it ? if it is carrier data plan . . . is it being blocked ? update : 0.0.0.0 seems like a hosts file block to me . any ad blockers ? adblock plus ? hosts file modifications ? try usb networking - if you post a comment here asking for it i will update the question and put in a tutorial ( it is involved , and i only know how to do it on gnu/linux machines )
i have copied ( and slightly changed ) my answer from a comment i posted on an issue on the google code page for terminal ide , however , it should be the same : if you are rooted , you can install the latest version of busybox ( you may be able to compile it ) . then find out where you updated busybox is and run the following commands : ( i am assuming the new version is in /system/bin and the old version is in ~/system/bin ) PATH=/system/bin:$PATH cd ~/system/bin mv busybox busybox.old ln -s /system/bin/busybox busybox  now domains will be resolved properly . please note : due to the way busybox works , you have to be root to be able to use ping ( although things like wget and nslookup should be able to resolve hosts properly now ) . the busybox developers are working on this issue . i personally used this application to install the latest version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busybox
this is a known design problem when using statically linked libresolv and glibc . you have 2 options : use google android 's native libc bionic library instead of glibc . build busybox to search libraries in /system/lib ( or make the necessary links e.g. /usr/lib -&gt; /system/lib ) . place ld-linux . so . 3 , libc . so . 6 , libresolv . so . 2 , libnss_dns . so . 2 in your /system/lib .
enter your terminal , then type ' su ' and press enter ( note only works if you have a rooted phone ) $ su #  then enter the following ( replace x.x.x. x with your dns servers ip ) # echo 'nameserver x.x.x.x' &gt; /system/etc/resolv.conf # echo 'nameserver x.x.x.x' &gt;&gt; /system/etc/resolv.conf # exit  now test to see if it worked correctly $ nslookup google.com  it should resolve now .
check that your terminal emulator environment has dns set correctly by running getprop net.dns1 and if necessary set it with setprop net.dns1 [yourdns] . the commands may differ by device , some use net.eth0.dns1 or net.gprs.dns1 , run getprop without parameters to see all set properties for hints .
a couple of methods come to mind : you could take a picture of your phone with another camera . you could do a screen capture of you phone screen using built in functionality of the android operating system . the method of doing a screen capture is different depending on which version of operating system you have . on my phone , i press and hold the power + home buttons at the same time and a screenshot is capture and saved to my sd card . some older version of the android operating system did not have the screen capture functionality built in so depending on your version of the operating system , it may or may not be an option for you . i have written a few android apps before . i just checked the android api 's and it looks like i could write an app to retrieve the wallpaper image from your system memory and save it to a sd card if you have an sd card in your phone . the app would just read the image and would not change it . also , do you have an sd card that is working now ? i understand how frustrating it is to lose an important image and would like to help you get it back if i can .
i am not sure exactly how you use the select all feature , but i think an effective way to mitigate your need for this is to go crazy with filters , labels , and the priority inbox . having your gmail account sort your e-mail into highly specific labels for you and carefully tagging everything as either " important " or " not important " will keep the number of e-mails you see at any one time to a reasonable amount most of the time . there are a ton of great tips in this article from lifehacker that i have used both on the web interface and on my gmail app . oh , and submit a feature request to google . ; - )
nope , not as of v2.3.4.1 anyways . i have been through all the settings / actions pretty thoroughly , in various contexts , with no luck .
go to settings > search > searchable items then tick mark all the things you want to be able to search for from the search box . applications like evernote , dropbox , catch , meridian , colordict and many others which are compatible and you have installed should be listed . you can pick and choose whichever options suit you .
the " google search widget " , which is different then the " search widget " will search contacts , apps , web and i think other things if the app " plugs in " to the search framework . i am not sure if it does calendar events though . but according to the screenshot in the market , it will .
after enough frustration with this issue i actually moved to a custom rom . this mainly happens due to rotation as mentioned by colin i used to face this issue when i had the phone in landscape mode , in an app and then locked the phone ! when it came back on there was major juggling and it used to end up this way ! software fix : pray that samsung fixes it ! or get a custom rom ! temporary fix : 1 ) dont lock your phone without exiting an app in landscape mode sorry but this was what i used to do , given s2 is a pretty old phone i highly doubt an official fix for it .
my best guess would be an issue that is causing part of the render process of slide lock to take place in landscape mode . i have no idea why that would happen although i have had some strange screen rotation issues with my nexus 7 and a factory reset did indeed fix it . but since you do not want to turn to that here are some suggestions : -try locking rotation on your phone ( unlocking when needed ) -switch your lock screen to pin or password ( there error could be isolated to the slide password ) . -upgrade to a new version of android using kies ( it should be available ) let me know if any of those work out
factory reset is the only solution . at the very least it will exclude software issues .
updates : i did fastboot all the images and the 4.3 image using adb . no errors but was still stuck at the ' x ' logo after while booting . next i tried to flash the twrp recovery and clockwork recovery image so that i could sideload the image . zip . but was still getting the verification failed error . on closer look at the logs of clockwork i found these : " cant partition non-vfat : datamedia cant format unknown volume : /external_sd cant format unknown voume : /emmc " have i done any damage to the memory ?
you can not install a rom using adb install , just like you can not install a fresh ubuntu system with apt-get . you use fastboot to install new roms , when the device is in fastboot mode . instructions are different for each device , and the rom you downloaded should come with them . regardless , from the symptoms you describe , it does not sound like installing a new rom will help with the problem . before trying anything so drastic , check the boot-loop tag wiki to see some more triage/debugging steps you can try .
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
since your device is pretty new there is almost no way it is actually the battery ( unless it is a defective battery ) . it is probably a rouge application . try turning off your device and turning it back on . you should try to reboot your device at least once a week , it will clean up any memory leaks and will help keep system applications from crashing . if restarting does not help , then let the battery die all of the way ; then , let the device charge all the way before turning it on . if you are still having problems then it is either a system app that is getting hung up on something and hogging cpu , or it is a defective battery . you can check how much battery each application is sucking up by going to : settings --> battery information --> battery use that is where it is on my phone at least , it should be in a similar location for you as well . in the case of a defective battery , as long as you have not tampered with the device at all , it is covered under your warranty with the manufacturer . just bring it back to your mobile carrier store and they should be able to handle it for you with no problems . edit : you can use a task killer to kill a rouge process on android . a rouge process could eat up battery especially if it is doing things like using wifi . i had this one development phone that i would charge , and then it would be in my pocket and it would start burning my leg because it would get so hot . it was a rouge system app that was constantly getting stuck in some sort of network loop whenever i was connected to wifi . i usually just restarted my phone , but i would on occasion just kill it with a task manager . here is ( in my opinion ) the best task killer on the market ( for free ) : memory booster - ram optimizer a restart about once a week will keep your phone functioning correctly . this will also clean up any possible memory leaks as well . you should not use a task killer to end an app that is not hogging cpu , android should take care of all of that stuff for you . friends do not let other friends use task killers .
i called vzw , and they actually told me it was a bad google update pushed to my phone prematurely , and that " google would be fixing it in a couple weeks . " amazing that verizon will not even take responsibilities for their ota updates , but blame it on google .
i hate to say it but if you have tried all those other things i would say the next thing to try would be a factory reset . . .
i had this issue quite a bit after i first loaded gb with an ota update . i did a factory reset a few weeks ago and did not have it happen again until today . i also contacted vzw and the first thing they wanted to blame it one was an app that i must've loaded that was behaving badly . it is all over moto 's support forum and all over vzws . hopefully they will have an incremental update that will fix the issue .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
depending on what network you are on the official ota update may be your easiest answer . when i updated my razr m from ics to jb 4.1 on verizon with the offical jb ota update , none of my data was lost , did not have to reload any apps , or reset options . also when you clear your user data your phone may automatically re-download apps that you previously had . in my case when i cleared my user data to root my phone , it re-downloaded all the apps i had before the clear but unfortunately the options for the apps were reset . you may want to try clearing only your cash first ( will not erase contacts or apps ) and try installing again .
pure calendar widget ( not free ) has an option for how many days ahead to show calendar/task entries for . there is an option for 2 days that would suit your needs perfectly . note that you will need a supported app to sync the tasks from google ( gtasks , astrid , etc . ) see the list of supported task apps here .
for my verizon htc thunderbolt , i opened the people application ( hopefully the same as contacts ) , opened the menu , clicked view ( an eye icon ) , then unselected everything but google . after that , when i click to add a new contact , google is automatically selected .
if you delete a file from your mobile device , the file remains on your online storage . to have the file permanently deleted , you need to delete it from your online dropbox account , accessing it via their website . i have just run this exercise ( to prove the theory ) : take photos ; sync dropbox ; delete photos from my device ; access laptop ; photos were downloaded ; access dropbox website and login to your personal account ; delete photos ; photos were automatically removed from laptop and a notification was presented asking if i wanted to undo the operation .
dropbox does not work the same way on android as it does on dektop platforms : it does not monitor a directory for changes . in fact , you only can download selected files , which will be saved on a cache directory on your android device . the dropbox app would not instantly notice if you delete the file . only if you try do retrieve the file again from the cloud , the dropbox app would search for the file in the local cache directroy first . if it is not here , it will just download the file again . but you can delete a file from the cloud storage by selecting the delete option in the dropbox app . same thing goes for upload : you have to select a file in order to upload it into the cloud .
as said before , dropbox for android works differently than the desktop program . it is just an interface to access your online account , with some special features like caching . for example , you can " favorite " a file for offline access and edit some files directly from the app . but if you want an app that works exactly like the desktop program , you can try dropsync .
if you go to : settings-call-call settings-call forwarding-voice call forwarding -- you will most likely see that for unanswered or unreachable calls it is not disabled because it forwards it to your voicemail , that is why it says conditional call forwarding is active . if you disable all options you will not get the message but then unanswered calls will not go to voicemail
someone may have blocked your calls : (
when wifi is activated , all data is pulled down via the wifi . it is a mutually exclusive/flip-flop mechanism . that is to say , if wifi is off , 3g is used . and yes , regardless of whether one or the other is activated , battery is being used likewise : ) no discernible difference in terms of battery consumption .
terminal emulator absolutely supports scripts* . do not believe the nay-sayers . you will need to learn bash shell scripting , if you are not already familiar with it . write a script and save it on your sd card . run it with " sh filename " from term . if you clarify what it is you want to " script " having to do with ssh , i can likely give you a better recommendation . * ( it is actually the android os that supports bash scripts , terminal emulator just grants you access to the android shell , therefore scripting is inherently possible )
if the simple ssh client is interesting to you , i made under android-ndk bionic library drobpear-ssh-client-only . ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/dropbear-ssh-only . tgz sourse and ftp://ftp . simtreas . ru/pub/my/dropbear/ssh binary
use an ssh plugin for tasker ? do not need root or ssh binary then .
to call ssh from a script , all you need to do is set up ssh keys . there are a million how-tos on the web , but there is a page on the cyanogen wiki that might be more suited to android users . once you set up keys , your general ssh command would look something like this : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip you can put that in a script , run it , and you will be logged in to the remote machine . but here 's what i think you are wanting to do . to only execute a command on a remote computer , just add it in single quotes : ssh -i /path/to/key user@ip ' command ' that executes the command on the remote machine without logging you in . you can run commands with options , pipes , redirects etc , but it is sometimes better to keep them simple . except for the delay , it looks the same as executing the command ( s ) locally and can be used the same . locale execute can be picky about what commands it will run . if it does not work , try putting it in a script and using locale execute to run the script . also , i have had problems with the ssh binary that is on the phone and found that moving it from /system/xbin and creating a link at /system/xbin/ssh to the better terminal emulator ssh binary is more reliable . the btep binary is in /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh
since my original question was about an ssh binary , and there is an answer for that , i will accept that answer . however , there is another way to do what i wanted to do , kinda , that might be interesting to someone some day . tasker + connectbot can be used to execute arbitrary remote ( or local , i guess , but locale execute is better for that ) commands on a schedule . step 1: set up your connection in connectbot . you can have duplicate connections in connectbot as long as they have different aliases . you have to rename one first ( away from user@host ) in order to create the second . long press and select " edit host " to perform these changes . you probably want to set up an ssh key without a password so that you can use this for automation . once the connection actually works , you can use " post-login automation " to add the remote commands you would like to run . make sure there is a blank line at the end so that enter is sent after your last command . use enter or ; to separate commands . i suggest using something like " echo hello " as a test until you are sure things are working , and " exit " at the end if you do not want to leave the connection open . test this in isolation . step 2: create a tasker task to call connectbot . create a new task in tasker . add an action . from misc , select " action intent " the fields are : action : android . intent . action . view cat : default data : ssh url , in the form of " ssh://user@host/#alias " ( without the quotes ) . the alias , user and host here must match the alias you set up in step 1 . target : activity click test . connectbot should open and your commands should execute on the remote host . step 3: use this task in tasker however you would normally .
i know it is an old thread but wanted to +1 the comment about btep i am also using btep 's ssh binary though i just call it from it is path instead of linking it /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh root@192.168.1.1 or generate a pair of keys and use public key authentication /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/bin/ssh -i /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh/id_rsa -l root 192.168.1.1 i use the above command from sl4a r4 in various scripts and it works fine : ) before i could do this i needed to chmod a+x /data/data/com . magicandroidapps . bettertermpro/home/ . ssh once this is done and you backup/restore btep with titaniumbackup the permissions are kept this means if you flash a new rom you can just restore the apps and all your scripts will work again
botbrew is a package manager for android , in the likes of okpg for bsd or more recently , like APT for debian . pretty nice . it does not have an ssh client as a package , but it does not look too hard to put in if you are used to building your own packages . and it could be useful as a toolchain for when you want to build other c/c++/etc binaries and libraries . so albeit this is not a direct answer , it may be useful for some people to know about .
install terminal emulator and quickssh . quickssh also includes dropbear . does not cost you money , which it should not because this is surpassingly simple and it is based on dropbear . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=berserker.android.apps.sshdroid find -name ssh user@host problem solved
andftp can connect over any port you configure so i am sure it could connect over ssh . but i am not sure how easy it is to script usage of it . i use the app myself all the time for my hosting server and it works great . not sure if you can ssh with terminal emulator , but you could try it too . i use that app frequently for doing things i am too lazy to do with adb .
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
i have dropbear starting on system boot . it is light and cheerful and happy . http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.com/2013/06/dropbear-ssh-server-on-android.html
i have successfully used botbrew basil experimental when running android 4.4 . botbrew basil experimental is based on apt-get so after installing apk and bootstraping i just did apt-get install dropbear in a root shell to install ssh client ( and server ) .
the keymap file for cyanogen is in /system/usr/keylayout/qwerty.kl . all you have to do is find a way to change this file ( never forget backup ) . of course that requires your device to be rooted , you could easily do that using root explorer . android loads keymap configurations on boot , so any changes while the system is running need a restart . i am not sure how long press is mapped on this file , my search function does work long pressing the menu . i checked it out , and found these two lines : key 127 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED key 217 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED  check out if these lines matches yours in your file , and if not , change it to a similar way .
with buttonremapper you can remap certain keys , but long press is currently not supported . it might be implemented in the future though , i suggest you follow the topic : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464
the new uhs-i card your phone comes with a microsdhc form factor , and according to scandisk , their cards are compatible : sandisk ultra® microsdxc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb , 32gb , 64gb performance/speed : up to 30mb/s read speed ; write speed lower compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc [ or microsdxc ] supporting host devices sandisk extreme pro® microsdhc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb performance/speed : up to 95 mb/s ( 633x ) read speed ; write speed up to 90 mb/s ( 600x ) compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc supporting host devices since the form factor remains the same , there is no problem here . your device your device , while capable of reading , will be unable to take advantages over this new card speeds . mainly because this technology is new and the os simple was not prepared for it . on a personal note : do not spend your money with this card on that specific phone . you will have no gain from it .
will those cards work with my device ? yes , i believe sdhc uhs-i ( ultra high speed ) cards are backwards compatible and will " work " in an sdhc only device ( that the motorola milestone appears to be ) . do they need any special support from the os ? yes , in order to operate at the advertised higher speeds . " use of uhs requires that the host device command the card to drop from 3.3-volt to 1.8-volt operation and select the 4-bit transfer mode . " wikipedia - secure digital will i benefit from extra speed ? no , it will work like an ordinary sdhc class 10 card .
delete the saved network from the phone , then reboot both the phone and the router and try again . if that does not fix it you will need to test with another network to see if it is a phone issue or not .
if you can access the web interface of the router see if there are any error codes in a log or on the main page after you log in . most likely your radio is bad but the rest of the hardware is still good ( or at least ok : ) ) . this happened to me with an old router too and confused me for a good while before i found the error codes and searched their meaning . in my case it was time for a new router anyway so i just went and bought a new one - so i am not sure if there is anyway to fix it , if it is a bad radio .
i have the same problem with my friends netgear wifi router , but all other wifi networks so far work perfectly , so it could be a compatibility problem with the phone and router . to verify this , i would suggest the steps that matthew read and somehume already mentioned : try other networks and check other devices connected to the troublesome network .
by default the contacts you see on the web are your most used contacts . you have to choose all contacts to see everyone .
is your phone configured to sync contacts with your google account ? to verify this go to settings --> accounts and sync , tab on your account and verify that the sync contacts option is checked . if this option is checked then the contacts are synced to your account but you are probably using a configuration in your gmail web account that only shows you the most used contacts instead of all contacts .
there are no ps2 emulators for android yet , but there is a rumor on pcsx2 possibly being ported to android sometime in the future . as of now , most devices do not have the desired computing power for ps2 emulation , but in the future they most likely will .
if you do not want to use any 3rd-party apps , then you have to learn programming and make your own . in my opinion , the best way to do this is using automateit . its normal features include " set volume " actions and if you register an account , then you could download one pro codec , like the " multiple ( or ) " event that , could also be used when more than one app are opened . all types of volume can be changed when a certain event happens .
you can also try mounting the sd card from recovery mode . select mount usb storage .
easiest way i know , a little late , but if you are stilll wondering . when you plug in your phone to the computer , it comes up under drive h , i believe , and then a secondary drive opens . also on my windows computer it is under drive j , and that there is your sd card .
i do not know why upgrading to ics would make a difference to mounting your ext sd card if you could connect before , but you might want to doublecheck that your ubuntu system 's udev config is correct : doublecheck that the vendor id for your galaxy is 04e8 using sudo lsusb ; you should see a line something like Bus 002 Device 010: ID 04e8:0c02 Samsung Corp using your favourite editor as root edit ( or create ) "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666" make sure the perms are right for the file you just edited : sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules restart the usb subsystem : sudo restart udev connect your galaxy and see if your sd card shows up now
there is no problem with ubuntu , problem is most probably in your phone settings or your phone system . it would be very helpful to know from which source did you get your upgrade , was it official update from your phone provider or something found on the net ? according to your picture you have 12gb of internal storage and 16gb sd card inserted in your phone . numbers you see are the result of conversion of 16.000.000.000 bytes ( which is 16gb as memory or hdd manufacturers think ) into the gigabytes , each containing 1024*1024*1024 = 1073741824 bytes . if you divide the 16.000.000.000 by 1024*1024*1024 you will get your 14.9gb or something . grayed out " mount sd card " under usb storage possibly represents the external usb storage you might insert into the usb port of your phone . there is no reason to click on it , unless you have the external usb storage plugged in . and even then , i am not sure if this is actually supported on sgs2 . missing from your screen grabs , there supposed to be a " menu " option below the " storage " page , usually represented as three dots aligned one above the other . if you click on this " menu " , you will most probably be shown " usb computer connection " submenu or something similar . once you get there , you may change how your phone represents the memory you have to the computer . if you make a screen grab of that screen , i could tell you which option to select . as a side note , it is not a very good idea to remove/insert sd card without unmounting it first . please , next time you remove sd card from your phone , power the phone off or issue " unmount sd card " from the " storage " screen you have shown in the question . if you could not find " usb computer connection " submenu on the storage screen , you may try this approach to make usb mass storage to work on your device : open settings , then click more… ( under wireless and network ) . select usb utilities / set usb cable connection mode . select " connect storage to pc " . connect usb cable from phone to pc . click " turn on usb storage " . also , you might need to turn off " usb debug " before trying this .
i have tried connecting the galaxy note with a sd to my ubuntu installation ( 11.04 ) and it recognizes both . make sure you have usb debugging enabled .
on my samsung galaxy s ii model gt-i9100 , i have to do the following to enable mounting on linux : go to settings &rarr ; storage click the menu button go to " usb computer connection " click anything other than " mass storage " click " mass storage " this brings up the old familiar " usb mass storage " screen with a big friendly " turn on usb storage " button . on arch i also had to install the fuse-exfat package .
the solution was to wipe and reflash the rom . i guess the earlier rom i had was just messed up as far as usb is concerned .
you should not be able to damage your hardware through software . it is obviously not impossible , there are things that control voltages and so on , but in general it is not even worth considering . the note and the sgs ii have different hardware and software ; there is no reason to believe that the difference in bars you see is anything other than normal . if your connection has a problem , you will notice when you try to use it . do not rely on the bars .
same idea as roxan : go to the market ( oops , playstore ) and look for an app named pocket ( formerly known as " readitlater" ) . this allows you to store urls from many apps via the share menu to your free pocket account . as for your pc , there is e.g. a firefox addon available ( for alternative choices , see the pocket website . this is much more convenient than sharing via bluetooth .
first use a browser that can download the current page/html file . then using a file manager of your choice , use the " share " option and it should send the html file .
i believe this is a galaxy s/tab specific issue . i and many others cannot get skype to work on our galaxy s devices , and the tab is very similar .
what is odd is that there seem to be three different skype apps for android , but most people can only see one or the other available . there is skype available in the market and currently at v1.0.0.659 . this lists : skype-to-skype calls over 3g or wifi data plan or wifi connection required ( calling in u . s - wifi only ) then there is skype mobile for verizon , which i think is at v1.5.0.16 . this one says this but does not mention wifi in its description currently : unlimited skype-to-skype calls and instant messaging without using your plan minutes finally the 3 network in the uk have a special version of the skype app where you are never charged for skype calls over their network , get that here ( only works if you are on the 3 network ) . it looks like the market must be doing a check on your country ( or maybe which phone network your device is locked to ? ) to decide which to give you , and so which restrictions to apply to you . it looks like your device is only offering you skype mobile , and not skype . gotta love how the phone companies are desperately trying to keep themselves relevant in the face of customers who really would rather do things another way !
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
the samsung galaxy s series phones have a 6-axis accelerometer , which is not a true gyroscope although a good approximation . hopefully it is actually a true gyroscope in the nexus s . motorola 's next big phone is rumored to have a gyroscope , but who knows . i do not believe any other android phones have a gyroscope , but the iphone 4 does .
most android phones from the original g1 upwards have an accelerometer ( often called the g-sensor in htc phones ) and compass inbuilt which performs the same job . there is very little you had get from a true gyroscope that these do not offer you .
after a little search i have found the following android devices with built in gyroscope : htc sensation samsung google nexus s samsung galaxy s2 samsung galaxy r lg electronics p990 optimus speed can not say anything about whether they have a true gyroscope or not
first , gmail provides push email . . means , you get emails exactly when they arrive ( if you are connected with internet ) . second , gmail does not have dedicated sync module . it makes use of global google services framework and account sync module . you can turn off background data and Auto Sync from Accounts and Sync setting . when these are on , sync is carried randomly . . but it runs when you connect to internet or turn these settings on . to save battery , you can use toggle widgets ( like widgetsoid ) to turn those settings on/off manually . some provides way to force sync , too . to automate it , use tasker app . if your prime goal is to save battery , i would recommend you to use , juice defender . it takes care of all these effectively .
what you can do is use both dropbox and a lan syncing tool like unison . i could not find any lan syncing tool for android but if you mount your device in mass storage mode , running unison purely on your pc should yield acceptable performance . it may also be possible to compile unison on android ( it works on gnu/linux ) , but that would be fairly difficult .
in the latest version of dropbox ( 2.1.1 ) there is an option to have your photos automatically uploaded , " camera upload " in dropbox settings . that has a option which lets you specify whether to upload over cellular data or wait for a wifi connection . other than camera upload , dropbox has not yet enabled syncing for other folders or items between dropbox/pc and a phone .
it is possible that due to it being in your gmail , and your account being set up on the phone , that when you try to delete it , gmail resyncs it to your device . so my advice would be to log into gmail . com and remove the email from there , making sure you remove it from trash as well . then attempt to remove the picture from your gallery .
i am such an idiot . a picture is worth a thousand words : when i bought my device , about a year ago , i turned on the feature " sim change alert - send sms when sim card is changed " . i completely forgot about it later , and it only came back to me today . of course the recipients i defined were my own number and my wife 's . the lead i followed was @roxan 's comment , which raised the suspicion about the mobile tracker app . a google search led me to this forum post that describes this security feature , and when i read it i recalled that i turned it on . despite this incident , i actually still think this is an excellent feature that can really help in case my device will be stolen , but i just have to remember to turn it off before i change the sim card myself . . .
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
at firefox android add-ons , there is a recent add-on that is just what you want : mobile image blocker v1.0 speed up browsing on mobile connections and use less data by blocking all images . working on images defined in html , css and javascript .
opera mini / opera mobile are two recommended options for saving money on data charges : opera 's mobile browsers are the smart choice for browsing on expensive wireless data plans . using opera mini or opera mobile to browse the web with your mobile phone can save you money on your phone bills , by reducing your data usage substantially . opera mini uses only a tenth of the bandwidth of other browsers , compressing webpages by up to 90% . with opera mobile , turning on opera turbo compresses data by up to 80% , or leave opera turbo off to get full website data , as you would on a pc . additionaly , of course , they allow to turn off images via settings . you can download them from http://www.opera.com/mobile/download/ http://m.opera.com
you need to check your sim ( subscriber identification module ) and if necessary get a new one from your service provider - if it is corrupted then you would not be allowed to sign on to the network . a factory reset only wipes the device itself , not the sim .
the problem is when you try to call anyone the error message says “not registered on network“ . i was fascinated this error in my samsung phone , so i was working on this issue and trying to solve this issue . how to fix not registered on network in samsung or android phones
there are such solutions , if your device is rooted . in that case , some anti-theft apps such as cerberus are able to integrate into the system part ( rom ) of the device , so a factory-reset would not help the thief . however : as we are talking about the " clever thief " , he will first grab the device , switch it off , take it into some faraday cage before switching it on again , then boot into recovery/download mode , and flash a new rom . bummer . protection gone . so there is no 100% protection . technically , it might be possible if it is integrated into the hardware itself – but i have never heard that such a thing was done for a consumer smartphone .
abruptly forcing your phone to shut-down ( holding power button until forced shut-down , pulling battery , etc . ) can cause a corrupt sd card on any device if it is currently reading/writing to the sd card . it is known that some samsung devices try to read the sd card during some random times such as when the phone is starting up . also running applications that are saved to the sd card and forcing a shutdown is asking for trouble . i would always recommend shutting the phone down properly whenever possible to minimize these issues .
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
i would say , go for it and try it out and report back here . : ) what the wording ' common ' means is this , common to all devices regardless of platform . its a cm thing in documenting the changes made . if there was a specific device in there it would be highlighted , for example , ' omap common ' refers to those devices that has armv7 media processing embedded on the chip or soc , by texas instruments ( generally found in high end devices )
the Common: Better support for mouse and usb keyboards found at the changelog refers to all devices supported , meaning that there was an overall improvement on the usb support for mouse and keyboard devices . but take into account that the words " better support " means that there was an improvement , but it may still be buggy on certain devices under specific situations . as a side note : to your particular case , you are referring that you have a huawei u8160 , but on the changelog , the support goes for huawei u8150 . so , it may not be fully supported with or device . relevant links : the changelog can be found at : github - cyanogenmod cyanogenmod forums : cyanogenmod 7.2 released ! ( 2012-jun-16 ) wikipedia : list of devices supported by cyanogenmod
you can try because the chipset is the same .
stock download app is unable to detect changes to download folder . it will keep only a list that it is given for download .
in the contacts app , press menu , then there should be some sort of option for display - this lets you change which contacts are displayed . at the minute you are probably just displaying your gmail contacts , but you should see the setting in there to display sim contacts . my advice would be to copy them to gmail , you should find some sort of export/import tool in your contacts app too - just export all contacts from your sim to a file on your phone , then import that file and select your gmail contact book , that means your contacts will always be available
it is not possible to directly upload songs from your device to google music , but there is an alternative way i can suggest you . advice : is kinda a long process for something so simple , but , hey , google 's fault . you need dropbox , dropsync ( free for one folder on the market https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ttxapps.dropsyncfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs50dhhhchbzlmryb3bzew5jil0 . but we do not need the pro key for this , even if it is a great program and i suggest you to use it :p ) and , sadly , a pc with google music manager and dropbox installed . it kinda defeat its purpose this way , but it is the only automatic way to do this , as far as i know . otherwise you had have to manually transfer every song from your phone to your pc . you simply start installing dropbox and getting it to work . when it is all set up , you open dropsync and select the folder with your song inside and a folder on dropbox , which shall contain only your music files . done ? now you fire up your pc and launch google music manager . select the folder you synced with dropsync and check " automatically upload new song " . what happens now ? everytime you download a song in your device , in the folder you selected , dropsync copies it on your pc , which triggers google music manager to upload it to its servers . so yeah , google music should implement a way to do this , definitely , but here 's this workaround ; )
according to some sources , bluetooth dongle support was added in android 4.2.2 , and it requires some effort from the rom developers , so it is not in every android version . you should either ask the manufacturer for a rom that supports bt dongles , or try to find a custom rom like cyanogenmod for your device that has the support . sources : does android 4.2.2 support usb bluetooth dongle ? bluetooth dongle via otg
you may have a bad file , either from a bad source or it just got corrupted . i would try again . follow this tutorial on droidforums .net. it reportedly works fine with frg83d .
you can install the app whatsapp chat heads i am not sure if it runs on nexus 5 , or that it shows chat-heads or just the name of the chat .
yes , a " regular " set of headphones will work just fine , in much the same way that a single-channel earphone works in a stereo headphone jack . the other bits are for the microphone and the controls , but since your headphones will not have those it will not matter . i have had occasion to use 1st generation ipod earbuds as well as some generic earbuds in my galaxy nexus . my daughter uses a pair of headphones i had lying around ( that are probably ten years old ) in her phone when she is at home listening to music . at worst you may find a channel does not work ( no sound in one ear ) but you do not need to worry about shorting out or damaging anything . wikipedia has more information than you could possibly want to know about 3.5mm connectors .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
one open-source remote security app is prey , although i do not think it does remote wipe .
kaspersky security does some remote locking and other things like location .
if the need for an open source app is purely down to your lack of trust in opaque , pre-compiled apps , then there are remote wipe apps that you do not need to keep permanently installed on your phone , but you can just push-install from the market when needed . this way you would only need to have the app installed on the phone for seconds before it is wiped . some options for that are in this previous question is there any way to erase personal information from my phone that has already been stolen ?
without question the security best app that also does remote wiping is cerberus . i reviewed cerberus and a bunch of other security apps some little while ago , and have not seen anything to change my opinion yet . short answer as to why cerberus is better : it is controllable both by sms and by a web dashboard , can be integrated into the kernel so that a reset does not wipe it , and has a boatload of well implemented features . well worth the $5 it costs . @nicolas-raoul asked me to post my thoughts about the open source app prey , so here they are my review : some redditors asked about prey as a phone security app . i just tried it out , and it’s missing most features i would consider important . the most vital was that while you can trigger it via a text message , i didn’t see any way to trigger a “report” from the website . in fact , you have to subscribe to the pro version at us$5 . oo/month in order to be able to request the geolocation whenever you want it as opposed to whenever the prey app runs at some unspecified interval , which pretty much kills the utility of the app as an anti-theft utility . the only features i could find were obtaining the current location ( but no real time tracking , and it doesn’t specify whether it gets the info from gps or by cell tower triangulation so it may not resolve very far ) , getting phone network info , triggering an audio alarm , triggering a message box alert , and locking the phone . while it’s great that it’s open source and that it supports so many mobile computing platforms and so might be good for protecting laptops or tablets , i wouldn’t recommend it as a phone anti-theft device .
ensure you properly dismount the phone storage from your computer , and then have your phone mount it , before disconnecting usb .
probably the best way to test it is to write data to all of it and see if one of the following occurs : the write fails the data/files do not show when you look for them the data cannot be read the data is corrupt you can not flag sectors as bad as far as i am aware , though , due to the fat filesystem of sd cards .
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
yes , most video players will automatically up- or down-scale videos to fit the screen . android os itself , and video player apps , do not have a limit on video size . obviously each device 's hardware is only fast enough to decode so many pixels per second , so there is an upper limit on video resolution , data rate , and frame rate for smooth playback . like any other playback device , if an android device does not have enough pixels on its screen to play 1080p video , it can not be advertised with the " full hd " trademark logo .
i think the problem is the fact that it is a sdhc card . sdhc cards are rather new , and are not supported yet in most devices . so maybe you could try to find a normal sdsc card ( from digital camera , friends , family . . ) to test if it works with that type . the reason why sdhc cards are not yet supported in some devices is because it uses another type of card-specific data ( csd ) register . this results in some compatibility issues with some ( older ) devices . but if you want to know more about this , i recommond to use google . i would think though that a new device like yours ( because it has android 4.0 ) would support this already . . i have not heard of the brand before , so i do not really know the quality of their devices . edit : the device should support sdhc cards up to 32gb according to the specs , so that can not be the problem . i suggest contacting the support then , maybe they can tell you what is wrong and what you can try . .
download the latest cwm recovery available for your phone from here , put it in the root of your sd card , reboot into recovery ( power off and press and hold some key combo , that depends on your phone ; google for instructions ) and flash it . you can also try twrp , another popular custom recovery . let me know if you need any clarification !
based on this document : and this is basically how other push notification services work as well . . . the application requests a token for the device c2dm responds with the registration token for the specific device the application sends the token to your server on the web . your service can now communicate with c2dm ( after authenticating ) , and using the registered device tokens , c2dm will send the messages to the devices . on the c2dm side , the token is associated with a specific device . when you send a push notification through c2dm , the google servers send that info to the device . c2dm libraries on the device " listen for them " and pass them on to the intents as needed .
android provides system-wide intents for such type of app triggering . for c2dm , there is a whole class of intents looks like com . google . android . c2dm . * . to use these intents , you will need to add broadcast receivers in your app and register it with system . to make it really work , you will need remote push service too . your software on server must be capable of messaging to google 's c2dm server using http/https . now , whenever a push protocol based communication from c2dm server is established , android system triggers app based on intents registered at the time of app installation . . . update : more clearly , when your application push server pushes message to google 's c2dm server , google checks token attached with message . mind it , this token was generated by com . google . android . c2dm . intent . register if user had logged in with google account . so , using this token , google comes to know exact delivery location . then , google makes use of google services framework to push message in raw key-value pair format . . . polling or not ? no . it utilities same email push type technology in which connection between server and client is kept open . so , no need to run polling service . .
this feature is known as double-tap zoom . in the stock browser , it can not be disabled , but it can be adjusted in Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Zoom on double-tap . according to this answer , dolphin browser hd supports disabling it .
unmounting an sd card is comparable to the " safely remove device " feature of windows , which should be used when removing usb drives etc . if you remove the device without notifying the os that the connection is going to be lost , some data may not be written to the device , and corruption and data loss can occur . this is because the os uses buffers to store the data before transferring it to the device itself . even though the operation appears to be complete , there still may be some data left in the buffer and waiting to be written to the device . unmounting/safely removing the device forces there buffers to be written to the device before removal , thus preventing corruption . i would recommend either getting used to going through the menus to unmount the sd , or if your device supports , using a widget like eject sd for easier access . powering off the device works too , but as you mentioned , it is a bit slower .
found the following on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=793102page=3 it is working now . after setting up ics type in console emulator on your phone :
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
provided you have blue bars for your wireless and/or wifi connections and have logged into gtalk you should always be connected . you have to sign out of gtalk or lose connection with the google servers ( gray signal bars ) in order to be offline . short story : as long as you signed in and have a data connection you are online for gtalk . if that does not give you a warm fuzzy feeling then use a third party app like trillian and use it for gtalk . trillian might be able give you a notification icon .
several , i am sure . there is the simple airplane mode widget for one . then there is the way more complicated , but way more powerful tasker for another ( since it is capable of creating widgets to execute any of the tasks you define ) . oh , wait , the title said widget , but the question says status bar . on my s3 ( also on 4.1.1 ) , i can pull down the notifications , slide the power switches to the left a little bit , and there is the switch for airplane mode . does that work on yours ? if you have not got the airplane mode switch in your status bar , then the easiest solution would probably be swipepad with a shortcut ( not widget ) to toggle airplane mode . this is the combination i use to turn on my led flashlight ( with teslaled ) . the reason you want a shortcut instead of a widget is because it saves you steps . if airplane mode switch does indeed use a shortcut instead of a widget , then you are golden without having spent a dime . if it does not , then you can still buy the widgetpad add on for swipepad and use a widget , or buy tasker and use it to create a shortcut which toggles airplane mode .
one of the features of battery widget reborn ' s notification is buttons to toggle wifi , bluetooth , sync , mobile data , and airplane mode . i got it for the battery usage analysis , but this extra feature is a really nice touch . now i only need pull down my notification shade to access these important toggles . ( although , yes , with the new settings panel in jelly bean i do not really need it . it is a couple less taps . )
refer to brandorf , " screen candy " is now officially named as " daydream " . when daydream is on , your tablet displays photos , colors , and more while it is charging or docked . [ set up daydream ] : http://support.google.com/nexus/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=2818748 caution : only for android 4.2 and higher .
ics ( android 4.0 ) includes the capability for " screen candy " that is special screens or animations that only present themselves when the phone is idle and plugged in or docked . by default , this is a hidden ( disabled in most stock roms , i would wager ) feature called " android dreams " but enabled in most custom roms ( such as aokp or codename android ) . http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/11/30/another-ics-easter-egg-weird-star-wars-like-light-speed-launcher-found-hidden-in-the-depths-of-ice-cream-sandwich/
i want to run a screen saver when phone is in sleep mode . when the phone is in sleep mode , the screen is off . when we stay idle some time a black screen comes . this is built into android . at that time i want to display some images as screen saver . i repeat , when the phone is in sleep mode , the screen is off . is this possible ? you cannot have the screen on and the device in sleep mode .
look at your battery usage charts and you will probably find that your display uses more of your battery than all other types of consumption by your phone combined . is this just for aesthetic purposes ? i think this would get annoying pretty fast unless you only keep your phone tethered , in which case , get a desktop : )
a screen saver is meant to prevent image burn in on your monitors for when you leave the screen on for too long . since android phones automatically turn screens off after a certain ( set ) duration of non-use , then there is no need for a screen saver . ( tangent : there really is not a need for screen saver on desktop monitors either , it is better power conservation wise to just let them automatically turn off after x period of time of non-use . ) but here is where live wallpapers come in play . they give you something like a screen saver ( oh ! pretty animations/graphics ! ) , but they are only in use when you are staring at your phone 's home screen . they still consume more battery than a static wallpaper , but some people prefer their phone to " look cool " than to save power . : )
the whatsapp faq has instructions that should help you : to delete a single message from a conversation open whatsapp and go to the chat window with the message you want to delete . highlight the message . press the ' del ' key on your keyboard . to delete an individual or group chat in the chats screen , highlight the chat you wish to delete . press the button and select delete chat or delete and exit group . to delete your entire chat history and remove yourself from all groups go to whatsapp > settings . scroll to the bottom and select advanced settings . press the button and select delete chat history . note : using delete chat history will delete all chats from the chats screen , as well as remove yourself from all groups . to delete all messages in a conversation without closing the chat window or leaving the group open the chat . press the button and select clear conversation . to clear all chat history , but continue to participate in groups go to whatsapp > settings . scroll to the bottom and select advanced settings . press the button and select clear all chats . note : using clear all chats will not remove you from any groups .
maybe the metainformation about the file is incorrect , try to copy to a pc and check it ( right-click -> properties )
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
check the app drawer again -- it is listed ( alphabetically ) under " voice " , not " google voice " .
i was struggling with the same issue for a while . finally , found a way out to track traffic coming from the emulator . you can start the emulator using : emulator -avd &lt;emuName&gt; -http-proxy http://&lt;SYSTEM_IP&gt;:&lt;PORT&gt; where emuname should be replaced with your emulator instance 's name ; system_ip should be replaced with your system 's ip address and port should be the port where the interceptor is running . you can take a look at this : http://stick2code.blogspot.in/2014/04/intercept-http-requests-sent-from-app.html . hope it helps !
pa-gapps has packaged the necessary support files , which are flashable as a zip . you can use just the google camera module . hdr support files from the nexus 5 factory image have been added to all gapps packages . this may help users who prefer to install google camera from the play store [ stock/full/mini/micro ]
it depends on your needs : do you want to conserve battery ? then underclock the cpu do you want better performance ? then overclock the cpu typically there are different kernels that you can flash for your device . different kernels offer different clockspeeds . some of them will also under volt your phone to consume less power . the disadvantage of undervolting is that the phone may not be able to run faster clockspeeds . additionally , your phone may not overclock to the same speed as another phone due to one processor being physically different than another processor ( no two processors are made 100% exactly alike . when overclocking you are stepping beyond the bounds and specifications that your phone was designed to run at ) . what will happen is your phone will enter a boot loop if it is unable to run the kernel at a specific speed ( you will have to flash a new kernel or revert to a previous nandroid backup ) . i do not know of specific kernels for the g1 , but for example there is a set of kernels by chevyno1 for the droid1 . the general steps are : run a nandroid backup choose a voltage : ultra low , low , or normal start with the kernel with the lowest overclocked speed flash that kernel . use setcpu to set the clock speed to the max . if the phone remains stable , then choose the next kernel with the same voltage with a slightly faster clockspeed and try to run it at its max speed . if the phone does not remain stable , then revert to your last nandroid backup or the last kernel that ran stable on your phone
i on battery mine is unstable at 633 mhz on froyo by laszlo kernel , but on charger it works . using 595 is stable , you can set it in performance settings , you do not need app with this kernel . i set minimal on min 122 . as i know this msm7201a has 2 cpus , not changing frequency , but rather switch between cores . ( found this information on wikipedia ) i have this old telephone and found it a bit hard to operate sometimes , but its still powerful enough to run most applications needed , and with those applications on sd ext i can perform almost anything , but the battery life is a bit small . but lets say its first android telephone ( 2008 ) , full qwerty and lot of fun making it operate .
the fast web install feature relies on background data being enabled . if you turn this off , ( settings > account and sync > background data ) any apps you select in the market website will not be downloaded to your phone . when you switch background data back on , anything you ( or your nefarious account accessor ) have queued will be downloaded .
in the preference for the appbrain application there are settings to enable and disable fast web install . menu > preferences > disable fast web install .
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
like most sms , contacts , or dialer apps , the contact photos either come from : facebook google other apps manually set by user ( owner of phone ) in the last case , only you can see it . it is not possible to share / broadcast this image since it is your photo that you added to your own local contact . for facebook contacts or google contacts , the photos come from the profile picture of your social media account . this is what is visible to other users , only if they have shown facebook / google contacts , instead of just phone contacts . otherwise , they still will not see your photo .
i have an at and t galaxy siii . i use betterbatterystats when i have battery issues . lately i have been having problems with the calendar sync service keeping the phone awake . i cleared its data and resynced from scratch , and that helped , but a few hours ago i created a new calendar , and now it is going bonkers again . anyway , the best i have been able to get is about 3% per hour when not being actively used . i might have seen 2.5% one time , but that was a few months ago . typically though , especially with this calendar sync problem , i see 4.5% per hour or worse . so if your question is , " how long should the battery last ? " my best answer from my experience is about 24-28 hours , considering an average 3% per hour drain while idle , and light usage . if you make a few long phone calls , that will , of course , drain it much faster . but any apps that go haywire and cause excess wakelocks will wreck it quick . i love the freedom of android compared to ios , but i really want more control over apps background behavior . android 4.3 may provide this , but who knows if the siii will ever get it .
in my understanding since there is no " rotating disk " but only solid memory like internal rom and sd card , access time to every single location in the storage is the same regardless the actual position of the data you want to load so defragmentation is unnecessary .
defragging a normal windows machine with a normal " spinning disk " hard disk drive rarely produces a noticeable speed improvement , certainly nothing like a lot of the 3rd party companies advertise , and even in edge cases where people are regularly creating and deleting extremely large ( yet irregularly sized ) files , you will rarely notice any improvement from running it any more often than every 6 months or so . it is more of a psychological placebo benefit in most cases . superuser:does defragmenting really help ? phones do not have spinning hard disks , they use a variety of flash memory , this has massively faster random read speeds than a disk that needs to rotate until the right piece of data is under the read head . also the controller circuitry in flash memory arranges the data itself as the data is written , allowing it to " write-level " across all of the flash disk and avoid problem parts of memory . see these superuser questions on that topic for more info do i need to run defrag on an ssd ? , is it bad to defragment a usb flash drive ? in addition from honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) onwards , the android os by default does not give an attached pc full access to the internal file-system , instead of mounting as a usb drive it uses mtp to control how the pc can access the memory , and only the sd card is allowed to be mounted as a normal usb drive . as far as i am aware there is no way for a pc to get enough access to the file-system to do a defrag over mtp . tl ; dr the way that flash memory works means that a defrag actually does almost nothing , and may have a slight side-effect of slightly reducing the life-span of your phone 's storage .
just got the same issue today . reboot the phone once more , and you should be able to re-add the widgets back manually . unfortunately there seems to be no other way to do this . some widgets ( bookmarks for example ) were not even available for adding without additional phone reboot .
create an animation script ( text ) file as desc.txt with the following content : 240 320 24 p 1 0 part0  explanation : in first line 240 320 24 , 240 320 is the device 's resolution and 24 is the frames per second . higher the number , faster the animation . in second line p 1 0 part0 , p is a code to tell it to look at new commands , 1 is the number of times the boot animation will play ( 0 means infinite ) , 0 is a code to tell it to pause . 0 means no pause , 10 means pause for 10 seconds - repeating or moving on to next line . part0 is the foler in which your animation images are contained . could you please check whether fourth parameter is 0 ? if not set it to 0 for infinite loop .
i was able to figure this out after troubleshooting . i partitioned out my hdd and installed ubuntu 13.04 . once completed i installed android tools via terminal sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb i recreated the entire boot animation using gimp and 7zip and pushed it back to the device adb push /system/media/bootanimation.zip . it worked . for what ever reason creating it in windows was not working .
the android builtin wifi tethering is designed to use 192.168.43.1/24 as the server , with netd handling the tethering , using dnsmasq . first dns range is 192.168.42.1-254 and and 2nd dns range is 192.168.43.1-254 . netd is not easy to change . it requires a socket to communicate with it , and that socket is taken when android starts tethering . but going through the source files for tethering . java ( i used froyo ) we see : and later on we see those ranges used , as backups . the main source for the dhcp ranges is not the hardcoded 42 and 43 , but read from array . config_tether_dhcp_range , an internal string array . but it is currently empty . you could edit the android framework . on my phone , it is /system/framework/framework-res . apk . there are a ton of tutorials online for editing framework-res . apk , from simple strings to full theming . find one for your phone and android version . main thing you want to change is the /res/values/arrays . xml look for &lt;array name="config_tether_dhcp_range" /&gt; change to : compile/zip/sign as needed ( follow a tutorial ) , then reinstall . if you want more than one range , just copy the two items over and over . you always need to provide a start and a stop for each range . try to keep it in the same /24 , ie 192.168.50.5 and 192.168.50.99 or whatever . you can confirm it is working with busybox ps | grep dnsmasq or if you do not have busybox ps dnsmasq then use the pid in cat /proc/pid/cmdline . you should get ( or similar ) : /system/bin/dnsmasq --no-daemon --no-poll -no-resolv --dhcp-range=192.168.50.5,192.168.50.99,1h fwiw , my wifi tethering uses the default dnsmasq ranges , yet my computer was assigned 192.168.43.147/24 and gateway 192.168.43.1/24 . not sure why yours defaulted to a 42 . x address .
/etc/hosts is in this context is really only good for blacklisting . for whitelisting , you had be best off using a proxy server and then setting your device to use it in your device 's network settings . you can subscribe to an existing proxy server service , or set up your own at home . that should be enough info to get you googling to the answers you need . i have added a little more detail to this answer on your original thread . fyi , using a proxy server does not require rooting .
the hosts file acts sort of like a local dns , it will check the hosts file for the domain and see if there is an assigned ip address in it . if there is , that is the ip address used for the domain . you can not set a white list , but you could do more of a black list . the file looks something like this : somebaddomain . com 127.0.0.1 someotherdomain . com 127.0.0.1 this would make any request to either of those domains resolve to localhost . if the domain is not in the file , it will then hit the external dns to attempt to get the ip address . there is a catch to this , you will need root to modify the hosts file .
/etc/hosts does not allow wildcards ( see here : http://serverfault.com/questions/118378/in-my-etc-hosts-file-on-linux-osx-how-do-i-do-a-wildcard-subdomain ) . two more links about /etc/hosts : howto configure your hosts file : http://www.linuxhomenetworking.com/wiki/index.php/quick_howto_: ch03 :_linux_networking#configuring_your_ . 2fetc . 2fhosts_file large example file with nice intro header : http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/ small android app that allows you to add an entry to the hosts file ( requires root ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pof.add2hosts
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
you just got case of failed update . try to have look at this article and see if you can get it sorted
if you use easytether , you can always have it enabled on your device and simply right click the icon in the tray ( windows ) or enable it via terminal ( linux ) and be on your way . not quite ' default ' but one click is pretty good . and easytether uses nothing when you are not attached to a computer , so no wasted battery or processing . it does display a notification icon to be persistent ( not be killed ) , but you might be able to turn it off . as far as it knowing , you have to have the client installed , so any computer you hook it to that did not both have the client and have you enable it computer-side would do nothing . hope that helps !
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
summing up from the comments : first you need to understand that updating apps works different on android than it does on a " normal " linux distro : there is no such thing as " apt " . though android has its own package manager ( listening to the pm command ) , installs/updates are usually dealt with by services/apps like google-play-store or other alternative-markets . pm would rather be comparable with dpkg on debian-based systems : it can do local installs ( i.e. . with the .apk file already present on the device itself : pm install would be the command for that ) , and a lot of other things . apart from that : a terminal app can be compared with a terminal on linux allright . you get a text-mode " window " where you can execute commands . most are even similar to those available on linux , as android is linux based : you have things like cd , ls , grep , and more . for details on this , you might wish to take a look at e.g. ten basic android terminal commands you should know ( androidcentral ) using the terminal ( xda ) android terminal commands ( xda ) android shell command reference ( github ) our command-line tag-wiki a look into our terminal tag-wiki will not hurt either : ) i would say all terminal apps available for android should support the above . some even offer additional features , such as an entire development environment ( terminal ide ) , or access to remote servers ( juicessh ) .
i managed to find the answer , although i do not really understand why or how . if anyone can add on to why working directory matters , i will greatly appreciate it . in my c program , i have to do a chdir ( ) to /data/misc/wifi , then do the execvp ( ) . where wpaparmlist is the args to wpa_supplicant . thanks for your help ce4 !
you cannot simply edit the hosts file on android , as it resides on a read-only file system : /system/etc/hosts , see : how to edit etc/hosts file how to change the hosts file on android alternatives are : use a dns server like dnsmasq in your local network to take care for that " centrally " use " root powers " to force-edit the system file as described above install a " local dns server " on your android device to use that , e.g. dns server
there might be several approaches you could try . no guarantees whatsoever , and i did not try any of those . still mentioning them , so you can investigate for yourself . note further that these solutions will require root access on your device . first , there is an app called switchme , which already was available before the multi-user feature was released with android 4.2 . switchme works with android 2.1 and higher . second , our friends at xda have a thread on porting multi users jb to ics ( but it seems that approach died before producing a workable solution ) .
you probably will not be able to access much of your internal storage via the web browser . the url you mentioned , file:///sdcard/ , consists of two parts : the protocol ( file:// ) , and the path ( /sdcard/ ) . so basically , you just have to change the path accordingly . you can check with a file manager what the path to the desired destination is .
you probably need download and install lg tools and drivers from lg web site . and follow the software instructions . also this is the site for ireland http://www.lg.com/ie/android/index.jsp , mentioning upgrade of gt540 to android 2.1 eclair . you may also check these two references : - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1032744 - http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=803695 i learned a lot from xda forums and beware most of things in xda are on your responsibility , meaning yes , there is a chance you can brick your phone .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
one alternative is " multi-user app share " , which is available from the play store . you can share an installed app with other users . data from the app will not be shared . shared paid apps will most likely not be validated when used , provided your tablet has a network connection . you will need root to be able to do this .
kitkat does indeed allow having multiple accounts use the play store in a single profile . first , create a new " shared " google account . then add this account to each of the kids ' profiles on their tablets . when adding this account to the device profiles , do not sync any of the email , calendar and other google services for the account . from the goole play store home page , you can select which account you had like to use to purchase apps . to prevent unintended purchases , make sure to adjust the settings so that a password is required for every purchase . select the shared account and purchase an app . then , on a second device , select the same shared account and download apps that were purchased on the first device . while there a little extra initial setup , this has been a great solution for sharing paid apps between the kids ' devices .
you can always perform a speed test and check for packet loss ( speedtest .net, pingtest ) alternatively , you can try calling the skype voice testing service which should be in your contacts from before , and if it isnt there the username is echo123 i belive .
bluetooth tethering is a native function supported by android . you do not need third party apps . to tether your internet via bluetooth on your galaxy s4: go to home settings ► connections ► more networks ► tethering and portable hotspot ► and check bluetooth tethering . as explained in this answer , you can tether two mobile devices easily by pairing the devices and enabling data on the first device .
there is a possible quick solution , depending on the phone in consideration : go to settings-> sound-> music effects and depending on the phone , you may by default have an app that controls the music effects within which you should easily find your desired setting . but if your phone is rooted , a more reliable solution would be to install the music effects app/driver : viper ( basically a 3rd party audio driver for android ) which can be turned on or off at will . the app , in addition to being able to fix an unbalanced stereo has a powerful and wide spectrum of amazing sound enhancement options which is a must have whether you have an unbalanced stereo or not ! in fact i can not enjoy music with it turned off anymore : ( - - - - ; )
system > accessibility > hearing i am using lg g2
i am assuming that you can not factory reset it via the os , so the best thing you can do is to boot into recovery mode . this is of course as long as you can see the options on the screen . so once in recovery mode , you can select the option to factory reset the entire phone , apart from your sd card that is . entering recovery mode restart your phone . when your phone 's notification led is pink , or any other colour , press the volume up or volume down button a couple of times . you should now be looking at the recovery mode screen . once you are in recovery mode , it should be pretty easy for you to navigate up or down , using the volume buttons . select a preferred option by pressing the power button . just look for the option to reset your phone . sources : www.theandroidsoul.com
the simple way to factory reset for unrooted phone is to perform a factory reset via pc companion . download pc companion and install open up pc companion and click on support zone ( do not connect your phone yet ) click on the phone software update it will says could not find phone because you havent connect it yet ! so , dont connect it and click on the repair phone like this picture . follow onscreen instruction .
if your device have hardware buttons like menu , home , back buttons , you can get those options by clicking menu button . those 3 dots denotes menu options for an app . actually its useful for devices with capacitive ( software ) buttons . currently i am not sure about your device , and i can not find any device named galaxy grade . i you meant galaxy grand it have hardware buttons and you can use menu button as mentioned earlier .
edit : to only sync the calendar you first have to switch off everything else : go to settings -> accounts -> your google account and un-check all the sync targets you do not want ( chrome , gmail , drive , contacts , . . . ) /edit then you can take care of when to have it sync . generally , this is left to 3rd party apps . you can always pick your favourite 3rd-party app to get that feature , and there is a ton of it . some samples : juicedefender ( free/plus/ultimate/beta , you will probably have to buy ultimate for the feature you want ) tasker llama ( not sure if it supports your use case ) or just search google play for ' profile sync schedule ' ( or similar ) the latter two examples are somewhat complicated to set up but are very powerful . i would try juicedefender .
too complicated . there are lots of automation apps available on the market which you could use to toggle this stuff depending on the connection available . my favorite again here : tasker . you could create a profile , and call it e.g. " autosync": condition : state-> wifi : wifi connected task : auto-sync : turn on exit : auto-sync : turn off once set up , you can forget about it -- tasker takes care for it automatically . afterword : though tasker is my favorite , it might not be the easiest solution for everybody . takes some time to get used to it , costs some 5 euro -- but is really worth both : no other tool gives you so many possibilities and flexibility . if that is too heavy for you , there are some alternatives available : check the playstore e.g. for llama , and also watch out for the " other users also installed . . . " part of the pages . oh : if you insist on an optional widget for your homescreen ( that is what the " desktop " is usually called here ) , tasker allows you to create them for its tasks as well . . .
for mtk devices you should use sp flash tool please find a complete tutorial here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1982587 propably this will save you from the currently situation . i am not responsible for anything may happen .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
you can organize your contacts by syncronizing all of them into your google account . once you do that you can organize them throught the gmail page . below of google logo there is a menu were you can choose contacts there you can organize them in an easy way
this battery university article has a summary that states the following •a portable device should be turned off while charging . this allows the battery to reach the threshold voltage unhindered and reflects the correct saturation current responsible to terminate the charge . a parasitic load confuses the charger . •charge at a moderate temperature . do not charge below freezing . •lithium-ion does not need to be fully charged ; a partial charge is better . •chargers use different methods for “ready” indication . the light signal may not always indicate a full charge . •discontinue using charger and/or battery if the battery gets excessively warm . •before prolonged storage , apply some charge to bring the pack to about half charge . •over-discharged batteries can be “boosted” to life again . discard pack if the voltage does not rise to a normal level within a minute while on boost . i would also add that heat is the single worst enemy of any battery . keeping it cooler is always better . not cold , just cooler . any usage will cause heat , and do not worry about that , leaving it plugged in can generate a lot of heat at times .
this is probably because of the new encryption for paid apps in jelly bean . apks are stored in /data/app-asec instead of /data/app . the only solution is to first backup and restore the app with titanium backup in order to decrypt it and then move it to sd .
keyword news seems to do exactly what you want , although it looks like a fairly basic model of this design . you could also use google reader which has a keyword entry on the left side of their page , that also has their very own app .
why not try other apps like solid explorer , es file explorer or explorer ? they have options to show hidden files .
you should try astro file manager . you can not find your hidden folders or files ? astro fm is very robust and due to user requests , astro added the ability to override " global settings " with " directory specific settings " . first , go to look and feel under preferences ( menu , more , preferences , look and feel ) . click on show hidden files . if this does not work , it is because the directory that you have created some directory specific settings on the directory you are in . you can either : a ) go back to look and feel and click reset directories which will wipe out any directory specific settings , or b ) go to the directory your hidden files are in ( probably your sd card directory ) and click view , set directory options , and click show hidden files in that directory . taken from here
first , you should be aware of the difference between " hidden folders " and " inaccessible folders": hidden folders : names start with a dot , e.g. /sdcard/.android_secure . these files you can see enabling the " hidden files " option in file explorers . inaccessible folders : folders you will not see due to lacking permissions , e.g. those in /data . to protect your apps ' data , those folders belong to the corresponding application , and are only accessible by the app ( in the context of file-permissions ; please see the tag 's wiki for closer information on those ) . to make those visible , you need root access on your device , and a file explorer supporting that ( e . g . es file explorer ) so while you were asking for the former ( "hidden folders" ) , you were really referring to the latter : data/com.android.lmt/ belongs to the lmt launcher .
an easier alternative would be to use emoji switcher ( requires root ) .
needs root access : you can change the AndroidEmoji.ttf font that can be found in /system/fonts/ . xda has a copy of different emoji fonts you can use .
system application are odexed , which means the code part it extracted and kept separate and also some crucial parts of the application are kept in framework . jar . if you want to copy your freshly-compiled application to your phone , you have to deodex it first , which restores the missing parts and only then you may replace /system/settings . apk with your new file . and , please , make sure you delete old /system/settings . odex file , otherwise it will not work . as usually , it is recommended to save old settings . apk/odex files just in case when something goes wrong .
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
did you try to add it from the email app itself ? go into the app and and select the " manual setup " option , and then you will be able to add a pop3 , imap , or exchange account .
k9 mail may have an option to connect to your account . see https://github.com/k9mail/k-9/wiki/k9mailandexchange
each app gets a storage directoy assigned in /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; 1 , so in your case that would be /data/data/com.soh . however , without root privileges , you cannot directly access that directory . a possible work-around ( for non-rooted devices ) would be to create an " adb backup " of the app ( see our adb tag-wiki for details ) , and then " disassemble " that 2 . you should then find databases ( sqlite ) as well as " shared_prefs " ( xml files ) with additional information . 1 see also : where in the file system are applications installed ? 2 see : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? , is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ?
if you have already downloaded the zip file then you need to flash it via recovery mode using a custom recovery . you usually get to this by holding power+ down on htc devices . custom recoveries like twrp can also reinstall root if it is lost during the update process .
technically , you do not need root if you have an unlocked bootloader . even if it is locked , you do not need root , you just need an exploit to change the recovery to install cm9/cm10 . usually , the first thing that people do when an exploit is identified is " root " the device but flashing a different recovery and flashing a different rom is also possible . root happens first because there are little or no modifications that have to be made except put the su binaries on the device . the galaxy devices , from my experience is actually pretty easy to " restore to stock " if you so choose . it does require a little research to find the stock rom files and the use of odin ( or hemidall ) . once you have the stock files that can be used with odin , it is rather simple to restore to " stock " with cm9 and later , you do not have to have root enabled . on top of that , you can change that when ever you want . you can also specify if you only want to allow apps to have root access , only adb , or both .
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
i have had this issue for a couple of months now with the whole mtp connection when i have not plugged it in . turns out i just needed to clean the usb port on my s2 . it had its little fit of unplugged/plugged in while i was cleaning and stopped once cleaned .
i had this problem recently and found out that i just have to clean my usb port .
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
i am experiencing the same exact issues here with an at and t galaxy s2 bought oct 26 at best buy . i did root and have tried various roms along with returning to bone stock with no help . i have called at and t for replacement but i have found 2 possible solutions in my research on the internet : i saw a random post somewhere about a user who tried cm7 ( cyanogen mod 7 ) rom and for whatever reason . it has rendered my phone very usable with none of the above issues for a few days now . for curiosity , i switched back to another rom i had used before , and the problems came back immediately . needless to say , i am not sure why cm7 did any good . i also came across a post suggesting to use a small paintbrush and rubbing alcohol to swab out the usb port area . several users reported success from this . i have not tried this yet but plan to .
do not touch the screen . instead , use the tab and the arrow keys on the bluetooth keyboard to navigate . this way , the pop-up keyboard will never come up . it is a challenge . there are a lot of shortcuts and tricks to learn , but it is more convenient once you get the hang of it . i guess the simplest answer would be to get a bluetooth mouse as well . use that to select things instead of touching the screen .
there is a way but not an easy way . you can use keyboards like null keyboard . a keyboard that does nothing . yes , really . this keyboard is useful if you have an external bluetooth keyboard paired with your phone and you want to stop the on-screen keyboard from popping up all the time . the problem is every time you change mode you have to change the input method .
in settings , go to developer options and un-check the show cpu usage :
while i do not have the nexus s , so can not say for sure , but my guess is that you have accidentally made internet calling the default action for dialing a number . go to settings> applications> manage applications and clear defaults on the internet calling application , not the dialer .
i had voice changer installed and the second i uninstalled that it worked . also go to settings -> call and go to the bottom and hit " only for internet calls " .
go to settings > > applications > > manage applications > > all > > dialer . under " launch by default " press the " clear defaults " button .
i have had the same problem . try this : go to settings ; call ; use internet calling ; and select the middle option : only for internet calls . i have not encountered the problem since i did this . good luck !
do you have an app called " voice changer " installed ? i have read that it can cause this . also if you have google voice installed , do you have it set to " never dial with google voice " ? if those are not the cause , do you have any other " phone linking " apps or " sip dialers " etc , remove them and see if your issue stops .
doing a full Clear Data on the default browser ( " internet " on the incredible ) worked for me . just make sure you have your other bookmarks backed up ( for example , using an app such as backup bookmarks could be used to back them up to sd ) . the steps should look something like this : settings > applications > manage applications > all > internet > clear data edit : as mentioned in the comment below , bookmarks manager allows users to delete the default browser favorites/bookmarks . note that the crossed-out portion of this answer would erase things such as history , entered text , etc . however , apparently not the default bookmarks .
how do you"minimize " ? pressing the back key is almost akin to quitting . however , pressing the home key usually allows you to multi-task and allows the currently running app to carry on in the background . try pressing the home key to see if the audio continues so you can then switch to whichever app you like . you can try the meridian player - it allows navigation via specified folders and the freeware version should work fine for you . multi-tasking / background playback is definitely part of the feature-set .
just saw this : music folder player
never do that . perhaps it helps to increase your speed but it consumes much more power . if performance in cpu increases , undoubtedly , the power usage will increase dramatically . try to keep your factory rom and looking for some good free app in the market for increasing the speed .
in theory , your phone should perform considerably faster with cyanogenmod 11 , because kitkat was designed with entry/mid-level phones in mind ; requiring only 512 mb of ram to run . ( see this page about project svelte for more information . ) cyanogenmod also adds a whole slew of features like heads up notifications and privacy guard on top of the aosp code , so your phone will not only be fast but also be very useful . keep in mind , however , that cyanogenmod ( along with others such as pa and omnirom ) are third-party roms , and therefore lack the various " enhancements " that the manufacturer has made in the stock rom ; so do not be surprised if you see that the camera does not perform as well , the battery drains faster than usual , etc .
this issue is fixed as of gmail 2.3.5.2 .
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
from my experience , i think es 's default app associations are separate from the operating system 's . to clear es 's file associations ( assuming you are using the latest version ) , from es file explorer go to settings > cleanup setting > clear defaults . the next time you try to open a file es file explorer should now ask which application you want to open the file with .
you might want to take a look at the default app manager . from the app 's description : default app manager is a simple yet very functional app to manage ( set defaults , clear/reset defaults ) default applications for different types of actions that android does . unlike other applications that allow you to manage defaults for only one-two types of categories , this app allows to you to manage for almost all the common actions . the description sounds quite promising . but not having tried the app myself , i cannot give any guarantee it will solve your special issue ; )
check the device administration guide . camera can be disabled from android 4.0 onwards . http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/admin/device-admin.html
if you have an sd card in your phone try , removing it first and try again . if it works , then good .
i do not actually know for sure , but you can certainly test it out . you can turn on usb debugging , which will let you mount your phone as any other external drive , or you can get a micro-sd adaptor if you have an sd slot already . it should just work .
yes , i did that myself , like this : power the phone off and remove the old sd card mount the old sd on a pc , copy its entire contents somewhere on your hard disk mount the new sd card on a pc , format it as fat or fat32 ( make sure it is the same file-system as the old one ) copy the contents of the old sd card onto the new one insert the new sd card into the phone , power it on .
you can do so by having your wifi switched off when its signal gets weak . there are several apps available on the playstore which can watch the wifi signal , one of them being tasker ( which is what i use ) . here you can define a minimum level and tell tasker : if wifi signal falls below this , switch wifi off . of course you can make it even more detailed , and letting it check every x minutes whether signal quality has improved . it might be a little tricky to set up first ( especially when one is not used to tasker ) -- but once it works , and you figure out what else can be done with that app , you do not want to miss it . an example how this could look like can be found in <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? -- a little different topic , but a similar idea behind it . you might also take a look at similar apps . though tasker is not free ( you can get a 7-day trial on their website ) , it is worth every cent -- but might be hard for beginners . there are other automation apps around , as e.g. llama , which might also able to do a similar job .
bestsignal seems like the perfect solution . it offers both default configurations and also advanced configurations .
i just installed bestsignal on my htc one m7 from the developer of the same name . it is the paid version but only aud1.99 and it works well , simple yet highly functional gui . however it was not compatible on my google nexus 7 ( 2012 ) nor my asus transformer tf700t so be sure to check your device compatibility .
definitly not ! that is nothing like what a developer needs . and a developer requiring you to send that i would avoid in the future as well . all that might be needed can be provided by e.g. adb bugreport ( which is the most comprehensive data collection known to me to be useful for a developer concerning his development ) . requesting all your addresses is harvesting , and rather used for spamming . tl ; dr : i would not send that information . you might contact that dev and ask for an explanation , and then maybe decide different . but i cannot believe this being a " mistake " or simply " carelessness " .
no . there is no reason why an app would need all your contacts . it is possible that contact information might be useful , if the app does anything to the information about the contact . for example , the app might want to format the phone number ( for aesthetic purposes ) , because it could be saved in many ways ( e . g . +639171234567 , 09171234567 ) . they might also be interested in how many contact numbers you have for that person . how would they handle such scenario if you called the person ? would they use the first number or the second number ? if you know the person developing the app ( or even if you do not ) , the best way would be to ask them what they need it for . but the bottomline is : no , they should never have to need all of your contacts .
stock recovery does not come with adb access . try a recent version of clockworkmod recovery for your device ( the older versions do not all have adb support ) you will need to flash the recovery on using fastboot ( see @mishap 's answer )
adb is not available in the bootloader , try using fastboot instead for a quick and dirty rundown of flashing your device with a new image using fastboot : adb reboot bootloader use fastboot devices to verify your device is visible , if not , you are probably running windows , and you have to install some funky drivers . if you do not see ' unlocked ' at the bottom of the screen , use the command fastboot oem unlock then just : fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot flash system system.img fastboot flash userdata userdata.img fastboot flash recovery recovery.img if you feel super confident you could just : ps you should only use the flash commands if the referenced files are present , if not you may or may not brick your phone ( have not tried flashing a non-existent file to the device yet )
note sure if this question should really been have migrated here . but this is a typical case of a vacuum that we have here . it is not really an android end-user question and on the other hand not a android programming question . anyway it looks like a typical codepage/localisation problem : "&lt ; " on an us layout is " ; " on an german ( and maybe others ) keyboard layout "> " on an us layout is ":" on an german ( and maybe others ) keyboard layout i take a wild guess and say that you develop under microsoft windows , where each windows can have a different keyboard layout . you should see a symbol with the current layout right to the clock in the taskbar , where you can change this . i hope i was able to point you into the right direction .
root the device ( in this case the razr d3 ) install the application ( a game i.e. ) in the memory sd . unroot the device ( to have the last update of the s.o. , i do not have find how to unroot an razr d3 ) i do not have test this solution but maybe in a few weeks i will try it : ) links : http://youtu.be/3wzbb4w0-ds how to root d1 and d3 device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ja8tknwtek how to use gl to sd ( root ) well , basicly the problem is that we will avoid the warranty of the mobile .
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
i have seen something similar when an app is installed in someone else 's profile but not my own , so make really sure you do not still have it installed in any other profiles .
boot into odin mode , plug into laptop , get custom recovery and root via odin ( this does not wipe data ) then in the custom recovery do a nandroid backup then clear dalvik cache and try to boot . if this does not work then sorry you are gonna need to flash a custom rom or stock rom again
my experience of the one x in order to be able to select multiple items in the gallery you need to first give it a task to do . for example , open gallery hit ' share ' in the bottom left , you will need a service which takes multiple uploads , such as facebook then you will see the ' multi-select ' grid with tick boxes next to each image which you can then select . as far as i can see from playing on my device for 10 minutes , there is not a general ' multi-select ' feature . you might try a different gallery app though . i would recommend quickpic
barsent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . weird name , i know right ! barsent is a simple and free app that lets you set a predefined number in the options and then any subsequent barcode scan results will be sent to that number instantly without any prompts . the barcode reader by zxing team is however required for this app . get it here ! click here to download the barsent apk ( not available on market ) alternate link or scan the code below from your phone to instantly download the apk remember to turn on " install from unknown sources " in your options ! btw , the app is made by me when i got some spare time and i thought while it may be too simple , it could be helpful to a few people . your question inspired me to make such an app ( lol i know im such a sucker for bounties ) ; anyway , it was fun getting this done in the mit is app-inventor the app is not well tested because i did not have much time . if you find bugs or want to request for a feature , maybe we can do it over the chat here on android stack exchange or via email preferably . comments are probably not the right way . a few things i would like to say its simple and will always be free if its slow or crashing , i might not be able to do much really since its made using appinventor , do tell if those things happen though . if you do not like this , you can modify or build your own or ask me for features . also , there could be potentially some apps in the market that does the same in a better way . i simply made this app for fun . i do not know if i can support app2sd or crunch the size of the app . . its just appinventor and i did not include any fancy media into this app . there are no obtrusive ads , background services or airpush junk permissions are exaggerated by the appinventor i guess do not hold me responsible for anything if you like this , you can upvote this , share it using the small and cute buttons to the left of this post . oh and after installing the app , i recommend scanning the barcode that is above in this post using the app . ; ) screen shots . . maybe later but the app 's really ugly in terms of looks . :d exclusively for the stack exchange community ! that is why i am posting here !
from verizon : open settings . select battery and data manager . select data delivery . select data enabled to enable / disable .
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
if you have a warranty i would use it as this sounds like malfunctioning hardware , not a software problem .
most pre-installed keyboards are system apps . system apps can not be uninstalled without root access .
i am not sure concerning the note-3 specifically , but there are some apps claiming to help you at least parically on this issue : button savior ( root ) home2 shortcut buttonremapper they all have in common that they help you remapping one or more buttons .
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
when you do a hard reset , or a factory default reset , it wipes your phones internal storage completely . so anything that was saved on your phones internal storage , is pretty much gone . personal things such as : texts , phone calls , and browsing history , are not stored on your sd card , but stored internally . so doing that wipe will have cleared it out . so you are fine . your sd card never really holds anything personal like that .
nothing at all is on your memory card . sms messages etc are not actually stored on the sd card . when you do a hard reset all of your data is erased completely .
open the sdcard on your pc and format it . done . it is not recoverable whatsoever because it is a flash disk . to wipe all personal data you need to do a factory reset . or wipe /data ( and /cache ) manually
before deleting anything you should encrypt your sdcard and your internal storage ( this appears to be built into android but located in different places on different devices , or maybe it is different versions ) . do this first because depending on how the encryption works there may be gaps left unencrypted because it did not think it needed to overwrite deleted space . you could try to fill that space before erasing for total security . once encryption is done , you can then erase your sdcard ( again , should be built in , though eraser mentioned in mathew 's answer might be better , do not know ) , and do the factory reset on your phone . this way any data bits will be extremely difficult to recover ( near impossible depending on password chosen ) , even with specialized hardware .
the other answers are a little misleading . first , it does not really matter from a security standpoint whether you have got things stored on the sd card or on the internal storage . the sd card is easier to remove and read outside the phone , but the internal storage can be read as well ( most easily from the device itself but also from a pc ) . the second thing is that i would expect this wipe to be insecure , i.e. , file deletion rather than zeroing of the storage . ( i have not checked myself . ) i recommend using a program like eraser to zero your sd card . i do not have a good recommendation for the device storage , unfortunately .
what you are trying to set is the msisdn number on your sim card . this can be quite difficult to do on android . this site has a post detailing how it can be done on various phones ( including non-android ) which if you have access to another device is probably the easiest way . if you do not have access to another device then you could try the myphonenumber app . this is very flaky and only works on certain roms/devices . the other option is to contact your operator as i believe this is something that they can set ota , although most do not seem to know anything about it from my experience .
for dolphin browser , use the phone menu button and chose exit for firefox , install the Quit Now add-on and use the new quit button in the menu . for any other tab browser , close all tabs prior to push back in order to exit . for any persistently running browser , use the task manager to kill it .
i have never been a fan of chrome . it lacks too many features compared to other browsers . anyway , most browsers support tabs and have an x symbol on the tab . normally , the browsers remain open even if close all tabs . there is always 1 tab that remains open , and it will not close even if you click the x symbol . you had have to click the back button to close the browser . among the browsers i use - about 4 of them - maxthon behaves differently . it does not exactly do what you want , but if you click on the x symbol , it acts as a back button . so if there is only 1 tab open and you press it twice , it will exit the browser .
there is nothing special you need to do within gmail . ( in fact , there is nothing you can do in gmail . ) simply add the google account ( s ) to your device under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Add account . ( it will then appear there listed under " google account " . ) after that make sure you are syncing gmail plus whatever other google services you want ( or not ) .
yes , it will . the default alarm is built into android and uses the alarmManager to schedule when to sound the alarm . it will always go off , unless the device is powered off or in silent mode ( however some rom 's have separate volume controls for alarms and other volumes ) .
i have not tried this , but a quick look at android 's bionic libc sources seems to indicate that android might use /etc/ppp/resolv . conf : ( from http://code.metager.de/source/xref/android/4.1.1/bionic/libc/private/resolv_private.h#113 )
i know it is off topic , but the instructions are on the android developer pages here . see the section under " troubleshooting adt installation " . if you are still unable to use eclipse to download the adt plugin as a remote update site , you can download the adt zip file to your local machine and manually install it : download the current adt plugin zip file from the table below ( do not unpack it ) . follow steps 1 and 2 in the default install instructions ( above ) . in the add site dialog , click archive . browse and select the downloaded zip file . enter a name for the local update site ( e . g . , " android plugin" ) in the " name " field . click ok . follow the remaining procedures as listed for default installation above , starting from step 4 . to update your plugin once you have installed using the zip file , you will have to follow these steps again instead of the default update instructions . just download the zip file to a usb drive , follow these instructions and you are good to go !
it works in a very similar way to how one user 's apps are isolated from each other . whereas apps ' private data used to be stored in /data/data , now it is stored in <code> /data/users/ n </code> , where n is the id of the user profile . each user gets their own directory , and each app that user uses gets a directory within that . posix file system permissions protect the data directories , not only from other apps , but also from other users . because android uses the existing posix process , uid , and file system security mechanism , the same way it does for different apps , the implementation is already secure without needing anything special at the os level , or a more complicated ( and thus battery-hungry ) solution such as virtualization . virtualization would work poorly for this anyway : providing virtualized access to the network , bluetooth , nfc hardware , etc . such that all users could control it would add a lot of unnecessary complexity to the driver stacks . when both users run the same app ( such as the launcher ) , there are actually two instances of that app . they share one apk file , but they have two separate processes running under different posix user ids , and they each look in their own data directory . this way , nothing they might write to is shared between the two users , but read-only parts ( such as the app 's executable code from the apk file ) are shared , reducing ram and storage use . both instances might be running at once , and switching users just changes which one is the foreground app on the screen . nothing needs to be reloaded or restarted . this works the same way whether the app is a built-in one , or one installed by the user . there is an awkward side-effect of that : when one user upgrades an app , the upgrade affects all users , even if the new version needs more permissions . only apps with the interact_across_users permission are special . such apps get access to apis within the android framework to look at all the users ' data directories at once . the lock screen is an example of such an app : in one instance , it needs to be able to read each user 's settings and profile picture , in order to show the " switch users " gui .
as far as i know , you can not change the lock screen wallpaper . if you want to turn off the ads , go to manage your devices , and edit your special offers subscription status .
i would really need more info to give you a precise answer , but i think i know what you are speaking of . when you move a file through mtp with your mouse , on your computer , your computer is not just moving the file . . . it is a totally different type of filesystem , and therefore has to basically read the file and write the file in new location . it is not the same as if you were in adb or terminal issuing : mv file newfolder/file . . . or a root explorer long pressing to move , which issues the same as above .
i have seen a similar issue trying to sync s note 's between a galaxy note 3 ( smartphone ) and a galaxy note 10.1 ( as well as to a galaxy note 2 ) . the issue seems to be in the version of s note running on android 4.3 . on my note 3 , s note saves the files as . spd files in a snotedata folder . on the galaxy 10.1 the s note documents are as . snb files in the " s note " folder . i think this explains why sync is not working .
there is no significant difference between charging it while it is turned off or not . modern li-ion and li-po batteries which are built into tablets and phones nowadays can handle any kind of charging very well . the only thing that should be avoided is a complete discharge as it degrades the battery much faster ( aka it loses capacity ) . with discharging i mean draining it to 0% and leaving it for some days/weeks alone . tl ; dr : just use your device as you want and avoid being on 0% battery for a long time .
you do not type . you scan in barcodes of the numbers you need . see step 6 of this guide for the barcodes . these barcodes can also be found on page 1-21 of the manual .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
codename : evita afaik , the htc one xl has the codename of evita , and no other was attributed to this model . the xl was introduced into the market just like the htc one x , but with a significant improvement in communications : htc one xl ( te ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; 4g network ( lte 1800 / 2600 ) pc world australia article : htc one xl review : htc 's one x gets the superfast 4g treatment . is the extra speed worth it ? phone information about the phone : to check you device 's information , you can go to " settings " and select " about phone": if the codename is presented , you should find it on the information provided there . accessing the configuration file : you can use a file manager and navigate to /system/ and open the build.prop file , that contains all the details about your system . locate the lines that start by ro.product to know your device 's model ; brand ; codename ; cpu and manufacturer ( among others ) . references : pdadb .netsearch results for " htc one " that include the devide codename gsm arena - htc one xl : full phone specifications geekaphone . com - htc one xl specifications htc smartphones : htc one xl wikipedia : htc one xl
since the introduction of nfc in android 2.3 gingerbread there has been some basic support for nfc included , such as opening the browser when scanning an nfc tag with an http:// url , opening the phone app with an tel : uri , messaging with an sms : uri , email with an mailto : uri , adding a contact with a vcard tag , etc . since android 4.0 ics , some standard apps and many google apps have been extended with the function to share data via android beam , too . e.g. the current browser url , a displayed contact , the clip url in the youtube app , displayed location in maps , etc . by default also non-nfc apps share their play store url via android beam .
essentially the individual apps do not need to have any understanding of nfc at all , they just respond to one of their standard intents that is been pushed to them by android 's central nfc service . by default , that nfc service handles reading the nfc tag and triggering the relevant intent to pass info on to another app on the device , like the dialler . one very easy way to play around with triggering actions by nfc is using microsoft 's on{x} app ( yes , bizarrely this is a microsoft app that is only available on android ) . as long as you have already got the hardware support , this lets you trigger a whole lot of actions with an nfc tag , with an absolutely minimal amount of simple scripting . see their recent blog entry on nfc for some of what you can do .
after months being annoyed by this , i rerommed the device and it was ok after that . so i can only suppose that something core had become corrupted .
this is a special case of android , since it is not exactly the same build that most people interact with and uses hardware that most android devices do not use ( ie . touchpads designed for laptops , ethernet cards , etc . ) . the only useful thing i could find is from android-x86 project 's supported list : touch pad works as a touchscreen . hard to use but not impossible you may be best served by contributing your findings/bugs to the project through the above linked list , and perhaps the project developers can offer something more definitively helpful .
i am not sure this would be helpful , but i love this app called button savior , which provides on-screen access to many of the functions you would find only via hard buttons . you can activate it by a simple swipe , or by pressing a very translucent button that is always on the screen . some of the functions do require that you have rooted your phone , but not all .
as al everett said , the best way would be to just sync your new phone with you google account . but before you do that , make sure you : make sure all contacts in contact book are synced to google , not backup assistant or internal storage . make sure all bookmarks or other web data are synced ( if you use google chrome on android ) make sure all of your pictures and videos are stored on your sd card , and not on your internal storage . optional : you could create a backup of your phone just in case if you need any of your data back . it is better to backup before and not use the backup than do it and need a backup and not have one . just a thought . once you have everything synced to google , then you are all set to sync your new phone with your google account and factory reset your old phone . settings -> privacy -> factory data reset -> yes , i am sure -> yes absolutely sure -> . . . good luck with the new device !
it depends on the pages . if the pages are media-heavy ( lots of large images or other media ) then yes , the pages load faster since google scales and recodes the images on the servers before sending them to your device , and optimizes other page content also . however , the device still needs to render the layout of the page , which can be slow on mobile devices . this happens on the device and requires cpu+ram , and is unaffected by the bandwodth optimization . also , since some content is compressed when sent from google 's optimization servers , it needs to be decompressed on the device , which uses cpu . all in all , reducing data helps move the bottleneck from the bandwidth to the device itself , and the benefit of the setting depends on the content of the pages and the performance of your device .
turn power saving off . . . it worked for me . then download cc cleaner , is free .
instead of mergin your internal an external sd card , i think its easier to just bind the directories with high data to the external sd card . the idea is to link the folder were google music stores the offline cache with the sd card , so it will write it there instead of the internal memory . this is valid for any other app that writes to the internal memory , just follow the steps : go to settings > apps > running and close google music . open your file manager and go to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/cache and delete all files . create a folder in your external sd card , for example mymusic create a file in your internal sd card with the mount options , for example musicscript . txt insert the following in the file ( check the directories path as it might change ) : mount -o bind /emmc/MusicCache/ /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.Android.music/ go to google play store and install script manager . open script manager , grant it root , open the musicscript . txt file you have created and select open as > script/executable . select su and boot and hit save . reboot your phone . open google music and click on choose on device music . you should be able to see the total space available is the same as the space available in the external sd card . as an alternative , if you have a kernel that supports init.d scripts , you can skip steps 6 to 8 by adding the file as executable to /etc/init.d/ , that way it will be executed at boot . how to find your internal sd card path : use es file explorer and it should display your sd card content once you open it . you can check the sd card path in the toolbar at the top . use any terminal ( e . g . connectbot ) and type mount or mount | grep sdcard , the command should display the mount point or path of your internal sd card .
that is a stack of errors occuring to you . before i present you a possible solution , let me point out what your mistakes have been -- to avoid those in the future : never ever go to restore system data ( this includes sms , contacts , and other data from system apps ) from a nandroid backup of one rom to a different rom . this might work in some cases ( when those roms involved are very compatible ) , but most likely will bring you in trouble as it was in your case . apps store their data mostly in sqlite files , which contain databases -- and the structure of those databases very often differs . so you break those apps , which leads to different kind of trouble -- up to the point of boot-loops or incomplete boots , being stuck at the logo . this is also why liam is correct that a " data wipe " ( or " factory reset" ) would have solved the issue ( as it would remove those broken sqlite files , and the apps would re-create them emptily ) . if you really need to transfer data of system apps between different roms , the best way is to export this data before you flash ( contacts can be exported directly from the contacts app , and would then be stored as .vcf file on your sdcard ; for other things like sms there are apps available on the playstore ) , and import them afterwards . also , as you are rooted , you should consider buying the pro version of titanium backup for a complete backup ( in addition to your nandroid backup ) . titanium backup includes a " migration feature " which should work for those kind of data as well . never flash a kernel if you are not 100% sure it works for your combination of device and rom . if you break things here , you device will not be able to boot in normal or recovery mode , as you experienced . especially do no such thing if your device already has other trouble -- first solve that trouble before doing such " deep system changes " . now , you are 100% correct : as you are no longer able to boot into recovery mode , you need a helper tool " from outside " . for samsung devices , this tool is either odin ( which is what samsung itself provides ) , or heimdall , which is a cross-plattform alternative to odin which will also run on your ubuntu pc ( odin will not , as it imho is for windows only ) . use either of the two to flash any rom compatible to your device , so you get your recovery mode working again . once that is done , you might start over flashing clockworkmod recovery , then restoring your complete nandroid backup , exporting your data as described above , and finally switch to the rom you wanted to use .
if you had recovery , a simple data wipe would have fixed the boot loop issue . the issue you are describing sounds like a kernel/system issue . the only fix would be to try and flash a new kernel via download mode - you would have to find a program that could do this . if this is not possible ( it may not be ) , then you should consider your phone bricked , and you should take it to your nearest service center for repair ( do not tell them you rooted it , just say it would not turn on after you had turned it off ) .
what izzy said is correct . also , never give up ! i found that there is always something you can do to unbrick your captivate . the xda-developers wiki page is very useful in this regard . the sections about bricking and unbricking should be very useful . while it is very difficult to enumerate all possible ways of unbricking here , understanding the nature of the brick ( soft or hard ) and looking for alternative ways in the forums is always helpful . the techniques that i know of so far are : the 3-button method and its variations , as listed in the wiki page above . ( there are variations , just search for them in xda-developers ) using your pc and the usb cable . izzy 's answer is one such method . hardware solutions that involve cutting a usb cable or using resistors . when you have a hard brick , you may have to resort to these . good luck and do not stop searching ! there is always a way to unbrick your captivate .
i remember reading on one of the google forums that there was a also a total size limit , and that the developer was going to ask the team if the limit could be extended . in my experience the limit seems to be around the 200-300 megabyte mark .
the queue limitation , afaik is 200 videos : you can queue up a maximum of 200 videos in a watch later list . the same limitation applies for any created playlist . note : make sure that you are preloading videos having the device charging and with an active wi-fi connection , in order to have them correctly preloaded to your phone . youtube instructions for a successul preload according to the youtube blog , it is mentioned that the preload process works if the phone is charging and a wi-fi connection exists : you can now preload and temporarily cache videos from your subscribed channels on your phone anytime it’s charging and your wifi is connected . just enable “preloading” in the settings menu . you’ll still need a connection to play the video , but once you do it’s smooth sailing through the latest from your subscribed channels and watch later queue . additionally , you need to have an active connection when pressing the play button .
based on the likelihood that you are using the default browser ? i know that firefox supports "ß" , and does show the " h " without a circumflex . maybe try it out ? i am on htc one with ice cream sandwich , the default browser seems to support these but opera does not -so yes unicode is supported , but not necessarily by all browser implementations , rooting your phone is not the answer i suspect .
as t0mm13b had said , android as a framework does support unicode . as you are probably aware the vanilla android is as such available as a stock option only to google 's own devices ( the nexus series ) . other android devices will have some sort of topping layer over this vanilla layers . this topping layer will usually be cosmetic changes by the manufacturer like htc sense ui etc . even if there are no such topping layer , the manufacturers compile the source of vanilla rom with suitable drivers of their devices and add slight country specific enhancements . take a look at a similar question that i had asked which is not very different from what you had asked , if the language specific features and names are not accounted . that question explains how an android device displays a glyph ( not characters ) on screen and the software components that are involved in that process . to put it in a nut shell , to display a character android requires a suitable font file and a rendering engine . absence of former could result in a rectangular box and later will result in improper display of glyph . in your case the rom that your s3 has might not have the above said . try to test with the devices that does display it ( probably in some other region , the s3 might display it properly ) and find what font files differs between yours and theirs .
you should be able to select folder settings in the photos app . per support . google : you can choose to automatically back up your android 's photo and video folders , including photos you have downloaded , screenshots you have taken , or photos saved by other apps . turn setting on or off open the photos app > touch the menu icon/button > settings > auto backup > check or uncheck back up local folders turn on or off for individual folders open the photos app > touch the photos menu icon at the top left > on device > to the right of each folder title , toggle the cloud icon to turn auto backup on or off for that folder
just a follow-up : it appears that the cause of the problem is that the buttons on the circuit board are slightly askew from the actual opening on the case . as a result , when you push down on the volume rocker , it can sometime slide slightly above or below the button on the printed circuit board . when that happens , it misses the button and will not actuate , and also can become jammed in position so that it will not return up . when that happens , you can no longer push the volume up or down until it becomes unjammed . it can become unjammed by jiggling ( a lot ) , but may eventually become jammed again . get the s3 home button and lock button
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
you have to place your palm on the side of the screen and cross it to the other side .
hold volume down button and lock button ! you can not take screenshots like on android 2+ . using hand motion feature - for this enable palm swipe to capture feature and swipe your hands above the phone to take a screenshot using swipe option for reference look at the guide on how to take screenshot on samsung galaxy s3 mini
if you are using stovk rom then you can try this . from home 1 . click the menu button and select settings . 2 . select motion . 3 . under “hand motion” settings , check “palm swipe to capture” checkbox . just swipe your palm horizontally ( l--> r/r--> l ) over your screen it will capture a screen shot . or hold down the power button and the home button at the same time . ( remember timing is imporatant )
xda is the only place to go . they have plenty of roms to choose from , including stock builds for your nexus if you want timely updates from big g .
you could also try downloading the factory image from google . there are instructions with how to use it on that site too . this will completely wipe your device including your files .
try htc sync manager http://www.theandroidsource.com/my-touch-4g-root-rooting-roms-hacks-overclocking-etc/292-latest-htc-mytouch-4g-sync-driver-download.html https://support.htc.com/alerts_downloads/en/htc_sync_and_sync_manager_for_all_htc_android_phones joslloyd
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
i think the most interesting is you apn and operator . it could be that only http traffic is allowed ( port 80 and 443 for https ) or some similar limitation . check you operators support page for details .
in my country there is one operator with whom we have same behavior . they have given us two different apn . with first only the browser works , exactly like you have said . with second everything works . if your operator has different apn for using mobile internet in computer , try that apn . this works with one of the operator in my country but not sure if this will help you .
i am a huge fan of isyncr . it syncs to itunes , so if you are coming from an iphone you can use the playlists you already created . what sealed the deal for me was the fact that isyncr syncs play counts and ratings back to itunes . not to mention the fact that you can sync over wi-fi or sync via usb cable . edit : i see you are asking about syncing without itunes , but if all your music is already there isyncr will work .
google music -your can upload your music files from your computer to google music cloud storage . then the uploaded music is automatically available in your android device and also you can listen to those music in web interface . you can upload up to 20,000 songs . the problem is that your have to use google music player in your android phone and the uploaded music will not be available if you use other players . and also this service is not available in all countries as of now . media monkey music player . it recognizes almost any android devices . you can configure it to automatically sync media files from computer to phone whenever you connect your phone through usb cable . i use it for syncing my music to galaxy nexus with android 4.2.1 . i tried multiple players including windows media player but this one seems to working well .
i would try out google music . it will be the most native with your device , and gets relatively close to syncing , in theory . the first thing you will have to do is go to the google music homepage and download the music manager tool . once downloaded , you tell the music manager where your music is on your computer , and it uploads it all to the cloud ! this music becomes visible as soon as you log into play music on your phone with the gmail account that you used to set up google music on your computer . then whatever music is placed on your computer in your music folders is accessible at music . google . com and on all of your android devices . the difference is , your music does not actually sync to your phone , but is streamed when you choose it on your mobile device . this can be slightly modified by selecting an album or such on your device , clicking the little expansion arrow ( usually at the bottom right of the item ) , and choosing the Offline music option ( it has a picture of a pin next to it ) . your phone will then download this music so it does not have to be streamed to play later . you would have to do this with all of the music you do not wish to stream , but if you have a decent internet connection , streaming is very much a viable option . and saves tons of space on your phone ! hope this helps !
if you want to use google music you will need to upload your itunes m4p music to google music . however , google music only supports . mp3 , . m4a , . wma , . flac and . ogg files . and drm-ed m4p music is not supported . in order to upload m4p to google music , you need do a conversion first . since itunes m4p music are protected by apple 's drm , you cannot use a common audio converter to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 . what you need is an all-in-one drm converter that can both remove drm protection from m4p and convert m4p to mp3 for google music . aimersoft is taken as the best choice to help you transfer itunes m4p to google music . with it , you can legally strip drm protection from m4p files and convert it to mp3 . in addition , it can convert audio files that are not supported by google music like . wav and . aiff . now download it and follow the steps below to convert itunes music for google music . http://www.aimersoft.com/drm-media-converter.html how to convert m4p to google music supported mp3 add m4p files after downloading the drm converter , install and launch it . the main interface is as below . you can either click the " add . . . " button to add m4p music files of directly drag the files to the main interface . as you can see , you can also add video files to convert . specify mp3 as the output format then you can click " audio files to " and select " mp3" as the output format . note that google music prefer mp3 with 320kbps bitrate . here you can click " settings " and choose the bitrate as 320kbps . start converting m4p to google music mp3 when all the settings are ok , click the " start " button on the main interface to start the conversion . when the conversion finishes , you can tap " find target " to access to the converted drm-free mp3 files . then you can upload them to google music as you like . apart from that : why not utilize what you already have - especially if that itunes list is big . here are 2 alternatives : tunesync™ allows you to sync your itunes playlist and songs with your android™ device . it copies the unprotected music to your sd card and creates playlists that match your itunes playlists . tunesync™ does this all over your wifi connection . there is no need to connect your android™ device to your pc or apple mac . see its home page for tutorial setup http://tunesync.com/ google play store link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.highwindsoftware.tunesync i think a better alternative to what you might consider is to use winamp ( for mac ) : winamp ( for mac ) can take any existing itunes playlist ( which is what you already have ) and sync it directly to an android device without jumping through any other hoops . features : wireless and wired sync with an android phone , requires winamp for android one-click music and playlist import from itunes and mac desktop keep winamp updated automatically with watch folders and itunes library sync play local files , create playlists , and manage playback with a play queue window instructions download and install winamp ( link depending on pc or mac ) http://www.winamp.com/ http://www.winamp.com/mac launch winamp and you will be prompted to add media to winamp library . select " import from itunes " . this will import all of your music in your itunes library into the winamp media library . click " library-> import itunes media library " in the bottom left-hand corner of the player . sync the playlist to your android phone connected to mac or pc previously . other than serving as an easy way to sync itunes to android , it also makes for a decent desktop music player .
you could make note of the time that the phone was lagging . then either a ) go to android market and download a logging app such alogcat or b ) download the android sdk and use ddms . exe in the tools folder . using the logging application , you can see if something was being written to the log at the time the phone was lagging . you might be able to determine what service or application is causing the lag .
the adb likely will not be of much help . the apps need to have debugging enabled to be able to see their thread and relative performance i believe . i assume you have looked at the battery usage menu in your phone . what is it telling you ? you could the hidden debug menu in your hd . it may provide more info . open your phone dialer and dial *#*#4636#*#* . give that a try .
i am not sure what phone you have so it is hard to know if there are any other ways around . however , there is a topic on xda stating that this is not a recommended approach at installing the browser . the suggestion is to just install a custom rom . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1214437
the official froyo release for the htc desire seems to be imminent . though since it is already been over three weeks since they said it would come within the next two , you might have better luck with an unofficial rom .
i just got the update notification ( unbranded desire , germany ) . so the answer to " when " is : now .
the initial leaked information was " late june " , but this turned out to be incorrect . htc have released a full statement now stating that the upgrade will be during q3 ( so anytime between now and the end of september ) . see this techradar article for more information .
here is a good article about putting a custom 2.2 on your htc desire , i have heard first hand reports that it worked .
as the iphone system sounds are the property of apple , i cannot help you find them . if you do , however , place ringtones on your sd card under /ringtones and other sounds like new mail notification under /notifications . go back into preferences and you should now be able to select these sounds .
zedge is a pretty sweet ringtones/wallpaper app which i am sure includes said ringtones .
one way is to use another app to manage your dropbox that enables this functionality . i use astro file manager to generally manage the files on my device and this can also link directly to your dropbox , google drive , skydrive , etc . astro gives you the additional option to " open as " , from which you can choose text , audio , image or video . select " text " and you get the usual list of apps that can open text files , including the db text editor . update : unfortunately there appears to be a limit to how many files astro fm is able to retrieve from a dropbox folder . somewhere between 1,000 and 1,100 files i get a " connection failed - could not establish a connection to dropbox " message when trying to browse the folder . 1,000 files ( exactly ) seems to be ok . there is no such limit with ordinary folders on the device .
currently the official dropbox app can open a file which has no extension with external editor . ( i prefer vimtouch )
appadmin the screenshots do not show the " move " option if you google it . it is useful for backups and restores too . a great piece of kit
you can use the pm command ( via the debugger or a terminal app ) to move packages around . i don’t know whether or not this needs root access . those packages which start with /data/app are candidates to be moved . use pm install -r -s /data/app/org.fdroid.fdroid-1.apk  which will reinstall it on the sd card ( preserving the data ) . you could script this . if an app does not want to move , use pm setInstallLocation 2  to force it , but be warned that this can disable widgets and notifications for apps that aren’t expecting it , and that you should set it back to 0 unless you want every future app to go on the sd card .
take a look at sd move and sd watch . they do not automate the process for you ( i do not think automation is possible ) , but sd move will give you a color coded list of what applications you can move over , and sd watch will alert you when you install a new app whether or not it can be moved to the sd card .
app2sd both notifies you when apps can be moved to the sd card , and provide an interface to do so . also there is a way to refine app2sd to allow more apps to move to sd card instructions here - http://www.bongizmo.com/blog/moving-all-android-apps-to-sdcard-apps2sd-froyo/ i was able to follow except that it did not indicate precisely what to enter in terminal , so i got stuck there - if anyone can advise on what should be typed in , would be helpful .
use the google play app called landscape wallpaper ; it works . i think we can not have the scrolling effect because of the " carousel " effect of the panels .
i have a htc one x too , and i had not noticed yet that wallpaper scrolling is not working anymore . after some searching in the settings , i have not found the solution to your problem . so i think that i have to conclude that there is no option to restore this functionality . reverting back to previouse sense versions is not an option as far as i know . rooting is an option , but i guess that this will not fix the problem , though i cannot really say for sure it will or will not .
assuming that the pc you have got the sdk installed on is running windows , the first step to getting your device recognized by the sdk/adb is having the right windows usb drivers for your device installed . see this previous question for more on getting hold of the right adb drivers for your device : substitute win7 usb drivers for adb mode
on android 4 . x+ you should just be able to swipe it to the right to dismiss it .
do not you have a clear button in the top right corner ? this is what it looks like on my htc desire running android 2.3.3 . what happens if you press and hold the voice mail ? do you get a menu to clear it out ? update : tapping the notification dials the voice mail inbox , right ? unless you can tap and hold it to get a context menu from where you can remove it , then i am afraid there is not much you can do about it . i just talked to a samsung rep and he was not aware of a way to remove it . he said you have to pull down the notifications menu , tap it , and then close it ( essentially dialing and then ending the call ) . i also had a look at the manual for the galaxy ace ( gt-s5830 ) . there is not much said in it about this ( full manual , 127 pages , not a quick guide ) . they pretty much just tell you what voice mail is , how to set up voice mail server and listen to voice mails . in idle mode , open the application list and select ( phone icon ) , keypad and then tap and hold 1 . follow the instructions from the voice mail server . you must save the voice mail server number before accessing the server . they do not even tell you how to clear the notification bar . they seem to be expecting that the user will know this by logic . most manufacturers of android handsets seem to be under the impression that android is intuitive enough that they do not need to say many words about it in the manuals . some manufacturers have more proper manuals , thoroughly explaining every detail , while some will just have quick guides . i am sorry i could not be of any more help to you . may i ask why these notifications about voice mail bother you so much ? are you using voice mail ? if you are not using it , then there is always the option to disable it , and you will not be getting any more of those . so here are the options you have . tap to listen you can tap the " new voice mail " icon from the notification bar to dial your voice mail inbox and listen to your voice mails . ignore it you can always just ignore the icon . disable voice mail if you are not using voice mail , or if you are not using it frequently you always have the option to disable it . upgrade to android 4.2 if possible , you could try upgrading to android 4.2 . that requires rooting your phone and installing a custom rom . get a new phone this is the least wanted option for several reasons , the expense being usually number one . but sometimes it is the best and quickest solution that allows you to get on with your life and worry less about problems with technology . i would personally not change my phone just to get around this type of issue . make sure you thoroughly test your new phone so you know it does what you want . it is usually not possible to test every feature in the store , you need to take it home and test it properly . some carriers will allow you to bring the phone home and test both the phone and the service for 14 days , without commitment or signing any contract . my carrier ( tele2 ) has this option . how to disable voice mail on galaxy ace in idle mode , open the application list and select settings . select call settings . select voice mail number remove the number and save changes . if it does not allow you to leave it empty then type in some bogus ( fake ) number like +1 123456789 and save . there is also the option " voicemail service " . see if you can just disable the service that way , instead of messing with numbers . it does not say in the manual what options you have , so you need to see for yourself . note ! you can always continue using your voice mail . it is just that you will not be getting these annoying messages every time you get a voice mail . all you have to do in the future is just call the number for your voice mail inbox . you can just save that as a new contact and call it to check for new voice mails .
if your device is running android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) or higher , this app seems to be able to clear them .
i would check your /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder and remove any old backups you have in there . you can also remove them from within rom manager under Manage and Restore Backups . then click on the older backups and select Delete from the menu .
i am using samsung galaxy 3 with android 2.1 update mms works in this .
if you are having problems sending mms , perhaps its not the os or the hardware , but a setting or you provider ? i was having issues sending texts on my captivate ( galaxy s ) , turned out at and t had not turned messaging on for my plan , and i had to enter a message center number ( messaging app -> menu -> settings -> message center ) to get it to work .
you need to have the latest k-9 version ( 4.4x ) . however , it is not yet available for all devices / countries . i installed k-9 on my galaxy s4 , and it installed 4.2x , which is not the latest . see this xda thread ; there is a download link to the 4.4x apk , which you can install manually . the newer version uses an actionbar which has a reply button .
i have noticed that i sometimes get a notification that an update is available , but when i go in there , i am unable to update . i , at first , thought that it was some type of syncing issue like you describe , but i have realized ( at least in my situation ) that i have the apps set to update automatically . so i get the notification , but the market actually has already updated the application in the background . based on your comments , and if you eventually go in to the market and there is actually an update available for an app that you previously were notified about , then i would say it has to do with how google rolls out the updates . as chahk discussed , the notifications seem to go before the apps , in some cases . google does this with just about everything they roll out . updated in batches .
either your server is refusing connection or one of the routers between your phone and the server ( e . g . your carrier 's router ) is refusing connection . try connecting to the server from another device ( preferrably from a wifi connection ) , if your connection is refused from that other device as well , then it is almost definitely a server configuration issue and this question should be asked on superuser or serverfault . your question is way too vague to be answerable , you will need to answer these questions ( hint : you can edit your question , then put a comment to notify your answerers ) : there is no such thing as a device " talking " to another device . what do you mean by " talking " to the server ? is your server serving static html pages , cgi scripts , or is it some kind of media streaming server ? is the ip address the server 's local ip address ( e . g . looks like 127.0.0 . xxx or 192.168 . xxx . xxx , or is it the server 's public ip address ? can you access this server from other devices ? what have you tried ? how are you connecting to the serve from the android ? is it over wifi or over 3g ?
please check the following : you can access to your server and port with your browser your emulator has 3g or wifi enabled your emulator 's browser can access to the server and port
@jim , try using audiotrack api in stream mode . see below code snippet this should work
when i need to play something recorded over the phone , i usually turn on the phone speaker and press up the volume to max . then people on the other end can hear it , but it works best on hd voice carriers ( the audio sounds much better on the other end ) : )
no , the best that you would be able to accomplish is playing a sound through the speaker so the microphone can pick it up . there are no api 's that can accomplish that .
unless you still have the build . prop file from your 1.6 rom somehow , i do not think the os version is the issue . i would guess it is blocking based on your device or carrier , not the os . check out the answer to this question to see how to view and edit the build . prop file . you can report a different device/os version through that . if you want to change your apparent carrier , try the marketenabler app .
you can access to them through the " Contact" app of your tablet . if you do not see them at first sight , go to the parameters to select the contacts you want to show .
syncing of google contacts must be enabled in the system settings in order to see them in the contacts app . this can normally be found under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; *YourEmail@gmail.com* &gt; Sync Contacts . just make sure it is checked .
if the device is unusually slow , or other apps get closed too , i would expect it is a memory shortage problem . some other service/app/proces ( possibly part of the system ) , unrelated to maps , uses so much main memory that that there is not enough memory available at the time you run maps , and the system needs to kill an app to free memory , and decides to kill maps . it this is the case , the problem would be somewhere else , and maps in itself could run fine .
try this : adb shell pm clear com.android.launcher  ( i think it is the unique name of the launcher in 4.4.2 , change it if i am wrong )
this site and this other confirm this method : power off device completely hold down the Home and Volume Down buttons press and hold the Power button until the device powers on follow the on-screen instructions to reset your device
it should work imo . i have used a standard galaxy nexus earphone on my ipod touch ; it could do everything from skipping to record voice etc .
for anyone else having a similar problem , this seems to be lack of memory . when there is too many processes running at the same time and the application start the camera , android runs out of memory and the application crashes before android can free memory . i suggest you check the list of applications that run processes and uninstall some of them . this can happen not only with camera , though . my phone used to close everything when the application started the pictures gallery or the file manager , and when trying to add a shortcut on home screen . i solved that by uninstalling memory consuming processes .
thank you for your answers everyone . unfortunately i was unable to boot into clockworkmod recovery . fortunately i found the following solution : downloaded and installed rsd lite ( on windows 8 professional x64 ) downloaded and installed the motorola usb drivers downloaded a sbf image from here : http://sbf.droid-developers.org/umts_jordan/list.php started rsd lite booted the defy with power and volume up buttons plugged the defy into my computer via a usb cable ( my usb3.0 hub seemed to cause problems so i plugged it directly into a usb2.0 on my laptop ) inside rsd lite i selected the sbf image file on my computer . selected " uncompress and start flashing " in rsd waited for phone rom to get flashed . enjoy working phone just as a note - if you run into any annoying motoblur authentication issues you may have to do a factory reset on the phone . this will clear all your user data and can be done in the follow way : boot the defy with power and volume down buttons the android mascot with the triangle/exclamation mark should appear press both the volume up and volume down buttons at the same time you should enter the standard " recovery mode " use the volume up/down buttons to navigate the menu items select " wipe data/ factory reset " with the power button confirm
that is a boot loop . you will have to re-install your cyanogenmod again . you have to hold volume down and power for about 5 seconds to enter clockwork . you have to keep trying , i sometimes have the same problem . just try and may by you will get in recovery , so you can reinstall the rom again . also when you are in recovery make a full wipe of your phone to . i usually do it : pull battery out and at the same time as putting it back in hold volume down and power for about 5 secconds .
1 ) power off phone by taking out battery 2 ) while phone is off ( and battery is in ) hold power and volume down buttons at the same time . this should put you into bootloader . scroll to recovery and select so you can boot into recovery . next , factory reset , clear cache , wipe davlik cache , and try re-flashing cm7
please read the terms and conditions of the site , specifically , under sub-heading 6 . rights and restrictions , and i will quote : no public performance . you agree not to display content contained in products in whole or in part as part of any public performance or display even if no fee is charged ( except where such use would not constitute a copyright infringement ) . use of a tool or feature provided as an authorized part of google play ( for example , “social recommendations” , as defined in the music terms below ) is permitted , provided that as you use the tool or feature as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by google . capturing of streams . you may not use google play or any product in conjunction with any stream-ripping , stream capture or similar software to record or create a copy of any product that is presented to you in streaming format . sharing . you may not use products as part of any service for sharing , lending or multi-person use , or for the purpose of any other institution , except as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by google ( for example , through “social recommendations” ) . proprietary notices . you may not remove any watermarks , labels or other legal or proprietary notices included in any product , and you may not attempt to modify any products obtained through google play , including any modification for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of a product . the italic-ized and bolded heading is my emphasis and thus would lead to op 's intention to be in violation !
it looks like you have to launch the calendar app , then you can open the options menu and choose search . then you can search your calendar . if you have got a search hard key , you should be able to press that as well once you are in the app . note that on honeycomb and ice cream sandwich , the search is going to be in the overflow menu . i looked and there is no search provider for calendar for some reason , which is necessary if you are going to be able to search that app 's data from the main search box on the home screen .
on ice cream sandwich , the search button is in the " . . . " menu :
disclaimer : i could not make the following method work on my android 4.2 ! at least nowadays it limits offline search for a few weeks . if you want more , try something like this . . . but first , if you have auto sync enabled , disable it for as long as needed to finish all steps : on the device , set the date back to january of 2000 or some old date . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all find " calendar storage " and hit " clear data " go to accounts and sync and choose your google account hit the sync button in upper right corner . let it finish now at this point reset your date back to the actual date perform the sync again it will take longer this time depending on how much calendar data needs to be transferred .
you might want to look for applications that do require this permission : android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS then uninstall it and set the alarm a short while after that . if everything is back to normal you have found the application in question .
so , even though fring supports skype calls , skype will not have any of it . skype blocks calls from fring now , so the mobile app no longer includes that functionality . however , there is a skype for android app . . . update : and , now the skype app is available for everyone except those in china and japan .
skype has blocked fring from using it is services . for more info see http://www.fring.com/blog/?p=2322
the sleep timeout and other screen lock settings can be restricted by a device policy . this is something that you might install to access a corporate vpn or mail server , and additionally some kinds of security apps ( such as antivirus ) . they can force security-related settings to particular values , e.g. to make sure that your work email will be secure even if you leave your device unattended . you can see and deactivate device administrators from the main settings app . look under device administrators . most android devices have " android device manager " in that list , so ignore that , but anything else there could be restricting your screen lock settings .
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
are you using the headphones that came with the phone ? if not that could be why . even if they are genuine apple earpods or beats - it looks as though the main issue is the middle button in the headphone is stuck while pressed in .
so this has to do with the 3.5mm audio port on thje device . with special headphones ( the ones with controls on the wire ) this feature gives you the ability to voice search without taking out the device . but for you ( and me ) it just bugs out . basically the male headphone port is brushing up against the designated special area on the female port ( top kek ) and giving it the signal to do whatever ( google now , modify volume , ect ) you cant fix it as of now , but if the device is in sleep mode or whatever google now wont open , and poweramp has an option to disable volume modification . and thats about it .
as per broam 's suggestion above , i am posting my comment as an answer . hopefully some people finds it useful . if you add a subject to the message you are making , it gets converted to mms format . even if the subject is empty , at least , that is what i know
i have found that another option , on phones or text messaging apps that support group texting but that do not force mms when you add a subject , is to create an artificial ' group ' consisting of the person you are texting to . . . . and yourself . in other words , send the text to the target person and yourself . if you have got group texting support , doing so will force an mms , and thereby bypass google voice . hence , your emoji will get transmitted in spite of voice . once you send the group text , you will receive a redundant copy of your text . at that point , just delete it . this approach can become a little messy if you do not know what you are doing , but it works for me . :- )
force the mms i have saw this comment you provided on your question : @flow in my tariff mms sending through the country is free whereas sms is not free if this is the case , you can have a .jpg as a signature file , and attach it to every sms you send . since the image is a media component , your sms will become an mms , thus saving you some $$ . original answer as far as i know , you can not . an mms message is a plain old text message with contents attached . if you attach a media file , it will be send as a mms message . otherwise it will follow as an sms . what is mms ? wikipedia multimedia messaging service , or mms , is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content to and from mobile phones . it extends the core sms ( short message service ) capability that allowed exchange of text messages only up to 160 characters in length .
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
recycling an answer from a recent duplicate . easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
i used this modified version of proxoid for quite a while . you need to set up the android developer kit first , and follow the instructions on the proxoid website on how to enable it .
you can get most of that if you buy into the google ecosystem . i use gmail for all of my email . i have several addresses . those non-gmail addresses i have are auto-forwarded ( or pulled via pop3 ) into my gmail inbox . i have gmail set up to send as any of those addresses . i use google voice and only ever give out that number . any sms messages sent to my number are forwarded to my gmail . i can respond to those message by replying to the email message . voicemail , similar , is sent to my gmail . while i can not listen to the voice message right in the email client on android , it is just a hop and a skip over to the google voice app . in any case , i usually just use the automatic transcription to gauge whether i want to call the person back or not .
normally there're four reasons for default apps to reset . you install an app that can handle that intent . you uninstall an app that can handle that intent . you update an app that can handle that intent . the app is on the sdcard and you rebooted/mounted it on a pc . the fourth is commonly overlooked . without source level changes this can not be modified .
you change the " leave a copy on the server " option on the android mail client .
unbelievably this bug is still outstanding as of android 4.0.4 . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1029 the only fix for this is to use a different email app . most people end up switching to gmail . not happy . i miss my nokia n900 .
well , now the phone can find the signal fine after a few days . i did nothing different . however , i had taken many steps beforehand , such as updating the firmware , prl and profile , restarting the phone , restarting the cable and router . none of those actions worked , however just waiting a few days seemed to resolve it . this is not much of an " answer " , but i am keeping the question and answer so that if anyone else has troubles , maybe theirs will also be resolved by " just waiting " .
if you have one of the supported phone models : there is an app called voodoo sound . voodoo sound in google 's play store downside : requires a custom kernel , only for supported phones ( see description in market ) the paid app comes without a requirement for a custom kernel ( but needs root ) voodoo sound plus both replace the audio codec 's driver and allow fine tuning and to turn on formerly unused chip features ( see description ) .
after some digging into google , i came across a software called backuptrans . the features listed include transfer sms between android and iphone , save sms from android/iphone onto local database on computer , restore sms from local database to android/iphone and many more . i do not have an iphone to check this software . this seems pretty good . the work steps are as simple as importing from iphone to the computer and exporting to the android device . more details with screenshots can be found here the only downer for this solution is that you have to pay some cash ( a minimum of $29.95 ) to use it fully . since you are not comfortable with isms2droid ( iphone sms import ) , this seems to be the best option available . on an additional note , isms2droid is worth trying before you buy backuptrans .
the expected behaviour has to be provided by the application rather than not from android services . i have not used rmaps , but i use trekbuddy which also uses offline map tiles created by mobac . the working nature of the mobac and hence these apps which depends on mobac does provide offline map tile in layers . either zoom level can be stored in a layer or different map types like satellite image , terrain , normal map etc can be in stored in each layer . when i create offline maps i create them in various zoom levels say ( from 15 to 10 ) each in seperate layer as shown : the apps like rmaps and trekbuddy shows only one layer at a time . to simulate zooming , one has to load the layer with higher zoom level . say for example , if i am presently viewing a map in zoom level 10 , in order to zoom , i should load layer for zoom level 11 or higher . to ease this operation , trekbuddy has a feature called easy zoom , with which ( once configured properly ) , once can zoom with volume rocker keys . pressing volume up will zoom up and pressing volume down will zoom down . however as expected this feature intervened with actual volume up and down feature and hence it was reported to work in few phones only ( not working in mine - a lg optimus one running andorid 2.3.3/cm10 ) .
yes , there is no reason you could not do this on android . but you had have to modify the app to generate the scaled tiles on-the-fly : it would certainly be fast enough on a recent phone with a good gpu . i do not believe there is already an app that does this : satellite maps are so large that wanting to use them offline is an unusual use case .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
viber does not provide facility to delete or remove member from group even if your are group admin . only option is you leave and delete group and recreate the group without that member . sorry
just tap and hold the name which u want to delete , a recycle icon will appear , then recycle it that it
another option not involving too many buttons would be " voice control " . for this , i can recommend you a combination of tasker and the autovoice addon on the software side , and a common bluetooth headset on the hardware side . using the bluetooth headsets button , you can activate autovoice , then speak your command , and tasker would execute it . due to the versatility of tasker , this gives you almost unlimited possibilities to control your device ( and everything connected to it ) – if you miss one specific feature , chances are very high there is another tasker addon adding exactly that . i am a long-time tasker user , and cannot imagine doing without it anymore . i also tried autovoice , and must say it works great . you can even use " casual phrasing " and have it " matching for wildcards " – so it e.g. would not matter whether you say " tv on " , or " turn the tv on " , or even " turn the tv screen on" ; setup correctly , autovoice would check for " tv . . on " , and act accordingly . ( sorry for the strange example , but that is about what i did , integrating it with my home equipment ; ) one possible " handicap " here : as autovoice relies on google voice , it would need a network connection to work . but the big plus : nothing to carry in your hands : )
it sounds like what you want is a presentation clicker . this is a small device used by speakers to control slides during their talk . usually it uses bluetooth hid profile , and is visible to the host device as a keyboard or mouse . alternatively , you might already have a bluetooth game controller ( such as a playstation controller ) . android has support for these built-in . there are also wired usb presentation clickers , and usb game controllers . if your device supports usb-on-the-go , you can use one of these .
you will struggle to get a sim card that is not on a contract in japan . even then , it is really hard if you do not have a japanese passport . the best option i am aware of would be to get a sim from www.mobalnarita.com. disable data on your phone and use wifi only . data charges in japan are really expensive .
sim-locked phones need to be unlocked for use on other carriers . almost every phone you get will be sim-locked . the most easily unlocked phones i know of are the galaxy s line . the only other thing you need to check is the radio frequency bands used by the device and the carrier . if they match , you are in luck . " quad-band " devices should work on every gsm network .
you can use a new dialer which supports this . i have tried swipe dialer free and it does this ( you get the same icon for all outgoing calls whether they were answered or not but for the un-answered call , you will have " not answered " mentioned " p.s. - if your dialer shows the duration of call then i think for non-answered outgoing calls , it will show "0m 0s " . all other calls will have different durations . so , you can differentiate between them ( if this is what your purpose is ) .
beneath those tiles will be a simple list labeled " frequently contacted " , and they are listed with a much smaller photo ( if one exists ) . so , as you use the phone , it will automatically build that list up for you of the people you contact the most . otherwise , there is not a way to change the layout of the app . even if you were to create a contact group for those contacts , the group contact display uses the same sort of large photos . your other option would be a third-party app .
thumbnail cache check the .thumbnails directory in sdcard/DCIM (Digital Camera IMages)/ notice that it is a hidden directory and only visible with certain file managers with the option to view hidden files . this directory stores a lot of thumbnail data especially in the form of two large binary files . play music ( if you are using it ) play music caches your songs so Settings &gt; Clear Cache . app data left behind delete some app data cache left behind by uninstalled apps from sdcard/ and sdcard/Andorid/data . even apps such as chrome , maps , youtube leave a lot of cached files in sdcard/Andorid/data . clean those apps cache from sdcard/Andorid/data . storage space install diskusage and check your devices storage by detail . diskusage provides a way to find files and directories on storage card which consume a lot of space . after pinpointing down apps and files that consume a lot of storage with diskusage . simply deleting those files and going into Settings &gt; Apps selecting and cleaning those apps would prove sufficient .
you have go into the settings then enable video calling .
the official skype app currently does not support video on nvidia tegra 2 chipsets , according to their faq : * this specifically does not include some tablets that use the tegra 2 chipset ( e . g . android tablets and motorola atrix do not support video calling ) . from what i read on various forums , a test version that does work on honeycomb tablets sporting tegra 2 has been seen floating around in youtube videos , so it should be coming to official channels shortly .
although infuse 4g is not officially supported by cyanogenmod yet , there are quite a few gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) based roms for it available on xda developers forums . an unofficial port of cm7 is currently under development for infuse 4g . if you are feeling adventurous , and are somewhat knowledgeable in linux , you can compile your own version of it from latest sources , as described here .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
you can not , wifi direct is for peer to peer wifi connection only , like paring with buetooth . your pc is not set up to do this kind of direct connection . so the answer is " no " . your question is mixed , what did you use to create the ad-hoc network ? what was the route that would allow you to brwose the web ? you can use an htc one x to create a wifi hotspot for the pc to connect to , but not the other way around . it is really confusing question .
you may want to talk to your carrier about your phone or service because data is separate from voice ( if you are not on a cdma network ) . voice is using gsm/umts and data is hspa . your data network usage should never interrupt your voice call , even if you use cdma . the voice should take priority and stop the data usage to make the call . there is either an issue with the network you are on , or the phone .
as sachin correctly states : if you want to immediately execute any action , the barcode scanner will become the background app -- and your auto [ mat ] is moved into a garage . if on the other side you want to batch-collect barcodes for later processing : this is possible . the well-known barcode scanner offered for free by the zxing-team provides a " bulk scan mode " , in which all scanned barcodes will just be stored for later export in e.g. .csv format . you can read more about this in an article on using android smartphone to mass import books .
astro file manager can help you with this , just install it and run it once , then you can add folders by long-pressing the desktop , selecting more and tapping astro . it will let you browse folders and one can be selected by long-pressing it .
there might be a problem with your micro-usb connector i.e. the place where you connect the charger to the phone . some times the pins present there bend out of place and so this can happen . take your phone for a repair .
you can add more than single account in android email app ( hope you know how ) . when you are inbox you at top you can find a drop down list with all your accounts names . you can choose one which you want to sent mail from . then just compose that mail and send it .
why not change the account name ? note : this is for email 4.2 . instead of having something like geffchang , change it to geffchang@email.com . in the email app : Settings &gt; Added accounts: [account] &gt; Common settings: More settings &gt; Account name .
i am afraid you can not senarvi , it is a fairly basic setting left out by the android developers to push people towards using a gmail account . you can setup the gmail account to ' pull ' email from another and also send using a different address ( set these up online , rather than through the device ) .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
it could be referring to usb debug mode . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development to turn that off .
no . best thing to do would be to read a book on development ; offline reading of pdf files or saved web pages or rss feeds . perhaps , if you feel there is a gap in the market here you could write this game yourself ! i can not help feeling that perhaps buying a book is the best option , however . in the past i have spent some time working through these little puzzles : http://www.gimpel.com/html/bugs.htm i guess you could save some of those for offline reading .
possibly a little low-brow for your needs , but there are a couple of logo implementations on the market , such as turtle graphics . as i say , a bit simplistic , but you can at least mess about with loops and so on , and get some pretty pictures as a bonus . . .
you could try using anki it is a free spaced repetition app , so it is not exactly a game , but it is a way of learning that is more interactive than just reading . what it does is act like flash cards for your phone , although you can download the flash cards other people have created . there are quite a few programming related " shared decks " that you can download ( with decks being collections of the anki flashcards ) such as python , c , java , c# .
even on sprint , lte will be supported through new devices , just like on all the other carriers . wimax is a different technology . because they are both called 4g is irrelevant . hspa+ is called 4g , too , and is also not the same as lte ( or wimax ) ,
the htc evo does not contain any lte hardware , so it wont work
i found the easiest way to do this was with the application color wallpaper . all the possible colors selectable from a menu , and i have not changed the color in months . you can set it and forget it . even uninstall after setting , if that is your wish . disclaimer : i am not the developer of this application , just a satified user - for years .
came across another cool app , it is called hexa time . you can try it .
flashing a new ( or old , for that matter ) rom will fix your problem . that is why they say to back things up before you mess with them ; )
if you are only missing that one file , you could try using my copy of it : http://www.freesoft.org/bbaccala/wpa_supplicant i am running 4.1.2 , but i will bet it'll work .
this use case now have an obvious long term solution:  android beam/nfc . not many devices supports nfc yet though , so there is still necessity for other techniques .
i have myself worked on similar project in which not just text messages we were also interested in having audio chat ( real time ) . as you pointed it , android does not really support ad-hoc wifi functionality as of now ( like u said that patching the wpa_suplicant is not generic and frankly i would call that method useless . ) also as your needs even i wanted to not use internet , so not being able to find any other way , for that time i just went with using any local wifi connection in proximity to connect with ( just to be clear , still we are not using internet ) i hope this possibly answers your points 1/2/3 . i am not sure whether a better solution to 1/2/3 exist atleast as long as android people does not allow an ad-hoc to be created ( or atleast joined . . as of now one can not even join ad-hoc wifi from android if i am correct ) regarding 4 , i am again sorry to say that answer to that is also ' no ' . when two devices connect first time , pairing has to happen . and , as far as i remember ( i did this project a few months back and did not get any time to continue/build upon ) for subsequent connections to already paired devices it did not ask for any confirmation besides our own confirmation which we asked to accept incoming voice call . other than that bluetooth method actually worked perfectly fine . hope that helped . let me know if there is something i can clarify more . -atul
choosing the google installer option will verify the application with google before installing . choosing the package installer option will install the application as is . since i like to be safe , i installed avg antivirus from the play store . a third option will be to scan the package for viruses before installing .
you did not do a factory reset then , but probably a soft reset . to perform a factory reset from the home screen press menu > settings > sd card and phone storage > factory data reset > reset phone > erase everything . that should take you back to square one . reply back with a comment if not . update : boot into the bootloader : completely power off the deivce . then hold down the back button and press the power/end call button to restart your phone . keep the back button held down till the bootloader menu appears . from here do you have an option to wipe , reset , or factory reset ( or something along those lines ) ? if so try it .
the sensor is always on , so there is no higher risk of damage if an app uses it .
sensor by default is never always on . only when needed . good assumption . if it damages it , i do not know .
no , you would need an application like " where 's my droid " installed on the device and know the phone number for the device . if you sold the device , the new owner probably did a factory reset on the device so your information is no longer associated to the device . in the future , before you sell your device , you should go in and do a factory reset so you are not giving the device away with any of your information . i want to add my opinion on these apps that claim to help you find your device ( including " where 's my droid" ) if it is lost or stolen . they are great if you lost your phone in your house ( or somewhere " safe" ) but if you lost it at like a bar or if someone actually stole it , chances are you will not even be able to use this software . a factory reset can be done on any device rather quickly , which would remove your " locating software " and remove any " tie " that your accounts may have to the device . also , they require the device be on , so if someone does steal your phone , all they have to do is turn it off , and when they have a chance , do a factory reset . my best advice i can give you is to remember that these are ~$600 devices ( what you will pay off contract , or for a replacement ) so treat it like it is a ~$600 device and do not leave it laying around . i am not saying that i would ever take someones phone or anything , but i could have the device factory reset by the time i got to the door to leave . it is as easy as Menu -> Settings -> Privacy -> Factory Data Reset .
there is also the utrack feature by samsung for those purposes on s g y . but it needs to be prepared , which seems to be not the case here .
as ryan conrad already pointed out , the new owner probably did a factory reset when they bought the device . however , it is indeed possible to locate it if it is still connected to the account , with an application such as lookout 's plan b . according to its description , it can be downloaded from the android market online directly to the device ( if still connected to your google account ) and would upon installation send an email to your email address . disclaimer : i do not in any way , shape or form actually encourage you to do something like this , and though i assuming you asked this as a hypothetical question , i can not understate that this is ethically wrong to do , and possibly also illegal in some areas without the owner 's consent .
one has to delete the gallery user settings get the choice for the import back .
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
yes , it is ok to flash stock rom from another country . but , take note that it may have different languages , and a different baseband/modem . having a different baseband can cause network issues ( or a very hot phone ) , but you can flash a baseband that works for your country .
yes , go to your profile in viber " you " at the bottom of page , go to " market sticker " at the top right corner , you see " settings " select it , and you can " on/off " your stickers . it is as simple ! : )
from the viber product page : can i delete sticker packages ? once you have downloaded a sticker package , it will remain on your device . however , you have the option of disabling sticker packages that you do not want displayed in your sticker menu . ​ enter the sticker market select the gear icon uncheck the box next to the packages you do not want to displayed in your sticker menu
best option is to request the desktop website on your google chrome browser . ( make sure you have the check box checked on your browser setting . just tap the menu button to the left of your home button on your phone ) . now go to google.com/imghp and you have the look and feel of the website like you had expect it on your computer .
google seems to block some webbrowsers/versions from search with image . if you change useragent string in your browser settings to firefox/4 ( or anything more than 3 ) google show you the camera-icon so you can search with a image again like was possible before . ( firefox have this setting under general . useragent . extra . firefox in about:config your phones browser might have it somewhere else )
have you tried using google goggles instead ? this is google 's app for doing a reverse image search using a camera . make sure to enable Search from Camera . you can also use an existing picture in your gallery . open settings ( circle button at lower right ) , then click the icon that looks like a mountain with an arrow ( 2nd button from left ) .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
that very much depends on a ) where exactly the photos are stored , and b ) how the factory-reset is implemented on the device . as you can find out via the factory-reset tag 's tag wiki ( just hover your mouse over a tag and select the ' info ' link to access its wiki ) , a factory reset will remove all your data and the apps you have installed . it usually does not touch the sdcard ( external or internal ) . still : if you have the possibility ( and your question does not seem to imply trouble booting your device into normal mode ) , why not copying everything you are concerned about ( and which you can access ) to another device , such as your computer , before doing the factory-reset ? with that , you would be on the safe side .
early this year , arrived for android : air display by avatron software available for 3,79€ in google play . android 2.3.3 and up .
not to my knowledge . both of those solutions you have listed appear to use vnc as the service .
idisplay is now available for android . there is a review on androidcommunity . com us$4.99 in google play .
we have here two situations colliding . for wireless-tether to have worked in the first place , it means that you were rooted . it is typical behavior of ota updates to remove root access . you must re-root your device in order to ensure that wireless-tether will work properly again . the root access portion of wireless-tether is what helps it work its magic that prevents that verizon hijack page from coming up .
the droid x has a similar issue with this , make sure that you set the device profile to droid 2 in wifi tether . this is a setting that was added in the wifi tether 3.0+ versions .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
latify in the play store does the trick .
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
assuming that you have not changed the default triggers for the app , you can simply text your phone from another device with : findme to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location ringaloud to get your phone to send you gps information about it is location and to ring out loud at full volume . sourced from their instructions page .
if gps accuracy is enough for you , plan b is just what you need . you can remotely install it via the play store web interface and it activates automatically , sending the phone 's coordinates to your primary google account . however , it can not play sounds on your device to help you narrow the location further .
please reboot your device . once you have rebooted , the music will show up in your music app . when you boot , android searched all sd cards for media , and then adds it to the media database , so that media apps can use it . please reboot , and the music will then show in your music player . if you have already rebooted , then please clear the data for the following apps : media storage music ( or music player , or media player ) if that still does not work , then copy the music direct to the music folder of the sd card that is in your device . final thing - android does not support all music formats . if the file is in a format android does not support , then it will not show in the music app .
as i said in my comment , you should be able to flash using odin . i am not sure it works through a vm though , so perhaps you might have better luck with heimdall . basically , you need to get the appropriate firmware for your device from here ( signup required ) . then , shut down your device and boot it while holding volume down + power . once the tablet enters download mode , connect it to a pc . if using odin , the file you downloaded goes into the pda box . i am not too sure about heimdall , but it looks like the downloaded file goes into the " heimdall firmware package " box . then click " start " in odin and wait for your device to reboot . at this point , the tablet should boot into android .
i have noticed the same thing . it appears the latest facebook updates have actually removed the feature as there is no setting in the app for the lockscreen .
you would need to enable usb host mode on your xoom . google this for some more details on this - you will need a rooted xoom ; there will also be links to usb otg ( on the go ) cables that will let you use this ( most of them seem to be micro-usb to usb female , into which you would then need to plug your normal usb cable ) . i do not know if this usb otg configuration would actually charge your phone - some usb otg do not provide power at all . copying files would work on this really easily ( i think that is what it is generally been done for ) , but network may be a little trickier - it would rely on the xoom having the usb network drivers for your n1 , which it might not ( in that case you had need to compile the drivers/kernel modules for your xoom , where it starts to get messy :-/ )
if you have tasker , you can use it to adjust your media volume based on proximity to a wifi network and many other conditions . i have mine configured to set the media volume to 1 when in range of the office wifi ( as well as setting the ringer volume to an appropriate level , etc . ) . you can also configure gestures as triggers , but i have not tried this .
in jellybean , when you hit the hardware volume keys , a slider pops up with a settings icon next to it . tapping on this icon allows you to change the media volume : click image to view larger version
i use the audio manager app for this . it allows you to control all the different volumes -- call , media , notifications , etc .
you can go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volume and turn down the media volume all the way to 0 . i used automateit to mute media sound unless the earphone is plugged . a hack that i used to do is to just cover up the speaker hole until i can turn down the volume .
is the video player you are referring to is rockplayer ? there is an app know cpu for rockplayer that lets you check that .
i do not know of a way to differentiate between various versions of armv6 processors , but i can recommend a good media player . try moboplayer on your huawei u8150 and see if it plays your media . they also have various codec packages for better compatibility , but again i have no idea to tell which specific type is in a given handset .
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
see this related question on our sister site for programming questions , stack overflow
generally its better to get one that matches the brand . however it is the same technology so it may work . ask about the return policy to make sure you can return it in case it does not work . you should be fine , though i cant say with 100% certainty .
be careful - i have tried this this week and was unsuccessful . i bought a samsung galaxy s3/4/note etc mhl cable thinking they were all the same and the micro usb is longer than normal . it would not fit in my nexus 7 or my htc one x .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
this is expected behaviour . the screen turns off during a call to prevent you from accidentally pressing on the screen . i do not know if it possible to turn this off without rooting . it seems on some samsung firmwares there is an option within the phone app but if you have checked there then i do not think it is possible .
you should try skype , the best way to achieve video calls over the phone , free and easy to use
skype and hangouts should work . there are probably other apps too , but you can google them yourself
i do not know about scrolling smoothly , but if you tap the bottom of the screen as you are reading it automatically scrolls up or to the next page as appropriate .
i just received an email from the developer , don choi . citing it here in its entirety as an answer : the continuous scroll feature is in our big to-do list . it will eventually implemented later . we do not have a open forum . however , http://www.facebook.com/ezpdf is a good start . so more nifty things are on their way for this application .
screen shot of emulator : firstly start the emulator then go to the ddms please select the emulator then left side we have button screen capture click this button screen shot is taken .
check Settings → Wireless &amp; networks → More → Mobile networks → Data enabled to enable it see user guide
no , using a file manager will not invalidate your warranty . rooting often will though . on my phone , i personally use astro file manager . if you want a solution to manage all your files from the desktop , our company produces a solution called snappea . it is an easy way to manage contacts , apps , music , and videos from your windows desktop .
you can also use this file manager . this is a good app to browse your files . some features as given in playstore are as follows:- 3 sets of commercial icons for 80+ different file types , toolbar and menu items multiple resolution support support 19 languages cut , copy , paste and cancellable progress dialog list and grid view for file browsing compress and decompress support search and share files multiple selection and sorting support support both local and remote ( lan/smb ) file systems play streaming media from lan without download thumbnail for photo , pictures and apk files support file shortcut on home screen for easily access root explorer for rooted devices built-in text editor , image gallery and swf player
no , you will not invalidate your warranty . * keep in mind that root explorer requires root , though , and rooting will invalidate your warranty . i personally love root explorer , so i recommend the non-root version : explorer . * i have not read your warranty , but i have never heard of a condition that bizarre . this is not legal advice ; i am not a lawyer .
the best explorer in my point of view is mobilego . it has a message sending feature and card no need to download any explorer . http://www.wondershare.com/android-manager/
in ics , persist.service.adb.enable=0 has been replaced by persist.sys.usb.config=mass_storage , so you if you want to eanble adb , you can setprop persist.sys.usb.config=mass_storage,adb
according to the official android documentation , another way to get this value is to use the getprop command . ( link takes you to search results for getprop . ) i have not tested this . i am assuming you want to also set this value , not just get it ? you can use the command line on the phone to do so . ( disclaimer : i have only tried this in donut , froyo , and gingerbread . ) setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 this is the usb debugging setting ; you can also just turn on usb debugging .
this is a feature of cdma ( standardized in is-95 ) and is called voice privacy . see an analysis of is-95 cdma voice privacy by m . zhang , et al . from 2000 , free download here citation ( the real paper begins at p . 10 in the pdf : abstract . the voice privacy of is-95 cdma cellular system is analyzed in this paper . by exploiting information redundancy on the downlink traffic channel , it is shown that an eavesdropper can recover the voice privacy mask after eavesdropping the transmission on the downlink traf- fic channel for about one second . thus , is-95 cdma voice privacy is vulnerable under ciphertext-only attacks . that cryptanalysis is now 12 years old and already then was the scheme considered broken . i guess it is easy to suggest to just leave the setting disabled . by combining some information grepped from the android source , i am pretty sure it is what you are asking for . to make it a little more transparent here are some source references : packages/apps/phone/res/xml/cdma_call_privacy . xml defines : packages/apps/phone/res/values/strings . xml defines those strings : . /hardware/ril/include/telephony/ril . h defines also :
from the my htc evo 3d book : touch to enable voice privacy , which makes your evo 3d encrypt your phone calls . what is voice privacy ? when you enable voice privacy , your evo 3d starts encrypting your calls so nobody can eavesdrop on them . . . . by encrypting your phone calls between your evo 3d and the cell tower , you add an extra layer of protection on your calls just in case someone wants to try to listen in . for this feature to work , your cellular service provider must support it , otherwise enabling it on your evo 3d is useless .
voice privacy is something that is part of cdma . i found this article that talks a little bit about it in the introduction . voice privacy of is-95 cdma is provided by means of the long code mask . the long code mask is not transmitted through any channel , it is constructedby the base station and the mobile station . to recover the long code sequence , the eavesdropper may exhaustively search the 42-bit long code mask , with atime complexity of o ( 2 42 ) . this attack is viable but is hard to implement inreal time . alternatively , it can be shown that the long code sequence can also be recovered if the eavesdropper can obtain 42 bits of plaintext-ciphertext pairs . as there are many mobile stations transmitting simultaneously on the tra cchannel and each mobile station only transmits approximately 3 minutes onthe average , it is rather di cult to obtain 42 bits of the plaintext message . i have also found a couple posts that talk about how sprint did studies that said it is not really any more secure , unless your eavesdropper has tons of money to spend on decrypting your call . actually , voice privacy on cdma is an added layer of voice encryption . sprint did some independent research ( i have heard quotes as big as a million dollars worth ) and determined that cdma without voice privacy is just as secure ( unless you have got a million dollars worth of financing to break into an individual phone call ) . . . in other words , turn the feature off , and do not worry about it .
here is the solution : get sure that u have enough free space in your internal memory . update your samsung kies . if you had connection problem with usb , download samsung mobile usb device : http://samsung-mobile-usb-device-1-0.soft32.com/ right click on samsung kies use compatibility mode ( windows pack 3 ) > before you start updating : go to your mobile and turn off music , wifi , bluetoot , gps . . as well . start updating .
i had the same problem , did everything i could think of . finally last night , i decided to try something different . i ran kies in " compatibility mode for xp sp3" it took forever , left the phone plugged in while i went to bed , woke up this morning with 4.1 finally on it . i run a windows 7 premium home 64bit . not sure if this will help with everyone 's problems with kies but hopefully it will help a few people . it is worth a try . my phone is a galaxy s iii from at and t . to change to " compatibility mode " do the following : go to C:\ drive , right click and click on `explore ' . go to \Program Files x86 , look for Samsung then right click on that folder . click on Properties then click the Compatibility tab and choose XP SP3 if you are given the option , select Run as administrator . i really hope this helps everyone else as it has me .
just run the kies with administrator permission . for windows 7 right click on the " samsung kies " or the " samsung kies ( lite ) " version and select " run as administrator "
same problem for me ( sgs2 i777 ) on windows 7 64bits : i could fix it by going to control panel => programs => programs and features . there is an option called run programs made for previous versions of windows : click on it , follow the steps , troubleshooting will start and a list of programs will appear , once the list is populated select samsung kies lite and select troubleshoot program , select start from there .
this is only due to the less memory on phone . try to uninstall some applications and media file from phone memory . automatically it will work .
i had a similar problem with the previous version of kies . every time i started kies ( with or without the phone connected ) kies would show a message that some components needed to be updated , even though i had the latest version of kies . after selecting ok , kies would start the update process and after a while just close itself without any warning . i experimented a bit and i think the problem has something to do with rights on your computer . i noticed that kies does install the components update properly when run from the administrator account , but strangely not when run from another account even when you tell it to " run as administrator " . i thought the problem would be fixed after i ran it in the administrator account , but when i started kies again under my normal ( not administrator ) account , the update message appeared again , and again kies shut itself down during the update . after that i gave up and just selected " cancel " every time the update message appeared . i upgraded kies itself this morning to version 2.5.0.12104_15 and now the problem seems to be fixed . the update components message does not appear when i start kies , but i haven’t tried updating the phone’s firmware yet .
had the same problem with a samsung galaxy s . i persisted and left it plugged in while i went on to do something else . when i came back later on the phone screen was all blue and the pc went to sleep : the phone was bricked the app then says it needs to restore from an error but it freezed the same way it did on the initial update attempts . i managed to get kies working " properly " on a computer with more memory . but it did not unbrick my phone . so if it goes silent do not insist . you can try on an other computer but my advice is not to use kies . you can flash the stock roms used in kies with another application . ( if you need i will give more info when i get home ) .
on ubuntu , your device needs to be manually identified to the udev system : as root : create or edit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="0502\u2033, MODE="0666"  then : # chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules # restart udev udev start/running, process 3793  this works for my sidekick on my ubuntu 10.04 system .
im not able to mount but adb push/pull works . . . see this thread http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
it appears to be somewhat awkward in ics and jb to get this functionality , several methods in order to achieve it are discussed here . i will summarise/copy some of the better sounding ones ( i added the links ) : try audio control , it is by far the best volume management app in the google play store . there is both a notification and ringer volume for ics or jelly bean . if you are willing to pay then this app has " separate notification and ringer volumes for ics/jb devices " . google and download a silent mp3 , use profile manager or tasker to change notification sound to silence mp3 when required . or alternatively ( as the op points out in the comments ) use a low volume ringtone so you can still hear it . someone points out that for this method if you have custom notifications for different apps then they will not be silenced/lower volume , only apps that use the default system notification will be affected unless you update all of the notification sounds . another option is to use a profile switcher like tasker or setting profiles ( what i use ) and make two profiles : silent - profile set it to silence your ringer ring - profile to set your desired ringer volume now make a rule to trigger your " ring " profile based on incoming call condition . the condition could be a call from a specific person , or persons from particular groups in your address book . use the * wildcard if you want the condition to include calls from anyone . you can piggy back conditions so that , for example , you can add a time condition so the rule might only be activated at a certain time of day . so what you have now is 2 profiles , one that mutes all sounds ( thanks to ics ) and another that sets the ringer volume to a specific level . set the " ring " profile to have a higher priority , that way when they are both active at the same time , the " ring " takes precedence . combined with your condition , the result should be , all of your sounds are muted , but when a call comes in , it triggers the incoming call condition , triggers the " ring " profile , and both the mute and the ring profiles are active at the same time , and the ring profile will win . there might be a short delay , but it should not be noticeable . this would of course have the effect that certain calls will always ring and maybe sometimes you truly do want to silence your phone . to that , you will just make another profile , call it " true silent " for example , and have it silence everything and give it the highest priority ( or at least higher then the " ring " profile ) and then when you activate that profile , it will win over the others . both of these apps are again paid for applications however they have a grater functionality than audio control . tasker is a particularly great one . ringleader allows you to set up profiles that you can change any or all of your individual ringtones to silent in one click . it takes a while to configure . once you install it you have to set all of your ringtones and alerts again using the ringleader option for choosing alerts . if you set it as the default ringtone chooser option it simplifies the process . once you have reset each one they will shop up in the ringleader options list . in ringleader you then save a base profile . after you have a base profile saved you can edit all of the alert sounds individually through ringleader and save new profiles . i have three profiles . one is for normal use , one for phone calls only and one for silent . there is a simple widget available for switching them quickly . this is a free application however there is also a paid for version . someone else in the thread mentions this working for them however the actual notification volume can not be set separately , the notifications can only be silenced while still allowing the phone to ring . when googling around i did see people mention audio manager as a solution to this , however i have tested it out and although you can set the ring volume independently of the system volume as soon as someone rings you the volumes change to the same level , even if you use the app to lock the volumes .
you can use the app voluminator , it´s easy , and it works in all devices . note that you should have unchecked the ' use volume of ringtones for notifications ' checkbox , in adjust -> sound -> volume
downloaded sound profile a free app , and now notifications and ringtone are separate !
none of these apps seem to work with htc sense . i was forced to install cyanogenmod 10.1 custom rom which has this feature and is also based on jellybean .
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
sorry to say this but this facility is not there . . ! !
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
you could use the autostarts app to edit the end-phone-call event and remove your music app from the list of apps that get alerted on that event . i believe it requires root .
what you need is the headset blocker widget - install it and then put it up on your home screen as a widget and then toggle it on . now , whenever you unplug your headphones , the music player will stop playing . try it and see if it works . btw , meridian player has an in-built option to disallow resuming playback after a phone call .
i had this problem too . it was not related to any driver on the pc as it worked and stopped working at some point . the problem was on the android phone which for some reasons had some configuration problems . to solve that , dial *#7284# on your phone so that it launches the phoneutil application . then , switch to the usb -> pda mode on the phone . connect the usb cable ( toggle usb -> modem and then usb -> pda modes if it does not work the first time ) the details are explained in : how to repair the usb connection problem on android samsung phones
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
make sure your device is not connected to your pc . uninstall any drivers you currently have installed for it . reboot . install the appropriate drivers from this xda post ( supports more than galaxy s ) . install kies from samsung.com's galaxy 3 page . connect your device to your pc . this should work , but please note that when you root your phone you do so at your own risk . samsung does not support rooting .
just a thought based on what i experienced . i saw icons disappearing on an android tablet , when i move the apps to sd card or apps installed on sd card instead of internal default flash memory . are these apps installed on an external sd card ? if the sd card is not initialized when the home screen becomes active , they may not be available .
a complete article on vpn on htc desire is present on the htc europe portal . hope this will help you out . connecting to a virtual private network ( vpn ) from your phone , you can add , set up , and manage virtual private networks ( vpns ) that allow you to connect and access resources inside a secured local network , such as your corporate network . depending on the type of vpn you are using at work , you may be required to enter your login credentials and/or install security certificates before you can connect to your company’s local network . you can get this information from your network administrator . also , your phone must first establish a wi-fi or data connection before you can initiate a vpn connection . for information about setting up and using these connections on your phone , see data connection and wi-fi . setting up secure credential storage if your network administrator instructs you to download and install security certificates , you must first set up the phone’s secure credential storage . from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > security , and then tap set password . enter a new password for the credential storage ( at least 8 characters without any spaces ) . scroll down and confirm the password , and then tap ok . select the use secure credentials check box . you can then download and install the certificates needed to access your local network your network administrator can tell you how to do this . adding a vpn connection from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . tap add vpn , and then tap the type of vpn you want to add . tap the vpn settings and set them up according to the security details you obtained from your network administrator . press menu , and then tap save . the vpn is then added to the vpns section of the vpn settings screen . connecting to a vpn from the home screen , press menu , tap settings > wireless and networks > vpn settings . in the vpns section , tap the vpn that you want to connect to . when prompted , enter your log in credentials , and then tap connect . when you are connected , the vpn connected icon appears in the notification area of the title bar . you can then open the web browser to access resources such as intranet sites on your corporate network . disconnecting from a vpn press and hold the title bar , and then slide down your finger to open the notifications panel . tap the vpn connection to return to the vpn settings screen , and then tap the vpn connection to disconnect from it . when your phone has disconnected from the vpn , the vpn disconnected icon is displayed in the notification area of the title bar .
its nice , u have solved the issue , i got some useful hints when i faced the same trouble while debugging htc , i was unable to set well wifi due to wrong vpn configs and these were the steps that i followed to set well a new connection , tap the home icon , tap menu , and tap settings . tap wireless and networks . tap vpn settings tap add vpn select the type of vpn to add ( pptp , l2tp , l2tp/ipsec psk vpn , l2tp/ipsec crt vp ) enter vpn details such as vpn name , vpn server , etc setting up vpn well and debugging android os solved the issue . . this is original source where these steps to be found . . . . htc vpn setup thnx
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
whatsapp checks if there is a sim card installed at the time of boot . so as long as you have a sim card installed , it should not be a problem to your whatsapp account ( the old one ) i have switched sim cards and it has not affected my whatsapp account . the problem of verification arises when you boot your phone without a sim card .
you could move your phone number to your new sim card and just type it in whatsapp , i did that . whatsapp will ask you for your phone number and once you type it in it should let you log in without a problem . ( it worked for me ) .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
i am certainly sure that whatsapp does not open any listening ports . most isps block incoming requests , that would not work . whatsapp has a service . basically that means that technically you never quit whatsapp . so , the way you receive messages while you are " not running " whatsapp is the exact same way you receive them when you are running it . the client , in this case whatsapp , connects to the server . the client maintains that connection . when the server has something new to say , it sends it to the client via that connection , and that is all . your first guess is correct . whatsapp has no true log out mechanism , see this . whatsapp does not have a logout mechanism . the application is designed to always be connected so that you receive your messages quickly , even when you are not actively using your phone . this is similar to how sms works and allows whatsapp messages to be delivered almost instantly .
their faq suggests they use gcm . check the answer to " are messages still taking too long to reach your phone ? "
ics has ipv6 support , but only on mobile data networks ; it is somewhere between buggy and nonfunctional on wi-fi . issue 3389 lists a wide variety of android ipv6 bugs . your issue is probably among them . i have been using ipv6 successfully on my verizon droid razr maxx since i got it almost a year ago , on ics . works great on 4g lte . no idea what jelly bean does on wi-fi since i have not gotten around to redoing my home network to bring ipv6 into every subnet yet . . . when i do , i will be sure to update this .
one way to do this would be to use something like sms backup+ which syncs your sms and mms messages to a particular tag in gmail . you could then use normal gmail filtering to see your outgoing messages .
check out sms composer - it has non-threaded inbox and sent message views which i believe is what you are looking for . also , it is freeware .
i am able to receive reset links despite having logged in today , yesterday and pretty much every day . however you should be able to access your account on your phone ( as it will use your login details to sign in to chrome ) then use that to add your phone number to your account . then pick reset my password with my phone which will send an sms to your phone .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
unless the google play version is designed to work with sprint 's network , i do not think there is a process to do so . however , there is good news . first , nexus devices ( even from the carrier ) tend to be mostly to entirely bloat free . for example , the verizon nexus 7 2013 is completely stock . verizon loves to put bloat on their devices too . . . second , even if there is bloat on it , it should be very simple to root and remove the bloat . in the process , you will have to wipe your data , so if you want to use that option , you will want to do it right when you get the phone . . .
try downloading via wifi . i had this issue recently , same phone . tried a few times ; both on pc and on the device itself each failed . i realized wifi was off ( mobile data only ) . i turned wifi on and the file downloaded first go .
log into google play store ( via browser ) scroll to the bottom of the page and locate " my orders and settings " click on the settings tab assign a " nickname " to your phone check " shown in menus " save settings return to the play store and download apps . this worked for me .
i am looking for documentation to back this up , but in my experimentation the " default " phone number for a contact is what is used with voice commands if you do not define a phone " type " . so , if i have three phone numbers for john smith , if i just use the command Call John Smith the default phone number will be used . otherwise , i need to use Call John Smith home or Call John Smith mobile . it is also used if , when looking at a list of contacts , you tap the phone icon next to the contact 's name . it will use the default phone number ( if defined ) .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
check the tables of supported countries on wikipedia . most likely , street view is not yet available where you live .
it may take a couple of second for the street view button to become enabled . just leave the button for up to half a minute ?
i recommend reading up the nookdevs wiki , and specifically the section about rooting . it is a very straight-forward process that is completely reversible . to answer your questions : if the rooting process fails , you can always boot from the sd card and start over . there is an official b and n 1.1 stock image floating around that can be used to bring your nook color back to its original state at any time . you can run a custom rom entirely off the sd card . the nc will run a bit slower ( depends on the speed of the sd card ) , but you will be able to retain the original firmware . just remove the card and it will boot normally . you can install a custom rom onto the internal memory , overwriting the stock image . the nook will run faster this way . there are also ways to re-map the internal partitions and set up dual-boot , so that you could run both original firmware and a custom rom from internal memory . a prompt during power-up will allow you to select which rom to boot into .
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
i am not sure i entirely understood the scenario you are describing , but a similar function to right-click-> bookmark on android would be to do a long press on the link , then choose bookmark link . this should bookmark the link as it exists on the page , regardless of where it eventually sends you .
i do not see a " bookmark link " option on 3.1 honeycomb 's browser . an alternative would be to : copy the url link by long pressing the link you need to bookmark and choose " copy link url " create a new bookmark by clicking on the star on the location bar on any page replace the label and location in the new bookmark options with the url you just copied and the title of the page you need to bookmark
first thing to try is to clear the data and cache for both apps and their storage ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications ) and then re-sync ( possibly in the app , or in Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync ) .
the nexus s uses a traditional sim card slot , but you should be able to do this provided that you get a proper micro-sim to sim adapter . here 's what i got from a quick google search , and as you can see they are relatively inexpensive . also be aware that the nexus s will not have 3g capability on the at and t network , as i explained in this question . this may or may not matter to you , of course .
this site describes how to get access to the serial console on the nexus s , which is really the only way of debugging boot problems . it is not for the faint-hearted , though : you need a uart-to-usb module , with resistors connected across certain pins , all connected to your phone . if you screw it up you will blow up the phone . the same information 's also mirrored here , in case the first site should disappear . btw , if you had tried asking this on stack overflow instead of here , you had have found this duplicate question which has the same link i just found :- )
since google now is not actually available in my country , i did some looking around , and found this " hack " in a blog : http://thenepalidroidguy.blogspot.com/2014/02/how-to-enable-google-now_6.html in case that the link dies , these are the steps described there : make sure you have an active internet connection and follow all the steps below carefully . step 1: turn on airplane mode in your device . now turn on wifi and connect it to your wifi network . step 2: go to settings> location and switch to " device only " mode step 3: install this app from playstore ( fake gps - fake location ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fakegps.mock step 4: open the app and set the location to " miami " ( i chose miami but you can select any other places in the usa which would get guaranteed google now support ) . it might ask you to enable mock location first , do that from the developer options in the settings . now go back to the fake gps app and set the location to miami by searching miami and hitting play icon on the bottom . step 5: go to settings and tap in " google " under accounts . then select " search " . go to accounts and privacy> google account and sign out . step 6: go to settings> apps> all and look for google play services . tap on it and disable it . it may ask you to uninstall updates and restore to factory version , do it . you might have to deactivate google play services form the device administrator first . step 7: go to settings and tap in " google " under accounts . then select " search " . go to accounts and privacy> google account and sign in to your google account . step 8: google now setup screen should come up . select i am in . ( it is obvious ) . step 9: now it may prompt you to re-enable google play services , do it and an update might be available for google play services , update it from playstore . then turn off airplane mode . uninstall fake gps app and choose the location service mode of your choice under settings> location . step 10: you did it . enjoy google now !
well , i will be damned . it seems that google now refuses to run on a rooted device , but it just does not say so . the vendor had installed an app to enable rooting of the device . i would played around with it , but root access was disabled after the first upgrade of miui . i did not really miss root access , to be honest , so it let it be . ziggo ( my cable tv provider ) 's tv-watching app did refuse to let me watch tv , though , because it claimed that i was not using " an original operating system " . recently , i tried uninstalling the ( chinese ) root manager app -- i can not read chinese anyway . uninstalling turned out to be impossible , but after clicking around a bit , and disabling most things i saw , suddenly google now became available ! and ziggo suddenly allowed me to watch tv on my device ! so apparently , google now refuses to run on a rooted device ! ziggo 's tv-watching app was more honest : at least it told me it refused to operate on a rooted device . .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
basically the error while retrieving information from server is due to the problem with the play store ( settings might be invalid or some another issue with the play store ) on your device . you can easily solve the problem with the following steps 1 ) go to " settings"> applications 2 ) tap manage applications> select " all " 3 ) scroll to google play store and tap it . 4 ) tap force stop> ok > clear data > and tap " ok " . 5 ) tap the back button to get back to the applications list> tap google service framework from the list 6 ) tap force stop> ok> tap clear data> tap " ok " . 7 ) now power off wait for few while and reboot the device , try installing it now it should solve the problem . note :-please follow the correct sequence of force stop and then clear data in order to solve your problem
it has one major feature , at least on my phone , i can not watch playlists on the site , but i can from the app . i find that it loads faster and it is interface is much easier to use .
you should not lose any viewing features . the youtube application is simply a way to make it easier to view and search , without having to load the entire html pages . probably the only feature you would not be able to take advantage of ( and i do not know this for sure ) is uploading . you can use the youtube app to upload videos you have taken to your own youtube account . and like i said , you might be able to do this through the browser , but the app is just a way to make it easier . simplification is key .
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
if you know what you are doing , rooting and flashing a custom rom can help . rooting it will allow you to delete some " system " apps that you do not need , and give you access to more control over your cpu , and some roms have ways to help save battery . my sister was forced to get a droid 2 global after two faulty replacements of her original droid 1 which she loved , and she hated the global . had problems with battery and the way it was set up and everything . so i rooted it for her and flashed a new rom , and she got an extended battery ( very useful suggestion ) , and now she loves it . but as rooting voids your warranty , i would not try it if you do not need to or do not know exactly what you are doing .
yes , because you need to have root in order to install a recovery ; which you will , in turn , use to flash cyanogenmod .
the android os is supposed to do this automatically for you unless the device is powered down or rebooted incorrectly ( eg . removing the battery ) . ive never heard of files being doubled on an sd card after rebooting before . i would suggest trying a different rom since your phone is rooted .
if files are being doubled , why are you asking about safe unmounting ? problems caused by no safe unmounting are file system corruption , data loss etc . files are not doubled by it . i have not heard of such type of problem before . its possible that an app or a shell script is doubling files at the time of boot . to pin-point the problem , turn off the device , remove the sdcard and check with pc that files are doubled or not . if files are doubled , it means something is doing this at time of shut down . do this : turn off device by pulling out battery and then boot . tell me the result .
as per oxford : top grossing means earning more money than other similar things or people . but as per google app store it may refer to : top-grossing = sum of all revenue generated from the purchase of the app + sum of all in-app purchases it also means that app listed in top grossing lists holds people 's attention for the most time . so even if an app is free but still if it is getting downloaded the most then it will feature in this list . also many of the free versions apps like angry birds , cut the rope etc . provide in app purchase ability i.e. you do not need to bye a paid version but to access more features you have to pay some amounts which ultimately boost 's apps revenue and ranks app higher in list .
on the g2 goto settings : about phone : software information : click build number 5 times . go back and choose development settings enable usb debugging
the user44860 answer is almost correct . goto settings , about phone , software information : click build number 7 times . you should see a message saying that now you are a developer . so , you can go back and enabe usb debugging in the development settings . maybe you have to detach the usb cable , enable the debug and re-plug the usb cable .
try another usb2 cable . i had the same issues with the s2 after a while it gives me unknown device , even if before was known . try another cable and see if is being recognized . as well it has to be on mtp ( media device ) and not ptp ( camera ) . also you could try another thing : while your phone is connected disable debugging mode and enable it back . also could try restarting your adb .
i found the solution : assuming you have debugging mode enabled , you have to change the usb settings to internet connection : modem or ethernet . keeping it on charge phone , media sync , or camera does not enable debugging .
when you have any keyboard open to enter text into an app , you should see a keyboard icon among the notifications . click this to open the input method chooser , then select anysoftkeyboard from the list . the checkboxes in the language and keyboard settings only control which keyboards appear in this list .
galaxy tab 2 is not bootloader-locked . you can directly flash the images . just write the partition name and drag the file in command-line using heimdall .
you are trying to root/flash a custom rom to a verizon gt2 but i see gt2 3100 in the code . you are not using the correct odin files . i am no expert but i know the verizon tab is different from the wifi tab . luckily you did not lock it up .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
i use " autoit " make script and auto convert ( print ) to pdf .
try editing /system/build . prop and change default item to the files you just added . this should fix the no sound issue .
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
there is a way to solve your issue . turn on imap from gmail 's settings and then add it as an imap account in android 's default email app or k-9 mail ( etc . ) . then the play store can not see it .
there are two methods you can use to adjust the vibration duration : system configuration tap your device " home " button ; tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " sound" ; use " vibration intensity " to adjust the duration . this may not be available for all devices/android versions custom application there are a few applications available from google play store that you can use to adjust vibration timers . vibration notifier by j4velin allows you to set a vibrate interval and additionally alows you to specify the duration of each vibration : let your device vibrate every x min . when you missed a call / received an email
to answer the original question , according to google 's official post , maps on the phone take real time traffic conditions into account when calculating directions . this could explain the discrepancies between the directions you found via pc earlier . the bug you are describing could be a side-effect of this , when navigation is trying to be too smart for its own good , and the route from web is confusing the computation of real-time directions . i would submit this as a bug report to google .
that very much depends how and where you place the " secret " , and what other conditions/restrictions are in place . network storage ( such as cloud services or email ) e.g. require a network connection to be present , and the transfer might be noticed . a local copy might not have the copy-process noticed , but the copies could be found , in most times easily when using a file explorer . your " secret act " might also indicate infringment on a 3rd persons privacy ( if only your own photos are involved , then why the secrecy ? ) , which not only would be indecent , but also may incur a penalty ( no accusing , just a hint ) . but assuming completely legal application , there might be a few options available : photocopy backups photos to email . the app 's description states : " when the program runs , there is no indication at all " photo auto uploader automatically uploads pictures to picasa or facebook after pictures are captured auto uploader does the same for configured services foldersync can synchronize your photo 's folder ( and of course others ) periodically in the background -- to cloud services as well as to your home computer there are more apps for each of the mentioned categories . there may also be some to create local copies , but i am not aware of any at this time .
if i am not mistaken dropbox automatically synchronizes all your photos as soon as you take them . i dont think there is an app that saves the photo in two places . what you can also do is set up a cron job every 5 minutes or so to copy new photos in another directory . personally i think the dropbox solution is better to do . on the other hand you can always create your own application to do so : )
now there is also auto backup from google .
if you would like something on your screen in addition to the notification in your notification bar , i would suggest using something like gosms with widgetlocker . if i am correct in your understanding , this will do what you want : set up widgetlocker to be your unlock screen and then place a gosms messaging widget on your lock screen , so you can read the messages immediately . i do not know if this is what you are looking for , but i hope it helps !
i use simple calendar widget . different skins * possibility to choose which calendars to show * font style and background customization * show or hide current day of month * possibility to choose which application to open * support of tasks using dato gtasks or astrid i cannot post images but here is a link to the app : link
you might want to take a look at pure calendar widget . will cost you about two bucks , but does exactly what you request : widget for agenda / tasks / todo ( agenda style ) synced with google calendars show calendars from google , touchdown and moto/lg exchange show tasks from astrid , tasks ( team ) , myphoneexplorer , ultimate to-do list , tasksync , calengoo , dgt gtd , gtasks , got to do , task organizer , due today , touchdown , pocket informant pure calendar widget / agenda widget for android ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) an alternative could be agenda widget for android ( second screenshot above ) , which has a free trial variant ( which i linked ) and comes close to what the previously mentioned does . as i do not use any of those , i cannot tell you which might fit you best -- but at least with the free variant , you might want to give it a try : )
try jorte calendar . it merges google calendar and tasks flawlessely https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.johospace.jortehl=en
no , there is no setting for the sensitivity . the touchscreen controller already filters the input it gets from the screen itself , so probably you would not be able to filter out the faulty touches without also filtering out real touches . what you describe sounds like a hardware problem . i would recommend giving the screen a wipe with a damp , soapy cloth , then a rinse with a damp cloth , then drying it . it might or might not improve matters , but it is worth a try . if that does not help , you probably need to replace the screen completely .
you will need to uninstall the app from your device and after that the play store should allow you to purchase it .
this thread gives a nice step by step tutorial on how to re-flash to stock ics , which will relash the stock recovery . in a nutshell : how to restore galaxy s3 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlaf2 stock firmware : download the ics stock firmware file from here or here . after the rom file is downloaded successfully , you should extract its contents and you will get a single file with the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . save it on your computer’s desktop . download odin3 3 . o4 for galaxy s3 i9300 from here . extract odin . zip contents into a single folder and save it on your pc desktop . now , power off your galaxy s3 phone and after this you will need to boot into download mode . boot into download mode by pressing ‘volume down’ + ‘home’ + ‘power’ and release these buttons only after the display powers on . press volume up button to confirm that you want to load download mode . now , go to your pc and launch the ‘odin’ executable file . the one you’ve extracted at step 4 . next , connect your sgs3 i9300 to your computer and odin should display a message box saying ‘added ! ! ’ . if you don’t see this message then it means that the usb drivers aren’t installed on your pc and you should use the download links in the preparation guide , the ones listed above this tutorial guide . if odin did find the samsung usb driver you’re free to move to the next step . in odin click the button that is called ‘pda’ . find the file you’ve extracted at step 2 . it should have the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . select it and it will be loaded into odin . note : don’t change any of the odin’s default settings and make sure that the ‘re-partition’ option isn’t selected . press the start button in odin and the program will now begin to install the stock firmware files . when the installation is complete you will see a ‘pass’ alert displayed by odin and this means that everything went according to plan . your phone will also restart and after the samsung logo appears you are free to unplug the device from your computer . note : if odin gets stuck you are required to disconnect the phone from your pc and remove its battery and then re-insert it and , now repeat all the entire tutorial once again as something went wrong and the firmware wasn’t flashed . that should do it , now your phone has been restored to factory stock firmware . make sure to use the comments section in case you other questions .
sorry , as far as i am aware , there is no way to do this . the speaker is highly ingrained into the hardware , and it would be highly difficult to get this to work - never mind that it could be impossible . it could be possible , but it would require loads of hard work - including rewiring , and possibly some soldering - and your device may not survive . proceed at your own risk , but i would say that it is not possible .
it turned out that backing up , reformatting the internal drive and restoring the backup . after doing that , i also copied the internal partitions from another reader and the problem is solved . i suspect that it is the formatting which solved the problem but am not sure . procedure in this forum post .
this looks like the typical hassle with qualcomm 's wifi chips and some routers . both nexus 4 and 7 use a wifi chip manufactured by qualcomm . depending on your router 's configuration those chips will stop responding after some time when the device is in standby . a temporary quick fix for this problem is to assign a static ip to your devices instead of using dhcp . this can be done in most routers using a mac-> ip mapping . if this does not help , you can stop reading now . there are three other methods of fixing ( of which one will require root ) : non-root : go to wifi settings -> advanced and set your frequency to 2,4 ghz only ( this will work at a 50% chance ) go to wifi settings -> advanced and disable " wifi optimisation " ( warning : this can lead to a huge battery drain in busy networks ) root : open a file explorer ( e . g . es explorer ) with root privilegs , move to /etc/wifi and open the file wcnss_qcom_cfg . ini . edit these three parameters so that they will all be enabled ( =1 ) : genableactivemodeoffload=1 hostarpoffload=1 hostnsoffload=1 save the file and reboot your device . a little bit of explanation : the feature that is messed up in qualcomm 's configuration file is arp - adress resolution protocol . arp is meant to map a hardware 's mac adress to it is ip adress so the router can directly call the connected hardware via mac adress . usually the router periodically sends arp requests to connected devices to ensure they are still in the network . when the device is awake and the cpu is active , it will deal with the arp request and everything goes well . once the cpu is asleep , it is the wifi chip 's job to deal with arp requests so that the cpu need not to be powered on every time an arp request arrives . if arp-offloading is disabled though , the chip will not respond to the request and the router will kick the device out of its ip&lt ; -> mac map , which eventually leads to a dead connection . when you assign a static ip , the whole arp stuff is not needed obviously . disabling wifi optimisation will make the cpu inspect every packet so it will deal with arp instead of the wifi chip . the problem here , that this will hinder the device from going into power save mode . i personally had the same wifi problems until i manually fixed my . ini the way i described above . it took me nearly half a year to figure the problem out . i hope that i can help you with that ! best regards ! disclaimer : i am not responsible if you harm your phone or data .
i found solution : rename the name of my mobile phone . refer to https://community.verizonwireless.com/thread/816633
the sync options are located within the facebook app itself in settings . for example , photo sync options are located under Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos .
ghostery for firefox has not been officially released yet , you have to wait a bit until its out .
ghostery for firefox has been reworked to enable it to work with firefox for android . click the link , install and enjoy not broadcasting everything you do to everybody .
google play was formerly android market . your phone would originally have had android market ( i am assuming its an old one , probably gingerbread ) . when you did a factory reset all the updates were reverted back included on android market ( aka google play ) . android market automatically updates itself so give it some time and it should update itself to google play .
as far as i know , there is no app currently available to do this . you can try cyanogenmod for your device for various customization options . i have seen options to move status bar to bottom on cyanogenmod 7.2 ( android 2.3.7 gb ) port of my device ( samsung galaxy 3 ) . so it is certainly possible easily on custom roms .
assuming that your phone is captivate ( from the filename i897 ) , here 's a list of stock firmware files found on sammobile . they can be used with kies too . alternatively , try check fus , which can get the right stock firmware for your phone . i assume you know how to flash the files , if not , let me know and i will dig up some good links for you . hope this helped ! do not forget to accept the answer if it did .
sounds like the permission for the mount point of the external sd card got messed up . this is how it looks like on a sgs with cm 9.1: shell@android:/ $ ls -l /mnt/ d---rwxr-x system sdcard_rw 1970-01-01 01:00 emmc 
there are apps that claim to override/customize this functionality so yeah , it can be done . example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danez.headphonecontrollerfortablet the description notes the following exception : tested on jelly bean:work fine except volume up and down that is intercepted by a google app . i work on it the headset button app claims to do the same and may be more what you are looking for .
300mb are the absolute maximum you can get without having an ext4 partition on the sd card as a replacement . having a look at http://alpharev.nl/ you see that there is only a 330mb partition left , however none of my preferred roms fit that . it is made for some special rom called oxygen which i did not like . with custom cm9/cm10 builds however i had to switch back to bravo stock again and i set up an external ext4 1gb partition on my sd card . those 1024mb are far better than having 30mb more ( 330mb instead of close to 300mb ) .
there is not a specific android os upgrade policy . if it is a nexus device and it can handle the latest version of android it will get the latest version of android from google . other than that it is up to manufacturers to update drivers and their specific customized version of android for their own devices and then it is up to the carriers to approve those updates and release them to users ' phones . apple has only one phone basically and they release updates on what seems to be a yearly basis and update is done via their own service , not restricted by carriers .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
stability battery life you should be able to get an idea from reviews/comments/etc . about how well each rom performs in those areas . for an ereader that is really all you need .
this article explains the differences nicely , and this one claims an incredible increase in speed . if you are a visual learner , youtube is always your best bet . but the general consensus is mainly centered around speed . other perks include tethering , installation of apps to the sd card , and updated flash .
there are some bugs reported in the xperia p jelly bean update 6.2.A.0.400 . even if it is suggested to perform a factory reset , the problem has not seemed to have fully solved . so your problem will not most probably be fixed until sony releases a new version with bug fixes ( and it might take some time ) note : since you are mainly concerned with your gaming apps , you might need to check the incompatibilities from the google play store .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
if you are a gamer at all , you might be interested in using something like razor comms ! http://www.razerzone.com/comms it is a free voip program created by razor that will give you an ingame overlay of your communications , including your phone . it also can do this out of game . it has a call forwarding and sms forwarding feature that will allow you to answer calls and respond to text messages while on the computer . even if you are not into games , the voip still works very well .
remote phone call is much more polished for sms to pc . http://www.justremotephone.com/
i former times i have used myphoneexplorer application . it was initially released for sonyericsson but later added android support . you can stablish a bluetooth connection between this app and your phone . website : http://www.fjsoft.at/
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
there probably is not much you can do to fix htc 's widget . on the other hand you can purchase launcherpro plus which has its own people widget which works perfectly fine for me . launcherpro qr code : otherwise you can look around on the market and i am sure you will find another people widget somewhere .
i believe i observed a similar issue . . . i simply waited a few seconds and then pushed the screen side-to-side without leaving the screen . i saw the widget sort of refresh with the contacts back in order .
you could try call confirm , which gives a popup to confirm if you want to call said person . i have not tried it myself , but i have heard it is recommended for accidental touch screen issues . qr code for call confirm :
looks like its device related issue than android os issue . if its a firmware related issue , vendor may be able to offer you a patch . meanwhile if you see an option to switch between number mode and abc mode on your keypad , you can try that . . refer page 29 of device manual .
here you could see a video that shows this issue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3mv7m-kzhm update from comments : question solved . i have already update my galaxy s to 2.2.1 and it allow put numbers and letters in bluetooth pin ! ! !
can not see how to get an individual bookmark with a thumbnail screenshot of the webpage , but there are a couple of similar things you can do with the default browser in ics . in the screenshot above the top row are bookmarks added to the home screen by going into the browser , opening the bookmarks list , long pressing on a bookmark and selecting " add to home screen " . these appear to be the using the site 's " favicon " . the next two rows are the "3x2 bookmarks " widget , that just lists the contents of my browser 's bookmarks folder . add that by opening your apps list , selecting the widgets tab at the top and then long pressing to drag the "3x2 bookmarks " widget to a home screen . it then gives you a chance to pick a folder in your bookmarks to show ( you could create a new folder in bookmarks beforehand and fill that folder with only web pages that you want to show on your home screen ) .
you could also try visual bookmarks , although some users have found that it no longer works for them . ymmv .
a condensed changelog containing only " notable new features " can be accessed from within cyanogenmod via the settings menu -> about phone -> view changelog .
did you check with the official changelog site ? or the xda thread on 9.1 ? the latter mentions http://cm-kang.appspot.com/anzu/ics for the changelog . and then there is this page where you even can filter changes by devices ( probably the best source to check ) . if you need more details : all that from page 1 of a simple google search for cyanogenmod changelog "9.1" ( &lt ; - hint ! ; ) ) to the first ( and explicit ) question : if there were any new features ? that probably very much depends on your device . so using the last changelog source i mentioned , filtering by the device you want to know this about , you will be able to answer your question . as i do not know your device , i can not ; )
edit : op has rephrased his question a good start is also the cyanogenmod blog for cm9.1 it is : a new nfc payment system , simplytapp has been added : let’s try something new : cm9.1 and simplytapp : welcome to tapp !  a near field communication ( nfc ) payment platform for the cyanogenmod community and powered by simplytapp . founded by two cm enthusiasts , doug and ted , simplytapp provides a method for evolving , securing and expanding  nfc payments . see cyanogenmod 's blog post for more info .
try folder organizer lite . it is an extended version of apps organizer . it lets you not only tag apps , but also bookmarks and contacts . it is free .
i do not think there would be a reliable way to do it automatically , but app manager claims to do this . i group the apps i use on my home screens , so that games are on one screen and apps on another , with related apps in the same row ( e . g . instant messengers ) . you could do something similar . you could also create folders and put your apps in them . i believe app manager can help you do that as well .
there is an app called apps organizer that will let you " tag " applications into groups . you can then put folder widgets on your homescreen of each of these " tags " to stay organized . i have used it before , it works well if you keep your tags up to date .
i do not think there is a way to " tag " apps but apparently you can ( see bryan 's answer ) . the rest of my original answer : you can create folders on the home screen , label it " games " or " notes " and put shortcuts to apps in there . to do this long press on the home screen select " folders " , then " add folders " , then " new folder " ( steps may be slightly different on your phone ) . once the folder is on your home screen you can then drag an app on top of it to add it to the folder . to rename the folder : open the folder and then long press on the title bar of the folder at the top - after a few seconds a dialog will pop up to allow you to rename your folder . hope this helps edit - i was in the process of editing my answer to include what matthew said about grouping apps on different home screens - but he beat me to it : ) . i use this method for games where i have all my games on one home screen .
in case if your phone is from htc ( and has htc sense launcher ) you may add a folder on any page , like " todo " , " games " , " internet " , " new apps " , etc . i use this approach in my case , and i add every new application to the " new apps " folder just after install .
i would suggest taghome launcher ( freeware ) it is quite easy to use : you can create as many tags as you want and assign ( zero or more of ) these tags to applications ; all new apps are falling into " no tags " category and are easy to spot and assign tags to . the launcher is not flashy , but it is quite fast ; i have tried several top rated ones before choosing taghome
adw launcher lets you group apps in the app drawer . i have a group setup for games and an icon on my home screen that shows that group .
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
i just tried with my archos 70 and alarm clock plus v2 and it did not seem to work at first but when i played with the headphone-jack and pulled it out about half a millimeter and it worked . this would seem to be a problem with the jack , but it works just fine when playing videos or music . i think the issue might be that the alarm clock apps are sending the audio out on just one channel and it is not getting picked up for some reason by the stereo speakers . i remember i used to have a similar problem with my old walkman and certain headphones and i would have to pull the jack out just a little bit . i know theory does not make complete sense because it still should work just out of one speaker but it is something i have noticed about 3.5" headphone jacks for years and can not explain it . also , if you do not want to mess around with playing with the depth of the jack or trying a mono speaker , you could set the alarm clock plus to launch pandora which would probably play just fine over the stereo speakers .
this could be because of the minimum version you set when developing the application . if you set the minimum to be 2.3 ( gingerbread ) only people that have that version ( or newer ) will ever see your application . the same rules apply for 2.2 ( froyo ) , 2.1 ( eclair ) , 1.6 ( donut ) . if you do not specify that your application will work for them , they will not even see it in the market . i actually think that i was able to answer this question without going in to stackoverflow area of topics , plus it may actually help someone else in the future that has this " issue " . if you do not know how to set the minimum sdk version , that will be a question for stackoverflow .
we all wait for the android version of jitsi which is probably out by next year . it is announced for some time though .
no there is no federated xmpp client for android that supports video calling . federated because there many proprietary xmpp clients that do so , but they work only within their own network . the reason because there is no such xmpp client is pretty simple : jingle ( the xep which is used for xmpp video calling ) , is pretty new and most xmpp libraries do not support it yet . this is espically true for the most relevant xmpp library smack ( relevant because it is a java library ) . smack has some jingle components , but the development on them stopped years ago and they do not seem up to date . but there is hope : for example the beem project started to work on an jingle xmpp branch of their xmpp android client . update : jitsi has not released it yet , but it is already available in alpha and has video calls .
this sounds very strange . i have generated a few app-specific passwords ( which look like " abcd-efgh-ijkl-mnop" ) for a few devices and have never heard from them since . google says : " application-specific passwords do not expire " on the other hand , main password , which has to be accompanied with security code ( "12345" ) does expire quite quickly . please , make sure you use 16-letter app specific passwords , not the main password with security code .
all those notifications usually turn up in the notification bar , located at the top of the screen . on all devices . have you checked there ? example of the android notification bar as you can see in this example , that is where notifications are displayed . here you see , this user has new sms and mail in their gmail app pending ( to the left ) . other notifications are indicators of available services ( to the right ) , here telling that wifi is active and the device connected , silent mode ( no sound ) is active , cell phone signal is available , battery is about 3/4 full , plus the current time . your " missed call " notification should also appear in the left-hand area , the symbol looking like this : missed call icon often , there're also numbers associated with them . some launchers/lockscreens even allow for more custumization . i would wonder if none of these are available with your device . above examples are standard , and should be always available . numbers on the icons ( indicating how many missed calls , or how many sms are pending ) are something different : some manufacturers ship them by default , others do not . but using custom launchers / custom lockscreens , many things are possible . trouble with your htc first might be the launcher : if i am right , it comes with " facebook home " , which wants to facebook-ify everything , and thus might hide some things usually visible . i do not use facebook at all , so i am not that familiar with this area . but if that is the culprit , according to a review at androidcentral , facebook home can be turned off . on the other hand , a bunch of screenshots in the very same review clearly show those notifications being there , though a bit colorless : htc first screenshots ( source : androidcentral ) see the top of those screenshots -- and you will easily identify the gmail notification described before , here in the second and third screen : )
your assumption that the process which writes the restored files to the storage device runs with " quite high permissions " is wrong . backup service calls backup agents ( implemented by applications themselves ) to backup and restore data . so each app backs up and restores its own backup data .
the scrollbar visibility and fadeout effect can only be defined on the application itself at a programming level , there is no general option to control this . developers tend to follow the best practices , regarding small screen devices , since the space is limited . the general concept here is to have scrollbars hidden while not in use , since they appear over the content being presented . this is due to the limited space available , that portable devices tend to have . do not know if you ever noticed that scrollbars on smart-phones and tablets appear over the contents , and do not have a designated space as we see on desktop computers : it is all about the ui , and unfortunately for you , it is the general concept that afaik is not going to change .
when an activity that can be scrolled opened , the scroll bar should show for a few seconds before fading , therefore you can will know that the page can be scrolled . if you missed the subtle hint , then just slightly swipe the screen to display the scroll bar . imo , it would not be a good idea to always display the scroll bar , as the scrollbar is in the content area and may obscure whatever is in the screen .
easy to do : open the camera app in the upper left you see a " gear " icon . tapping it opens a drop-down . do so . scroll a little down . the third-to-last item reads " storage " ( has a sdcard icon ) . tap it . in the new overlay , select your wanted storage from " sdcard " or " internal storage " done : )
the best solution is to just replace the exchange server . saves you a lot of headdaches . you can try zarafa , zimbra , openchange , communigate etc . or just google apps , which very nicely talks caldav and carddav and imap , instead of the propriatery mapi crap .
i am using galaxy s2 with android 4.0.4 . i am getting alert for sub-folders . you go to email client and select sub-folders from the menu . after reaching the sub-folder , select menu button and you will find sync option . you can select as automatic push . it gives alert immediately .
not sure if you have made any headway on this . i was searching for answers for this today and got it figured out . i have got a galaxy s4 , running 4.2.2 i had to open the native email app . Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Exchange Account with sub folders &gt; More Settings &gt; Folder Sync Settings . from there i think it should be self explanatory . not sure what version of android you are running by now , but thought i would share .
as nuronv states , in android 4.0 ice cream sandwich , the sub folders are synchronized . however , i have found in my case that only a partial list of sub-folders are synchronized . i have server-side rules set up to sort all of my mail into very specific folders and the client is configured to save replies in the same folder with the email . this allows me to maintain collections of emails and conversations with a specific client , vendor , or project . i literally have hundreds of folders and sub-folders . in my first experience synchronizing , it only caught 3 sub-folders on the 2nd level ( i have about 8 ) , and in each of those folders , it found 3 in one folder that i have over 40 , and 8 in another folder where i have about 15 . it does not seem aparent why this is happening . i will take nuronv 's second suggestion and go check out moxier or touchdown .
unfortunately the native android exchange client does not support automatic sync of sub-folders , as you have seen you can go in to the folder and sync it manually but that is not much use . this has not been improved much in android 4.0 ice cream sandwich . the sub folders now sync but it does not notify you of new messages in them which is not really any better . i would recommend using a 3rd party client like moxier or touchdown . both have trials so that you can test them first .
can you do it ? yes you can , how hard or time consuming is it going to be ? a lot of time for sure . sure you can go ahead ! many people run custom roms or build their own roms from aosp on their android devices . you can either search for compatiable custom roms for your device else go pull a branch of aosp and build on it !
there is a list of things one can do to improve battery life . the easiest ( attention , black humor ) is turning the device off , next to switching it to airplane mode . in general these two things are not worth a consideration -- but with all things operable , i have seen no smartphone yet lasting more than 2 days . my old htc buzz currently makes it a week ( 7 days , and still 40%+ left ) -- but it neither has a sim card inserted , nor wifi enabled ( so you see , most energy goes for being permanent online ; i just carry the buzz as backup , since i did not yet transfer all apps to my new phone ) . my motorola droid 2 ends up at about 70% at the end of the day ( after about 17h runtime ; so it would basically last ~2 days ) , and i am not really doing that much . but to provide something useful , here comes a short ( and incomplete ) list : one of the largest energy consumer is the display -- so this area is where you can save most : make the display timeout as small as possible ( and just as large as needed ) . 30s is a good value . you probably do not need 100% brightness , so turn it down as low as possible . handicap : if it is not bright enough when you need it , it is hard to find the appropriate setting . on some devices/roms some toggle-switches are integrated into the status area ( if not , there are apps to do this ) , so you can blindly draw it down and hit the correct corner to toggle it up . at least on the motorola droid , there is one consumer clearly topping the display using twice as much : umts up/download . so if you do not really need to constantly transfer big data , or rely on umts as there is no gsm available ( unlikely ) , switch 3g off and force your phone to gsm mode . not relevant for data only , but also for talk ( just with less energy difference ) . wifi is also a main consumer -- even in standby . so when not needed , switch it off ( same for bluetooth ) . as we are in this category : though often suggested , gps standby is not worth mentioning -- as long as it stays standby . only problem here are apps that will then make use of it for localized ads and the like . so if you rarely use gps , just turn it off as well . i could almost write a book on this , as there would be so much more to be mentioned . so just some little additional hints concerning apps which might be of assistance : battery saver has an interesting concept : running a service in the background , it regularly checks the systems report on the strength of cell and wifi signal ( the system updates those data either , so that is no costly action ) . finding one ( or both ) of them too weak to be useful ( e . g . if you are sitting in a bunker , or some faraday box ) , it switches them completely off -- and checks in intervals whether it makes sense to turn them back on . this is especially useful if you often experience " dead zones " , where your cell radio would then power up to max , desperately trying to find some cell tower . and talking about " limiting your smartphone experience " makes no sense here : you either get no contact , as thee 's no signal ; ) juicedefender is available in multiple versions ( ranging from basic to plus to ultimate ) , and some hold it very high . it tries to save energy in several ways -- the best known being to " stutter " your data , by switching off all background sync , only permitting it in intervals . it offers much more possibilities , also depending on the version used . again , these are only very basic hints -- there is much more one could do . so you could use some profile apps like e.g. tasker or easyprofiles , timeriffic or llama -- to adjust your settings based on different situations . so you can e.g. put your android device to airplane mode when you sleep ( time based ) , adjust screen timeout when reading ( "when runs" ) , switch wifi off/on when leaving/returning home ( location based ) , and many other things . guess you have got the idea : ) edit : if you are still awake at this point , and like to read more , checkout what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
what is your android version ? when you highlight the text , just click the highlighted text to copy it . then you can paste it by long clicking on a text input field . on android 3+ the system changed , and you now copy and paste using the bar that appears when you long press on some text .
lookout mobile has blogged about this due to the diginotar events , and provided some pretty good ( read : lengthy ) instructions which you can find here . the gist of it is that you need to pull /system/etc/security/cacerts.bks and then remove the cas from the store , then push the store back to the device and reboot . their instructions require that you have bouncy castle ( for decrypting the store ) , root access , and a working adb connection . i am not sure if this applies to all versions of android or not , but my guess would be that the location of the ca store has not changed in quite some time ( if ever ) .
a bit of a hack . thanks to an answer in the gis.stackexchange.com, i was able to contact the owner of a web mashup ( driven by a google spreadsheet ) who created an kml export link . http://tables.googlelabs.com/exporttable?query=select+col3%2ccol1%2ccol2%2ccol4%2ccol5%2ccol6%2ccol7%2ccol8%2ccol9%2ccol10%2ccol11%2ccol12%2ccol13%2ccol14%2ccol15%2ccol16%2ccol17%2ccol18+from+261434+o=kmllinkg=col17 copy/pasting this link into the search box in google maps on my droid displayed the rest areas on the map . there is a limit to the number of points the map will display out the kml , so if you are zoomed out too far , you will only get a cluster of points . so make sure you are zoomed in close enough--having a few states visible should still work and be no problem . when the map points load , the extent changes . i guess it is to the extent of all the points that were loaded from the kml .
i have tried go contacts and go dialer and it seems really handy with useful features and beautiful look ! p . s i wanted to post a comment but i do not have adequate permission for " comment everywhere " right now !
i have a motorola droid and i plug in a fm transmitter into the headphone jack and my mic still works ( because i use this to make calls while driving ) . does the aux cable also have a mic on it ? if so , maybe that is overriding the phone 's mic input .
do you mean where is the wpa_supplicant . conf file ? if so , you will need root access as it is in : /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
to transfer data from desktop to an emulator 's sdcard on linux do this : create the sd card : let 's create a 64mb sd card for our android emulator . from a terminal do this : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./mksdcard 64M ~/Desktop/sdcard.iso  now you can use the ' eclipse android sdk and avd manager ' to create a new android virtual device that can use the path to the sd card you created . write data to the sd card : from a terminal : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./ddms  this will start the dalvik debug monitor server . then : launch your avd with sd card from eclipse that you created earlier from ddms , go to ' device -> file explorer ' select the ' sdcard ' folder click the ' push file onto device ' button find your file and click open that is it ! now from inside your code you can get to the sd card 's path with : Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory()  more you can read here .
sounds like a stolen phone ( theft of mislaid property ) . report it to the police . in the us , if you have the esn/meid they can compel the carrier to give them all the info about who is using the phone . i am not sure how these things work in other countries .
sorry to see you losing your phone . have you seen the question " can i remotely launch an app on my android phone ? " in which @jlehenbauer has answered mentioning an app called androidlost . you can try this if you are sure you have your lost phone still uses your google account .
if you go to settings > data usage and open the menu , then select mobile hotspots you can select wi-fi networks that should be treated as mobile hotspots . this should restrict the data usage when connected to these networks . data usage and mobile hotspot screens ( click images for larger variants )
as your tablet and phone will both be running android versions newer than 4.1 then this is all built in , and the devices should automatically let each other know about this when they connect , which will let apps know that they should limit the traffic they use . however you can also manually tell them that a particular wifi connection is a hotspot rather than broadband connection , just in case the auto-detection has not worked . on the device that will be connecting to the wifi ( your nexus 7 ) , if you go into settings -> data usage and then the " . . . " overflow button you should see an option called " mobile hotspots " . data usage menu ( click image for larger variant ) in here should be a list of all the wifi networks that the device has connected to recently , with a tickbox alongside that you can select to say that the network is actually a mobile hotspot . this tells your phone to treat that wifi network as if it is a mobile data ( eg 3g ) network instead of a broadband connection . mobile hotspots ( click image for larger variant ) ( cribbed from my previous answer here )
no . the app drawer is part of the same app as the home screen itself : the launcher app . you can only replace both of them at once . some launchers do not even have a separate app drawer : the list of apps is a seamless part of the home screen itself .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
you only need to enable google now . all other settings are automagically determined by google after a few days of usage . note : you give up a bigger portion of your anonymity for that .
actually you shoud set you home and work address in google maps/latitude . you can do this at least on your desktop by going to http://maps.google.com, logging in with your google account , and clicking My places on the left . this shows the fields where you can edit your addresses . google now will figure out your regular schedule after a while , took a couple of days for me to get the suggestions at the right times .
do you mean with an external keyboard or the on-screen keyboard ? with the on-screen keyboard , usually the &lt;Enter&gt; key turns into a &lt;Next&gt; key ( looks like a right arrow ) when there is another field after the current one . at least , this seems to be how most apps on android work . sometimes it does not change functionality ; this happens most often in web forms where the enter key is a valid input .
if you have swype , all you need to do is long press the space bar . alternatively , you can download hacker 's keyboard from the play store . it has TAB/CTRL/ESC/ARROW keys etc
the problem can be fixed by removing the other apps that are available to be used . after all if there is only one option , that has to be the default right ? a good tool for this is titanium backup . it is for root users so if you do not have root you will have to find some other way of removing the app ( adb would probably be your best option if you refuse to root your phone )
the simple and straightforward method to set the default launcher is the one you used : tap the home button . tap adw . launcher . tap always . if this is not working for some reason , then it might help to describe what the device is doing instead .
just go to > phone> call settings . there you will see an option to reject call with mssage . go there and yowill see some template messages . jut delete all the message one by one and thats it . your problem is solved .
unfortunately , there is no way to disable that . sony is using a proprietary dialer that has that function hard-coded into it . without using a custom rom , there is no way around it . i know this because i have experience with this on samsung devices ( they also have a bar near the bottom that allows to reject with text ) , and having heavy proficiency with android , outside of somehow recompiling the dialer apk and using your knowledge of java to find the entry , remove it , and recompile , there is unfortunately nothing you can do .
use the broadcast function , see : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/android/23130793 open whatsapp press the [ menu button ] tap [ new broadcast ] type your contacts ' names or press the [ + ] button to choose from your contact list tap [ next ] type your message and optionally attach media tap the send button
i do not think this is possible since it is a limitation from the app itself . . the best you can do is to put a status message so everyone can see , but you will not know for sure . or you message them in groups of 25 .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
i found that you should be able to do a factory reset by holding the power and home when powering on . there you should have the option to do a factory reset .
what i finally ended up doing was upgrading the firmware . i tried the home/power method , but it just was not working for me . . . upgrading the firmware instructions are found on their site . it was not too hard to do , except for the fact that they do not seem to have signed drivers , which forced me to use a non-64 bit system to do the upgrade .
on htc desire ( android 2.2 ) you can just click on the link/contact source icon in the top right when you are viewing a contact and in appeared screen there will be a name drop-down where you can choose the display name from all linked contacts ( like phone and facebook contacts in your situation ) .
i use galaxy 5 , my phone can choose which contact to appear , i just switch off other contact other than the phone number . . . problem solved . i used swype before to key in words but it will affect the contact in the messaging , if you encounter this problem , just choose standard qwerty keyboard or number pad .
as always , it is a different android device ( but same android version , however ) so ymmv . . . the samsung vibrant ( aka galaxy s ) has a mark as default menu option when you open a contact . if you have more than one linked contact ( with different names ) , it allows you to select which name appears in the contact list .
as someone replied here , if you edit the account info ( in this case the name ) you want to be displayed on the actual phone and save it , it will change the displayed name to the updated one . it worked on my xperia x10 mini .
that is odd , photos are usually stored within a DCIM directory of the sd-card . never heard that one would store them as binary blob within a sqlite db . anyways , you cold discover the contents of the sqlite db with the sqlite ( sometimes sqlite3 ) tool . but you need some basic understanding of sql syntax .
if you are using the stock launcher , you can not . if you use an alternative launcher like nova launcher or apex launcher ( one which has support for scrolling and resizable widgets ) , then you can . put the gmail widget on your homescreen by long-pressing and selecting the label of choice . then long-press the widget itself and from the popup menu , choose resize and resize the widget 's dimensions as per your liking . you have not mentioned what version of android you are using and nova/apex work only on v4+ ( ics ) . if you have an older gingerbread version , try adw launcher . instructions are similar , if not exactly the same . you may also have to enable the functionality for " scrollable widgets " from within your launcher 's settings panel to get the full benefit .
now the rbi has given instruction to all banks to make changes in the server to give the transaction password while doing net purchase . there is no option in google wallet to put transaction password .
it should be because google market thinks the apps are not supported by your device . you can go to online android market and try installing the app that is not displayed . it should say that your device ( nook ) is not supported for that app .
as noted in the comments , this appears to be the answer : the reason is because of pixel density . changing it from 161 to 160 works . – diesel this is discussed on the cyanogenmod forums here ( along with many other threads ) . it also appears that newer versions of cyanogenmod automatically set the pixel density to 160 for you . your rom 's density value should be in the /system/build.prop file ( look for an entry about " lcd density " . it can be modified manually or with one of several apps .
assuming the file is located on your computer , but you want to restore it on your device : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  should to the trick . explanation : the first command copies the backup.bin file to your sdcard , and in the second line dd reads it from there and then writes it to the device specified . you might wish to combine this to a one-liner : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin &amp;&amp; adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  this means : " copy the file to the device , and execute dd only when the copy process succeeded " . to answer the other part of your question ( what is wrong with your command ) : you cat the file to the local adb process on your computer , not to the remote dd process on your device . adb does not know how to " hand it over " . so why does it work the other way around ? because there you capture the output displayed on your local computer , which of course you can redirect locally .
this will work on a linux : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|sed 's/\r$//' &gt; backup.bin  in macos it can be made to work as well , you just need to do it with perl : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|perl -pe 's/\x0D\x0A/\x0A/g' &gt; backup.bin 
i just did it cant believe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i find a command on a website where i just place my mmcblk number that i known via paragon exfat , ntfs and hfs+ . apk app and run this command as a super user " mkfs . vfat /dev/block/mmcblk0p33 " and now i got my internal storage back on my phone .
it is possible . i found some instructions here that partially apply : http://androidandme.com/2009/08/news/how-to-manually-partition-your-sd-card-for-android-apps2sd/ do take care , if you do not understand commands well , dont try this out . the difference is that you just want one partition in fat32 . mkpartfs primary fat32 0 [last MB] # where last mb is visible using parted /dev/block/mmcblkXXXXXXXX . also the article is about an sdcard . i would recommend checking carefully if you have the right block level device before issuing any partitioning commands ! when using the appropriate block level device , little can go wrong , as you currently have no access at all . [ edit ] personally , i would try to install a new recovery using fastboot , and then use that recovery to format your internal storage . a lot easier and safer imo .
tibu 's faq says : click “backup all user apps” ( if you want just your apps ) or “backup all user apps + system data” if you want everything backed up . this doesn’t seem to always backup sms and contact history . unfortunately it does not explain all options in detail -- but from the above quote one can conclude : " backup all system data " normally includes contacts , sms , etc ( but might miss some history -- not clear if the latter a ) refers to an old version , as i never experienced that , or b ) is device-specific ) " backup all user apps " must include the data , otherwise the term if you want everything backed up would not make sense . to make sure , just visit the above mentioned faq for a closer check , which might answer other questions ( you did not know you have had ; ) on the way .
i checked that myself . i installed cwm 6.0.1.0 on my galaxy tab p5100 , then i tried to restore the twrp backup that i already had , and it did not work . maybe it needs a little more technical work . but with a normal procedure , it does not work .
you could try switching your router temporarily to 802.11n-only mode and see if the tablet still connects . if the tablet does not connect , it does not support it .
note , i do not have a motorola phone , and my phone 's just doing the standard android contact linking , but it may also help you . i did this because my previous phone was an htc magic running android 1.6 , which had no contact linking ( as that only came with android 2 ) so i used one of the apps that downloads the facebook picture and applies it to the contacts , the picture was then stuck there until i manually got it to update again . here 's what i did to get them updating properly once i moved onto a phone with froyo : if you go into your google contacts on the web , do you see the old facebook picture on your contacts there ? if so , select the contact . hover your mouse over their picture until you see the change picture link , click that and select no picture . save the change . after a bit the change should sync down to your phone and it should then use the only picture it has - the current facebook picture .
from what i understand , contacts is actually fairly decoupled from facebook because google does not like their api and facebook does not want to let their users export data . i believe this means that if you remove your facebook account from the phone , those photos will disappear from the contacts . then you can re-add the account to get them back . unfortunately the contacts are not likely to relink automatically after that , and you had have to do it manually every time . i do not know of a better way .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2415195 read this guide http://forum.xda-developers.com/show....php?t=2266654 . only follow the parts to unlock the boot loader and flash clockworkmod custom recovery . make sure that you flash the recovery right after unlocking ( without rebooting in between ) otherwise data will get wiped . ) after that boot into your newly flashed recovery and use " adb pull /data/media/" . this should copy everything on the internal sdcard of the phone .
this really sounds stupid , but when the time and date are wrong , most google apps will not work .
assumption 's : *you have a mobile data plan *working wifi connection do this : *go to app info page of play store . *clear data and then clear cache *then click on force stop now download latest play store . apk file from the below link http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ after the download , install the play store from the file . done .
you may have a problem with data connectivity . you can check this ( see , for example , here ) ) by either looking the type of your data connectivity in settings -> about phone -> status -> mobile network type consulting the icon indicator on top . h+ and 3g should allow you to download apps . it you are not on a fast network it may be that the apn settings are not correct for your carrier or that your account is not defined correctly with your carrier . for apn settings you can consult your carrier , its web site or an app ( look for apn and your country name ) . for account definition you will need to consult your carrier . wifi maybe slower because 4.0 is heavy on the xperia sola because it only has 512mb ram . you can watch the ram load with an app such as android system info
just download lets meetup navigation and share you directions and meet up with your friends
unfortunately , there is no way to create these links in the google maps app .
i have not been able to find out how to do that either . however , i have found you can share places by clicking on them and then selecting " share this place . "
as of the date of this posting you can not do this in the android app . however you can access it through google maps website . so instead of using your app navigate to google maps through your browser . it will take a bit longer to load so only do this if you have to share the map or directions . seems like a natural to be able to share this function via sms to non smart phones . it equals free advertising for google . i hope they add this soon to the mobile app !
be sure and check your date . had problems with google play suddenly stopped working . after trying multiple suggestions , realized the date was reset back to 2008 . once reset , things started working again .
i suggest you to format the internal memory since it will not clean the rom memory , just the place where your personal files , applications and other stuff like this are stored . then flash the rom again . this might solve your problem .
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
this guide is marked as " noob-friendly " . have not tried it myself as i try to stay far away as i can from sense : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1859714 you were looking for 3.20.401.1 ? here you can find the nandroid backups : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1975140
finally , someone from xda shared his nandroid backup for stock rom , here is the link ; http://docs.google.com/file/d/0b06fizeukdchulbvzfzpretos0k/edit?usp=sharing the original thread on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?s=c89f980ba9f35f7e5ec9ae6b6bf11beft=1975140page=139
you can use any browser that supports streaming . you type in the address bar or google search for youtube . tap on the link for youtube . then search for your video ( s ) . there maybe some buffering issues on low-end/legacy devices . you can change the quality of the stream ( ie . 240 , 480 , 720p ) . aside from that , make sure all background processes are shut down and you do not have any other running apps . as to which one works best , that would be an opinion and not correct forum for this . although i just use stock android browser .
i was getting this error because my gingerbread update was filling the /cache folder . deleted it ( this probably requires root ) and was able to update apps again .
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
quoting from the locale 's feedback forum regarding the backup/restore functionality : automatic backup/restore locale has automatic backup and restore using android 2.2 's cloud-based backup mechanism . there are no configuration options within locale--it just works ! to use this feature , simply make sure that backup/restore is enabled by going to the android settings -> privacy and verifying that the checkboxes for backup and restore are both checked . whenever locale is uninstalled and reinstalled , the device is factory reset , or you upgrade to a new device , the situations will be automatically restored as long as android is set up with the same google account . locale 's backup and restore is designed to work correctly across different devices with different hardware and software capabilities . for example , let 's say a backup was made on a device with wi-fi and restored to a device without wi-fi . locale will properly handle that transition . automatic backup and restore requires android 2.2 or later , as well as a handset supporting google 's backup manager . if there are no options for backup and restore under android settings -> privacy , then the device does not support backup and restore . since backups are tried to a google account , be sure to always use the same google account when setting up your android devices . manual backup/restore in addition , there is a beta manual backup/restore feature to create a manual backup to the sd card . this feature is disabled by default , and must be manually enabled . after backups are enabled , a new backup menu item will appear under the menu of the locale home screen . from that menu item , you can create a backup to the phone 's sd card . when locale is re-installed , it will automatically detect any existing backups and ask whether you had like to restore them . because manual backups are a beta feature , we are unable to offer any support . to enable manual backups , please follow these instructions : allow installing apps outside of the android market a . go to the android settings b . tap on applications c . tap on unknown sources install backup enabler a . open the web browser on your phone b . go to this address : www.twofortyfouram.com/backup.apk c . once the download completes , tap on the download d . follow the instructions to install perform backup a . open locale b . choose menu -> backup
the answer to my question turned out to be rather trivial ( at least for my rooted htc incredible ) . trivial to the point that i am embarrassed i asked the question in the first place ! to explore/manipulate my phone 's file system , all i had to do was connect it to my computer via usb , and choose " disk drive " as the connection type . then the storage on my phone shows up as two additional volumes : one for /sdcard and one for /emmc , which i can manipulate like any other volume . edit unfortunately , the approach as i have described it gives access only to those areas of the phone 's file system that a user can modify without root access . this approach is good enough for my purposes , but if you want free rein over your phone 's file system , and do not mind going over to the " dark side " to get these powers , see this xda forum thread .
as your device is rooted , you could try to install come sshd app : quicksshd explicitly mentions root support dropbear ssh server even requires it sshdroid mentions root as option so all 3 of them should be able to " export " the full file system via ssh . so on a mac ( and linux/unix/bsd as well ) you could directly connect from a terminal , or integrate the device 's file system using e.g. sshfs or fish , on windows you could use the famous winscp -- and probably many others .
the one you want is event-> phone ringing . the state-> phone call would not activate until you have answered the call . event profiles activate and deactivate rather quickly so you probably would not see it if you were trying to watch for the green active color . however , you mentioned that it did not even set a variable through a test task . were you using a global variable for that or a local variable ? try using the flash action to flash the caller 's name and see if that pops up . once you get that working and confirmed , you might need to do some more work on your announcement . i am guessing you are using the say action . you will need to uncheck respect audio focus in order for say to talk over the phone ringer since the ringer takes precedence . you will probably also want to turn the ringer off temporarily using the ringer volume action to allow the say action to finish and then turn the ringer back on .
as pronetguru already pointed out , titanium backup could indeed be used for that : root install tibu convert app to system app ( i.e. . it gets installed to /system/apps uninstall tibu unroot . done . that app would have access up to " signatureorsystem " protection levels then ( if specified so in its manifest ) . giving it root access is something different – but probably not even needed here .
sorry . you cannot install your app as a system app .
the weird problem had a weird solution . i turned the phone off and turned it on again , and the problem was gone . i can not give any reason as to why the problem occurred and why it got solved . might be a bug .
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
i think this is most likely a problem with the android platform itself . my own lg p500 phone will not connect to any wep secured network even though the key is 100% correct . in that case it was an imac desktop with connection sharing through wep , as that was the only option available for sharing . it is not ideal , but perhaps finding a good compelling article about the benefits of wpa over wep and presenting it to your landlord might be the easiest fix here .
i just thought of posting my solution here as well in order to help others that might face this problem in the future . after troubleshooting the problem for over two months , i have finally been able to resolve the problem with the help of a belkin technical support engineer . just for clarification , the problem is neither with the phones nor the router . it is to do with the wifi settings that can be accessed via the gateway i/p address ( in my case it was : 192.168.2.1 ) . i have followed the below steps that made it work for me ( please note that this solution may not help all the other wep problems , it just seemed to help in my case . the best idea is to check up with your router 's technical support department unless there is a problem with your phone ) . wifi settings changed : disabled firewall disabled wan ping blocking the most important part : under security , i changed the wireless channel from '10' to '9' . changed the configuration from "802.11 b/g/n " to "802.11 g only " . changed the ssid name from say : " belkin-router " to " belkin " . applied changes and hurray , my phones got instantly connected . hope this helps others as well .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
it is a poor password policy , however you should rest assured that a strong 16-digit password is sufficient to protect from brute force . as demonstrated by grc , an exhaustive brute force attack would take 10 billion years using a massive cracking array : https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm
download an application called " android file transfer " . the application should pop up automatically whenever you set " media sync " once you connect the mac to your phone via the usb . then , you should be able to drag and drop files to and from your phone to the mac .
the way it works for me is that i use the " mtp " transfer function on my lg optimus g , together with the android file transfer , which is downloadable here : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ and tadaaa ! it works .
i found a few work arounds , although not too elegant . music i used winamp for mac , and the winamp app to transfer the music from my itunes library . i loaded winamp , and told it to import my itunes media , waited for it to finish , then created playlists . i can then right-click the playlist on the left , and click send to-> lg optimus g . the transfer took a while over wifi , but it moved my library over other files i used the bluetooth exchange program for my mac . in hindsight , i learned eventually i could have transferred via wifi with es file explorer ' s ftp or smb sharing . but again , this is how i solved it . bluetooth was deadly slow , but it did eventually work .
typically , yes . you are creating a private network -- you want to route stuff through the network . it is private . if only the browser applications were routing through the private network -- some other app could be sniffing activity , and sending it through the other connection . goodbye , private ! see also : http://www.howstuffworks.com/vpn.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virtual_private_network
the setting that you are talking about is in effect the --redirect-gateway option of openvpn and is documented on the openvpn man page --redirect-gateway automatically execute routing commands to cause all outgoing ip traffic to be redirected over the vpn . this option performs three steps : create a static route for the --remote address which forwards to the pre-existing default gateway . this is done so that ( 3 ) will not create a routing loop . delete the default gateway route . set the new default gateway to be the vpn endpoint address ( derived either from --route-gateway or the second parameter to --ifconfig when --dev tun is specified ) . when the tunnel is torn down , all of the above steps are reversed so that the original default route is restored . the routing of all network connections occurs at the system level . only apps that have the ability to modify the routing table of the device to use a different gateway than the default can bypass the vpn . theoretically any app with superuser access could do this .
you can use the " google contact sync " , an built-in synchronization-mechanism and some of the basic-functionality of android . more here : http://www.google.com/sync/index.html
another option would be to export your contacts ( tap the menu button in the contacts app then look for export ) , transfer contacts . vcf to the other device , then import .
okay , so i have had this problem before . i suggest powering off , removing sim card , then putting it back in ( if possible ) and reboot . please check the card for any visual damage .
there are several root options for samsung devices . edit : it seems like the first method is not available for your device . cf-auto-root : created by xda developer chainfire , this method consists of a modified recovery image which injects the su binary into the system and restores original recovery upon reboot . this is the safest method because it does not require user interaction . root programs : these pc apps , like oneclickroot , require you to enable usb debugging and connect your phone to your pc . it will then execute an exploit which will allow it to inject su to /system . framaroot : created by xda member alephzain , this is the only root method that does not require a pc . once installed and opened , framaroot will present you with a list of exploits compatible with your phone . once you choose an exploit , framaroot will either a ) tell you that the exploit was successful and that you need to reboot in order to enjoy root , b ) tell you that the exploit failed and that you should try another , or c ) it used a so-called local.prop trick to root your device with a squashed file system , and that you should reboot to try and see if you have root . all methods install a superuser apps which governs the use of su. an example of a su app is supersu , which has an unroot option in its settings tab . as for the bricking , it is very hard to do that unless you interrupted a flash process you deleted something you should not have you flashed something meant for another device
if the discharge has not been too deep , this should be normal . i use my ipod rarely and often i have to wait half an hour to have it boot up again . conversely , if the discharge has been too deep , it may be a problem . quoting wikipedia : deep discharge may short-circuit the cell , in which case recharging would be unsafe . and overdischarge supersaturates lithium cobalt oxide , leading to the production of lithium oxide , [ 36 ] possibly by the following irreversible reaction [ . . . ]
as avio 's answer says this is normal , but i assume you are wondering why . it is because the battery does not have enough charge to keep the voltage level up . the hardware will only work within a certain voltage range , just like pc hardware for example . most ( all ? ) phones do not have the redundant circuitry and so on to allow them to be powered directly from the usb port while the battery charges , so you have to wait till the battery charges to the minmum required level . as an aside , android normally shuts down with about 5% of battery left , avoiding this problem . unless you turned it back on after this point , it might be that your version does not do this or that the battery stats are messed up and need to be wiped .
i think to move to the standard google build , you have to root your nexus to bypass the signature verification . otherwise you can not go to the google build . i have a nexus one and it is the same thing . before , i can get the google ota , i had to root my phone .
press the shift button . it will change it back . that is what i did .
use the icons . first look for the settings app or icon ( looks like cog wheels ) . scroll through the list of apps in your launcher . you can also press the menu button while on your main homescreen and choose the settings from there ( same idea - look for the cog-wheel icon ) . once you are in settings , look for the menu option with a little ' a ' icon on the side - that is the one for language settings . press that . now press the very first menu option to get a list of languages .
according to the version numbers you have posted , they are the android version numbers with zero padding . therefore these can be directly mapped to " friendly " names , which can be found for example on wikipedia under android version history . so the remaining should be :
these apps will not work with custom rom 's , as they are designed to be run with the samsung software , and require libraries etc from the samsung software .
when you root your device you are gaining administrator access to it ( root ) . nothing more nothing less . so , unless you install a third party rom , you will continue to receive updates and be able to use the source code you download . one small issue , updates may unroot your phone if you install them . some useful reading on this subject : what does “to root a phone” mean ? are there any risks to rooting a device ?
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i then tried uninstalling gmail by deleting the file and then trying to reinstall it from the play store you can not install it from the play store , you can only update an existing version . this is to prevent phones that have not met google 's official criteria from getting the core google apps , though there are workarounds ( see below ) . the apk deletion seemed to put it in a strange state where it disappeared from the phone . . . but still the play store considers it as installed deleting the . apk is akin to deleting acrobat.exe from windows without uninstalling adobe acrobat . it will not run since it does not exist , but the system still thinks it is installed and there may be other junk left behind . to fix this you had need to flash the google apps package ; this question might help with that . since you are only suffering from the market not auto-updating right now , you can either try to trigger the update or manually install the new version ; see this question for that . in the future do not delete apps you want ! or at least back them up :p
there is a known issue on samsung devices . please see here : http://webcazine.com/7630/how-to-solve-unable-to-sign-or-encrypt-message-certificate-not-installed-error-on-galaxy-s4/
seems to me that your pc and your android are in different time zones . since you have already mentioned that you are in india , i expect that your android has the wrong setting . Settings | Date &amp; time you may have to turn off " automatic " so that you can set the time zone yourself .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2107224 android > = 4.2 breaks dalvik-apps that mount file systems to be shared with other apps . the linked page has an explanation of the issue , and patches that can be applied to the kernel source ( or the dalvik source , if you prefer ) to make a custom rom that lets you do this .
you just need to access " my location " in maps . click the " location " button in the bottom right corner to have the map scroll to your location . ( obviously you need to have location services turned on . ) the button will turn blue and there will be a glowing blue dot at your location . tap the button again and the view will change to " compass mode " , a partial-3d view with 3-d building outlines and pointed in the direction you are facing . the button will change to a compass . tap again to get back to the top-down view .
as i mentioned in my comment , upon further research i found that " follow me " feature or " navigation without destination set " was removed from the latest release of android map app . following someone else 's advice i am switching ( at least for now ) . to the waze app
a bit more digging and i think i have turned up the answer . the reason it is not working is because the terminal app does not request super-user permission in its manifest , e.g. : &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER"/&gt;  this extra layer of security appears to be because the terminal application is a java application , although it does a good job of hiding it . the superuser appears to shim things somehow so java apps can get this permission , even if they did not know they needed it when they were created .
the clue is in the owner/group id . . . $ ls -l /system/bin/su -rwsr-xr-x root app_101 26234 2012-07-09 15:00 su  notice the group id is set to ' app_101' , that should be ' root ' , but then again , you need the busybox binary ( which is part of the superuser . apk binary , when installed , it copies the relevant said binary into /system/xbin ) in order to be able to chown it .
try adding the -c option . e.g. su -c sh  or  su -c 'echo bogus'  ( for more arguments )
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
nevermind . this was a " quick reply " feature of chompsms . wow . that was hard to find . guess will accept this in 2 days .
couple options : use the swap file feature of your ram manager . that'll give you more ( up to 256mb more ) memory to play with and might be enough to stave off the music player kill . toss the ram manager and use something ( like minfreemanager or manually edit the values in /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree 1 ) that will let you manually specify the low memory killer 's parameters . for the latter , since your priorities are not the usual ones ( kill foreground before killing background , rather than the other way around ) , you want to toss the presets ( which assume " the usual priorities" ) and set the values as such . specifically , you want to set the visible_app ( an app that is not on screen , but is doing something , in this case , cranking out tunes ) value to be lower ( and thus lower on the kill list ) than the foreground_app ( exactly what it says on the tin ) value . further information on what the lmk does and what all these values mean can be found on my answer to this question , which is probably more relevant to your question than the one it was an answer to . 1 as i mention in my other answer , values in this file are in pages , which are 4kb . 8192 , for example , is 32mb .
i had a similar issue . eventually , i disabled the following : auto fill forms ; sync via usb an developer tools . it worked ! oh also i cleared data ( settings . . content settings ) for google sites .
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
i think that there is no other way as to simply delete the files on your android device . make sure you have a copy of the files on your pc or an external hd . i am not sure if one can download the mp3s easily from the google music cloud . you have the files in google musics cloud , why do you need them on the device too ? the music app will cache the files on the device for fast/offline access .
allowing cpu frequency to be set directly by user level process is a security issue . it is a hardware functionality that could affect other processes running on the system . on an ideal system , no user level process should be able to affect the execution of another user 's processes , except through explicit interprocess communication ( e . g . pipes , signals , files , etc ) . examples of damages that could be done : battery life : a malicious or poorly written could set cpu at a constantly high level , draining more battery than is necessary , without attracting suspicion because it uses little cpu for itself . poor performance : a malicious or poorly written app could set the cpu frequency at constantly low level , resulting in poor performance . this could then be used to trick user into purchasing our downloading unnecessary optimizer apps , among others . conflicting cpu frequency set by multiple apps could lead to really unstable system performance and general havoc as they keep overriding each other . this reason alone could make the whole cpu frequency setting useless . the solution to this ? any single process should not be able to directly set cpu frequency . instead non root process should only be able to give hints , and the system could then pick the best frequency setting , taking into account the hints from all processes , system policy , and process accounting information . this is what cpufreq " governers " are . one of the job of operating system is to moderate access to shared resources . also , it should be noted that lowering cpu frequency does not always lead to better battery life , depending on the work load , lower frequency could also mean it takes longer time to finish the task , and this could easily negate the savings .
mucking about with cpu frequencies can lead to instabilities in your system and might also lead to hardware damage . such a critical function is best left out of the hands of normal users who do not really need to make such changes . since this most certainly a core ( important ) function , one needs root access .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
if have to disagree with sparx , if you change the cpu frequency via the supported methods that every modern cpu provides , changing it , even in a fast sequence , does not affect stability . i would even rule out hardware damage , because of the sophisticated security mechanisms in modern cpus ( overheat protection , etc . ) . why can only root set the frequency and the frequency governor ? well , first because it is linux that only allows root to do so . second , i think that it is because the average user should not care about . it is the system that decides which frequency is the best in the current situation . it does so automatically , without user intervention and it does the job good under android ( imho ) . while thinks like setcpu can prolong battery life , it also can shorten it , if it is done wrong . the question here is : do you believe that a 3rd party app does better battery management than the one that the manufacturer of the device ? in certain cases sure , but not always .
yup using root is the only way to go . all other groups or username are locked in userland of android by a technique known as sandboxing . this is security feature implemented at the core so you will need to rework android if you still want to succeed .
i have solved my own problem today and i would like to provide the solution for others that might encounter it . the actual internal memory for this phone should amount to exactly 0,96 gb or close to that . i got aware of this comparing my phone to another one from the same model . i first tried formatting the flash memory ( or mass memory ) on my phone , but to no avail . so i tried doing a reset and it solved the issue . to do this : go to settings . choose privacy . select factory data reset or the corresponding example in your native language . wait for the phone to do its thing . you should see some code/script running on the screen . now wait . when everything is loaded and you configured the minimum settings , open the application task manager . you should be able to see the correct size .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . there are 2 important folders . the /system has a lot of system stuff . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . be aware that there is a confusing " sdcard " name usage . most android devices have a " sdcard " that is an internal flash configured like an sd card but the real external sd card is often named external_sd or something along those line . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are debugging info collected by android or at least that is what i found googling it . you want that if you want to debug applications and need longer information than " logcat " . but , you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android my device model " and you should find quickly how to root your device .
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and we’re targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu ‘just work’ for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : it’s the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
well this is defined per app in its manifest . it registers to a certain Intent . the app that implemented the ' open with ' option checks which applications react to a certain Intent , and shows the list of those applications . i do not think you can modify this at runtime . ( or you could create a new application which reacts the the ' open with ' and creates another intent which the photo editing app reacts to . )
lifehacker published on how to use vlc-shares to recreate airplay with android . link
dlna is basically the same thing . there are several apps that allow you to use dlna like twonky .
try emit . it brings air video functionality to android .
do this : type *#0011# on your dialer to go into service mode . from there , go to settings by pressing the left hard key navigate to wifi and turn off power setting mode . this solved the problem for me . however if you turn your phone off and again , the procedure will have to be repeated on each restart as its temporary .
update your phone to the firmware i9300xxella and check through " exynos " if your device is affected or not affected , it will tell you .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
there is flyscreen , which lets you put widgets and such on your lock screen . ( app brain link )
i have been using widgetlocker ( appbrain ) . its very customizable and has worked like a charm for me .
i performed two steps to fix the issue : settings -> wireless and network settings -> wi-fi settings -> click menu button and select advanced , select wi-fi sleep policy - > select never . dial *#*#526#*#* for wlan diagnostics . this will reload the wi-fi driver ( i tried this before without step 1 and it rebooted my mobile ) .
try this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.traber.blueappsender using this app you can send the app to another phone or tab . if you also need the data simply copy the game data folder ( mostly in android> data )
use titanium backup to backup the game + data and then transfer the backup to your new device where you can use titanium backup on the new device to restore the app+data again . however , please check whether the app is compatible with your new device .
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
lowering screen brightness is one of the energy-saving tips always coming out on top . that is not even specific to your samsung galaxy mega , but valid for all devices . for other tips ( and more details ) , see e.g. what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
the message is basically telling you that you do not have the correct bootloader version on your device ; specifically , you most likely have an older ics bootloader rather than the jelly bean one . you can read a bit about this on cyanogenmod 's google+ page , and the cm wiki page for the s3 succinctly notes : going forward , cm10.1 is no longer compatible with ics bootloaders on this device . please update or else you will get assert failures in recovery . you will need to upgrade to a newer bootloader . this carries some amount of risk since it is one of the few instances where you could potentially brick a device , but the risk is still generally pretty small . i found links to the newer at and t bootloader on xda that will work with cm 10.1 . you can flash them using odin or heimdall by following these instructions : go here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=41503727postcount=13716 put phone into download mode and then open odin . choose the pda slot and then select the correct file for your device ( at and t is lk3 ) hit start and wait until its finished . done
i ended up following the instructions here and was then able to update to 10.1.3rc2 . no need to install odin or heimdall on your computer : )
you could probably use on {x} for this . you should be able to configure it so that it sends a tweet the first time you unlock your phone each day . i have not used it much myself though so can not tell you exactly how . another possible option would be using tasker .
as a user of tweetcaster pro , which can do this for you ! there is a facility , to schedule tweets , at a designated user 's time of their choice , as well into the future : see screenshots below , notably post later : but having said that , i normally do not answer to questions asking for recommendations as they are off-topic , please read the [ faq ] .
i have the same problem with my nexus 4 using the android runtime ( art ) . it seems to be related to art and/or the new " differential updates " that the play store now allows . most app updates will now only download the updated files and resources in the apk . if a crash happens on an update , it will always occur during the gap between when the updated files are downloaded and when the installation starts . if you are using art , try switching back to dalvik .
for some reason nexus devices have an ongoing problem with playstore funny thing is google are aware of it but dont seem to be able to fix the issues . i have had an similar issue with a nexus 4 but i just downloaded an app called aptoide to get my apps from and avoided the play store altogether . hope this helps .
downloading and installing an app that contains malware . that is all . if you do not want malware on your phone , just do not install malware on your phone . that means:- when you click install on google play ( or another app store ) , check the permissions . if the app asks for permissions you were not expecting , do not install it . it is commonplace for malware authors to upload fake apps that appear to be popular or trendy games or apps , but are in fact imitations that install or contain malware . google is pretty good at taking them down these days , but they still appear for a while . genuine software vendors are happy to explain why they need each permission they ask for , so if you are not sure , check if the app description has a plausible explanation , and/or contact the vendor . if you are visiting a website and it unexpectedly downloads an apk ( an android app package ) , do not install it . just delete the file . do not install apps from warez sites . there used to be a lot of ' reputable ' warez on windows , that actually were the software they claimed to be , but on android most of the warez sites are just viruses with different names . if you are not expecting to install apps from apk files you got elsewhere , go into the settings , in the security section , and turn off installing apk files from unknown sources . you can always turn it on again when you need to . apart from that , on android you still need to apply the usual security precautions you had take with websites and emails to avoid phishing attacks and scams . check who the sender is , check what domain you are looking at or what domain the link points to . even if a message appears to be from someone you know or an organisation you trust , it could be malware posing as them , so think about whether you had expect them to send this message .
since you are rooted , you could try to replace the browser app with one from a " stock " rom that does not have the different search engine . the problem would be if the device is odexed , you might not be able to just replace the app . in which case you would have to install a completely different rom for the device .
are you able to access the google search app to install it from the market ? this will allow you to add the google search box to your home screen , as many android devices have it set by default . i am pretty sure that this should also add it to to the browsers list of search engines for those who want to search from the address bar . other than that you had just need to change your browser 's home page , which ( assuming your carrier has not locked that down ) you should be able to change in the browser 's settings ( open the browser , press menu , scroll down to and click on set home page and change to http://www.google.com ( or your regional version ) ) .
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
it looks like there are several apps that purport to do this . two that i found are : areyouthereyet ihavearrived
tasker can have approaching/leaving a location as a trigger , and sending a text message as an action . i have read before of people setting it up to do exactly what you are asking for .
life360 will notify you when anyone leaves or arrives from locations you set . you can create two locations for free .
you can try the gps share app . it is simple to use and does exactly what its name says .
wow , i figured it out ! i just had to go back to settings , then applications , then all , and then enable google play services again ! i had not deleted it after all ! yay !
you will not find this setting in android 's gmail app , but on the gmail mobile site ( accessed via browser ) it is here :
this is what you are looking for . . .
the short answer is no , there are no usb-to-ethernet dongles that the galaxy note 8 recognizes . the long answer is galaxy note 8 only supports wireless network connections unfortunately ; however that could change if samsung decides to include support for wired ethernet dongles in updates to the note 8 .
sachin shekhar that dongle wont work on the samsung galaxy note 8 because i already explained that the galaxy note 8 does not support wired network dongles some android tablets do but its up to the manufacturer to include support in their version of android . after u connect the dongle there will be nothing in the galaxy note 8 network setup for a wired network connection .
setting up a wifi network : you can simply start a WiFi hotspot on your android device , and connect laptop to this wifi network . or you can also connect to a wifi network created by host laptop , because your aim is to transfer files . edit : as op told that there is no ui available on his device ( wifi only device ) , obiviously , the only possibility to do this on un-rooted phone is to create wifi network on the other device and connect to that device , or to root the phone and add this functionality by yourself . you may be interested in following links : sms and wifi tethering on nexus 7 nexus 7 hotspot and tether can i tether from a wifi only device ? asus nexus 7 tethering and wifi hotspot not available activating wifi hotspot tethering on a verizon droid with froyo 2.2 portable wi-fi hotspot free wifi tether - rooted wifi tether for root users transferring files in a wifi network : afaik , once you are in a wifi network , you can use es file manager for this . because there is a window with name " lan " . this may give you a clue . ( i did not transferred files though )
i use foxfi to start hot spots without having to root my phone . the app is free , as well .
yeah that seems odd . . . i remember having the exact same issue however i figured out that it was the downloaded firewall application ( great app to control your data usage btw ) just " denying " access to the media component from within youtube . see if you got such apps around your system ? ? ( the firewall suggestion is basically for rooted phones )
as you said your phone is unrooted , which has two implications . you can not , without altering the phone thoroughly check whether it was tampered with . it makes it harder to tamper with the device . so what you are asking for is not possible without possibly destroying evidence of tampering . if you are afraid what they might have done to it i suggest two options : either do a factory reset or buy a new phone . even if you could look for evidence of tampering be aware that you can never be sure . checksums and modification dates can be faked . if i was you i would ditch that phone . i could never feel safe knowing that someone i do not know access to it for two days . prevention is another thing though . if you want to make sure that this does not happen again watch out for these things : screen lock . use at least a complicated pattern lock makes an attacker harder to access your data . even better set a pass phrase . root this gives complete control to anyone who has physical access to your device . plant fake call logs ? done ! fake text messages ? done ! install undetectable surveillance software ? done ! you get the idea . superuser ( the de facto standard app for managing root access ) has an option to require a passcode as a prerequisite to granting root . use it . disable usb debugging while it is not too dangerous in itself if coupled with root it can provide access to the entire contents of your device even if you have a screen lock . encryption if your device is running android 3.0 or later you have acces to full device encryption . use it . backup apps apps like titanium backup can backup sensitive data to your sdcard . even if you did all of the above , all an attacker would have to do is take out your sdcard an voila ! full access to everything ! make sure that your backups are encrypted with the strongest possible encryption .
i do not have experience with droid x2 in particular , so your results might be different , but i would suggest to find custom recovery boot image for your phone ( clockworkmod is recommended ) , then boot it with fastboot boot custom_recovery_you_found command and proceed with full nandroid backup of your phone . there might be some additional steps necessary to enable fastboot to work on your phone , usually they are described on the page you get your custom recovery from . regarding the malware that might be installed , you will never be sure . Factory wipe only wipes your data from the phone , but does not touch system applications . if you are really afraid of someone introducing malware to your phone , i would recommend to root it and install a custom rom , which will totally overwrite boot and system partitions , effectively destroying any possible modifications .
you cannot pull data folder directly since adb does not have file listing access to it . if you want to pull the /data folder you can do it via recovery ( [ custom recovery , cwm/twrp ] run adb while device is in recovery mode , hopefully a custom recovery ) . or as root , copy /data to another directory ( sdcard ) and pull it from there .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
before you do anything - make a nandroid backup using clockworkmod recovery or any other recovery tool that you may have . this is really important as it means that anything you can can be undone if needed . that said - i believe you can delete these files . i have not removed files from /data/data/ manually before , but to the best of my knowledge it will not have any bad side effects . i recommend you try just renaming that folder to something else to start off with and run your phone for a while to see if anything bad happens , if not then you are good to just remove it .
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
i was able to update to rc2 which fixed the bug introduced in rc1 . as i mentioned in the comment to @mohdyusuf unfortunately i can not upgrade beyond rc2 now , due to the same " getprop ( ) " errors mentioned in my question . but at least the right-side audio problem is resolved with rc2 .
you may be in luck ; i just finished building git for kbox2 . once i test it and figure out how to run a staged install for redistribution purposes , i can upload it and post a link edit : i have contacted the kbox2 developer ; if the client works hopefully he can package it for download/install to the kbox2 system . if you are feeling adventurous ( or impatient ) , you can always build it in kbox2 yourself ; there is a couple of gcc packages available in the downloads section
basically there are two run-time environments on android . 1 ) dalvik vm : dalvik is the managed runtime used by applications and some system services on android . dalvik was originally created specifically for the android project . 2 ) art- art is a new android runtime being introduced experimentally in the 4.4 release that will eventually replace dalvik . this is a preview of work in progress in kitkat that can be turned on in settings > developer options . important : dalvik must remain the default runtime or you risk breaking your android implementations and third-party applications . above content is from android developer site .
short answer : unless you have changed it yourself , it is dalvik . dalvik is currently the supported vm for android . art is a new vm , which is expected to become the supported one for the future l release . if you are using the l developer preview , you are using art . in kitkat , there is a preview ( an early beta version ) of art , which you can turn on from the developer options . it is not recommended to do this , because the preview has bugs and is not yet compatible with all apps . the option 's there primarily for app developers to test their apps with art and report bugs . so unless you are using the l developer preview , or have turned on art in the developer settings , you are using dalvik , which is the only recommended option for end users .
no , having a sim card from a particular country does not get you that country 's play store . see this answer on a related question for instructions from google play support about moving to a different country .
i would keep the phone rooted , with the sale option of restoring to stock rom ( if that is what the customer wants ) . or you can give the phone back with a stock rom with root . clockwork should let you do that . make sure you factory reset the phone before you give it to them ( rooted or not ) and format the sd card too .
if i was buying a used device , i would expect that a factory reset would have been done to it . either way , i would probably do a factory reset myself anyway , just because . unless , of course , i rather wanted a rooted phone . i think a factory reset is the better option . you would not want someone to stumble upon some of your personal data . in any event , it is best to make sure the buyer knows exactly what they are getting .
if you were to have a custom recovery installed onto your device , it may have options to partition the internal storage . at least , the sgs2 cwm recovery does .
i do not know for sure , but think changing internal partition layout can only be done on special development devices with the security turned off ( called s-off ) . the problem of running out of space on the internal data partition has been solved by many custom roms that can be installed after using the official htc unlock process , however . these custom roms have various methods of supporting putting apps on the sd card ( in a more seamless way than standard android ) or putting even more of the data partition storage requirements on to it ( although this often requires formatting the sd card to the ext file system and sometimes even multiple partitions ) . make sure you go through your app list in settings first , moving anything you can to sd card , by the standard android method . this is often enough and easier than installing a custom rom with a2sd ( + ) /d2w support .
so what you have sounds like one of two things . one , there is a software issue giving false readings off the temperature sensor . in order to diagnose this i would recommend installing a third party battery monitor which can monitor temperature . if this gives you a normal temperature you know its software and a factory reset should fix your problems . if it still is -20 than it could be hardware or just firmware level software . two , the temperature sensor could be broken or malfunctioning giving a false or default reading . either way if does not cause any problems a factory reset would either fix it or tell you what is wrong . let me know how it goes , i may have some other options for you if need be .
you can use smart shortcuts ( lets you organize applications and bookmarks in folders using tags ) , of the astro file manager , which let you add shortcuts to folders of the filesystem .
another cause of this error message is that the country in which you are may require your imei to be registered with the government - if you have already registered it check whether it has been removed from the relevent list ( turkey in my case so i checked http://imei.tk.gov.tr/tr/imeisorgu.php and found it had been removed ) and contact the relevent government official to get it put back on . i do not understand why the error message refers to the sim card - it misled me and wasted hours of my time as the problem in my case was nothing to do with the sim card . i assume this is an android error message - i think the message should be improved and presumably mention " imei " but i am not sure exactly what it should say . perhaps others in this forum can suggest a better error message .
it appears several sites suggest preventing the phone from using 3g . i have gone into settings -> wireless and network -> mobile networks -> network mode -> gsm only . this appears to have fixed the issue for me . of course this would not be a solution for anybody who relies on mobile data ( but my provider charges so much for data that i am wi-fi only ) .
uc browser is the only popular android browser i have found to support swipe navigation ( i.e. . one-finger dragging from left or right side slides to previous/next page without refreshing ) . swiping only works adequately in fit-to-screen mode , but even though it is not as smooth as safari , it does the job . : )
xscope browser can do this . you can also set the swipe from bezel like ios .
it looks like this is a physical problem with the camera - either the lens or ( more likely ) the glass that covers the lens . on a close inspection of the camera i can see a lot ( for the small area ) of dark specks on the inside of the outermost lens element . i do not know what is caused this , but it is this that is causing the reduction in quality of the images .
now with your latest details , a raw approach . as you are on a stock rom , switching gps might not work out-of-the-box . in case it does not work , take a look at the secure settings plugin , which should be able to help out . i assume your raw concept is : 8am to 5pm is work time , and you want different settings during work hours and after leaving work , considering eventual late-work issues . so this should preferably turn out as a single profile : at work do . . . and after work switch to . . . . so here 's what shoud basically work : profile " work": condition : time from 8am till 5pm task : audio -> silent mode : on exit task : misc -> gps : on ( might need to be replaced by secure settings , see above ) now we enter a second profile , and you probably do not even need gps : profile : " afterwork": condition : state -> tasker -> profile active : " work " [ x ] invert state -> phone -> cell near : ( scan your work cells ) [ x ] invert task : audio -> silent mode : off so you see you neither need gps nor the 15min wait loop . at 8am the " work " profile gets active , and switches your phone to silent mode . as you do not really need gps , you can define some dummy exit task here ( e . g . again switching silent mode on ) , as otherwise tasker would automatically revert to the " before " mode . the second profile does not even check conditions before " work " has completed , as tasker remembers which profiles are active . after that , it starts monitoring the surrounding mobile cells -- which are either known by the phone as needed for telephony . if none of the surrounding cells match any of the scanned cells , the attached task is executed and silent mode turned off . but why so complicated ? much easier done like this : profile " work": condition : cell near ( scan your work place mobile cells ) task : audio -> silent mode : on done . no matter what time you are at work , your phone will be silent . and no matter whether you leave work early or late , silent mode will be switched off .
although this question is already answered , and accepted , i would like to add to it . sounds like what you want is pure location-based profiles . tasker is very powerful , but if you are willing to try an alternative , there is llama . it is roughly the same as tasker , except that almost every action is location-based . it ' learns ' a location you want to set up ( like home ) , by scanning the antennae of the mobile network in the immediate area . that is a lot more energy-efficient than using gps . for the things you want to set up , llama will be much simpler to configure . let the phone learn the places you want to use in your conditions , and add one or more actions . e.g. " leave home " -> do " enable bluetooth " " disable wifi " . you will not have to worry about timings , as the profiles only change when you physically , actually move to or from a location . give it a try . ps : i am not affiliated .
here 's what i need to do : 1st step : launch the settings app , scroll to the bottom , and tap about phone . 2nd step : in the middle of the screen is the listing for android version . tap this item until you see a jelly bean appear on your screen . you can then tap and hold the giant jelly bean until your device vibrates . you should then see interactive beans floating all over your screen . and yes , you can fling them . go ahead , try it . 3rd step : after doing , this the beanflinger daydream will be unlocked . you can find the daydream option by going to settings > display > daydream . hope it will help to all of the users facing this same kind of problem .
go to Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Daydream and select your desired daydream . after this , tap When to daydream and select when you want it to work . now , when you charge/dock the device , leave the screen on and after a while , the daydream will start . for me , this required me not to lock the screen manually by pressing the power button , and disabling Stay awake from Developer options .
tap Android version from Settings -&gt; About Phone for the few times until big jelly bean appears . then touch and hold this big jelly bean . now , you can see several small jelly beans moving on the screen . finally , you can see BeanFinger option on Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Daydream .
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
if your android is not root , you can try another pc program called backuptans android sms + mms transfer . connected your phone to computer via usb or wifi and then click the backup button to save messages on computer . and yes , mms restoring from computer to android is supported . tested with my galaxy s3 . ps : it also can work for an android phone with broken screen . just make sure your have enabled usb debugging on device first .
titanium backup should be able to backup and restore both sms and mms messages ( requires root ) . launch it and select the " messages " item from the backup/restore menu :
yes , it can be done but it requires root . you edit the device fingerprint in the build . prop file . here are details : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-spica/98024-protected-app-market-fix-tutorial-build-prop.html edit : for a more complete answer , see modify phone model in build . prop to purchase unsupported apps before i upgrade to a new phone ?
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
yes it is correct . i could able to install only thruough rom manager but not in manual recovery mode ( constantly the first copied rom-supernexus is peremenanatly found in cwm )
when your android device is rooted , you should be able to flash images . there is a " gapps " package that contains the google applications ( like gmail , . . . ) that is delivered with most aosp roms , so you can flash that through recovery . if i am not mistaken , this enables the google play store on the given rom . i think the gapps package must be ( somewhat ) compatible with the rom it is being flashed on . there are also separate apk files that you can install directly ( without flashing ) , though i have no experience with those . and again , they probably must be compatible with the rom you are currently running . please refer to xda-developers . com for more information .
first you need to make sure that you have backed all of your data up , because the next process will hard reset your cell . there will be no rooting or anything in the following steps . if your phone is set to 12 hours format , alter your settings back to 24 hours format ( settings--> date and time--> check 24 hour format ) go to your keypad , as if you are going to dial a number , then dial *#272*xxxx# please mind that those xs are not letters they represent time , for example if it is 23:15 then you dial *#272*2315# right after the previous step , and without hitting any key , you will get some options after that , make sure you choose xsg then install the market . right after the market installation , you cell will automatically hard reset itself and all of your data will be wiped . reboot your cellphone you will have your stock firmware all over again but with google 's market and that is it . i have tried this before btw , and it worked just fine .
i believe it is a carrier specific issue . try the solution suggested here or here .
the android market is on the galaxy s , it is a google-approved device . edit : since you are not on froyo already i recommend getting it through kies mini , download from : http://samsung.com/uk/ . that should have the market since it is not through your carrier . you have a gt-i9000 , so you could also try a jpx-based rom like this one : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=854799
you are right in that it theoretically should be possible to make the switch without dropping the signal , but unfortunately we users and even cm developers can do very little to change that . the only thing the rom does is tell the radio to switch from one mode to another , it is up to the radio 's firmware to decide how to make the change . these firmwares are not something you can change , since giving the users the power to change how the radio works is just asking for trouble . the reason why the firmwares lose the signal probably has to do with the fact that when you change the mode , you actually turn off part of the radio that handles the now unused network mode . but when the switch happens because of bad reception the radio that lost signal stays on and continues to search for a signal ( so you can get 3g back after you return to civilization ) .
in stock android 4.0.4 it is available-wcdma only , dual mode , gsm only . but in custom rom 's as aokp they have no wcdma only mode , even in android 4.2.2 aokp version . it is really pathetic when you use internet in dual mode-umts/hsdpa only/hsdpa and hsupa as in aokp android 4.2.2 version because signals tend to reroute to gsm when strength decreases instead of sticking to what is left of hsdpa/wcdma as in wcdma only mode , available in stock android 4.0.4- i am using sgs2 gt-i9100 .
in settings / location settings , uncheck " report from this device " . make also sure to disable google now . seems to do the trick with maps 6.14.1 on jb 4.1.2 .
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
do not go to google drive directly . gallery select the files you want to upload share ( icon like branch ) -now you choose google drive and folder . . . click ok and you are in business
firstly , this is assuming you have ics or higher ( not sure if the gallery works this way before then ) . if you open an album , you should be able to long-press on a photo , and then at the top of the screen , where it says 1 selected , press that and you can say ' select all ' . then upload them .
look at /mnt/sdcard/download . and based on al 's comment , i suggest making sure your phone is not connected to your pc and then reboot the phone before looking there .
make sure the wi-fi router is not banning you . wi-fi routers have a setting to allow/deny specific mac addresses which could be used by your brother ( to tease you ) . if you are allowed to connect with router , this means dhcp is not working for you . dhcp service automatically assign ips to devices in network . dhcp server on router could be corrected after reboot . it has assigned ip to your brother 's device , after all . if rebooting router does not work , it means that dhcp client in your device is not working properly to obtain ip . try turning off - on wi-fi , restart device . if its not a big matter , you may do factory reset , too . if it is also not working or you do not want to do factory reset , fix ip of device . on wi-fi settings screen , hit menu button and tap Advanced . from here , you can fix ip to device after ticking Use Static IP address . if you do not know ip addressing , grab your brother 's ip and change digit after last dot . make sure , no other device in network has that ip .
the reason the op cannot see an app due to a message not available in your country is down to the very simple check on the sim card . each sim card has a carrier identification , and country code identification . when android powers up , the radio interface layer ( ril ) obtains the carrier and network information in which the baseband receives over the air , here is a small subset of an example taken from gingerbread source , apns-conf.xml notice the values for mcc , mnc , for spain for example , in this case , 214 , and 01 , 04 etc , that carrier information is transmitted across to the sim card and internally within android for reference . the play store , reads the phone state , and deduces the carrier information as a measure for " filtering " out apps based on the region/carrier . however , if the sim card is from the country of origin , for example , uk ( this also applies when roaming ) , android " remembers " the mcc and mnc and pushes that aside , and gets replaced with the preferential carrier 's network codes for the said values of mcc and mnc respectively when roaming , for example , spain . ( incidentally , as a side note , that is how auto-update of time-zones are supposedly to work , by looking up the mcc , and timezone , add on x minutes to the clock maintained by android ) . but that is in a nutshell , in how the play store determines what to show for that intended audience based on their respective network . there are work-arounds available , by faking the carrier code is one , market enabler does that exactly that . please see the other answer that was posted in how to get-around the limitations and work-arounds .
the update is cumulative , it will directly be upgraded to 4.4.3 unfortunately the latest update does not address that bug . source
if you are sure you can remove the apps , you need to be rooted ( see how do i root my phone ? ) to do so . i recommend using titanium backup to uninstall them , you just load titanium and then click on the app name to bring up a menu where you can uninstall it .
it is not bluetooth , but try my open source project cross copy for inter-device copy and paste : browse to http://cross-copy.net on both devices choose the same code word to establish a connection between the devices upload the files on the mac a download link for each file will appear on the page of the nexus 7
provided both the android handset and your mac share a common wifi connection ( same ap that allows client-to-client connections ) : install an ftp server or a webserver app that allows uploading : for example airdroid . it allows file-uploading via drag and drop even . you will find your uploaded files in airdroid/upload in the sdcard folder .
the android developers web site has the new features for users and developers listed under the " android 3.2 platform " . digging into that page , under the revisions heading it lists "3.2 , revision 1" as the only revision . i would guess that this would be the 3.2.1 update then . new user features optimizations for a wider range of tablets android 3.2 includes a variety of optimizations across the system to ensure a great user experience on a wider range of tablet devices . compatibility zoom for fixed-sized apps android 3.2 introduces a new compatibility zoom mode that gives users a new way to view fixed-sized apps on larger devices . the new mode provides a pixel-scaled alternative to the standard ui stretching for apps that are not designed to run on larger screen sizes , such as on tablets . the new mode is accessible to users from a menu icon in the system bar , for apps that need compatibility support . media sync from sd card on devices that support an sd card , users can now load media files directly from the sd card to apps that use them . a system facility makes the files accessible to apps from the system media store .
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android™ market has been updated . android™ books has been updated .
can not find an app so far . smart app protector seems best we can do
encryption of saved data ( the data on flash storage ) is a feature of android 4.0 and higher . the only non-4.0-device i am aware of that allows full flash storage encryption is the lenovo thinkpad tablet . encryption of connection data ( data that goes over the wire ) was a big security concern in some android versions . google has released some updated versions of the affected apps , but it is unkown if they where dispatched on every device . iirc most fixes got into 2.3.5 , but i can not find the source atm - googles disclosure policy is not so good . here are some good resources about this topic : the insecurity of google 's clientlogin protocol what android sync'd data is encrypted ? ungesicherte einsichten ( german ) ( "unsecure insights" )
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
your concern is very real . most developers and users do not understand the benefits of using ssl and other forms of encryption . you can guarantee encryption by using an ssh tunnel , although it will only ensure the stream is encrypted to the exit point ( which would be the server to which you are connected ) . this is good if you are simply trying to prevent your isp from spying on you . another way would be to use torproject 's orbot . this has the same idea in mind , except you will not be required to provide your own tunneling server and benefit from being able to change your exit point at will . orbot also uses multiple proxies to help obfuscate your identity . of course , you are encouraged to help participate and provide a relay if at all possible . in order to have 100% stream encryption , neither of these options are fool-proof , but may help you in your endeavor . this is why it is important ( especially now ) to use different passwords for different sites , as some sites/services will not provide the same level of security as another . ssl on a public wifi , while still much much more secure than non encrypted streams , does not provide 100% failsafe protection . unfortunately , root certificate authorities are vulnerable to hacks , and some ( trustwave ) have even been caught issuing certificates to companies they knew were not the owners of the website specifically to allow said companies to spy on encrypted connections . it is also easy to strip ssl out in applications that do not require secure connections . you do , however , have a few options that will provide you with stronger security . you can use gpg to encrypt messages and data using your intended target 's public key . one pass encryption has the highest level of security for certain applications . tldr ; your phone is insecure . it is up to you to decide what conveniences you need , and how they will impact your security . there are many practices in which you can become disciplined that will help minimize your risks , but at the end of the day it is your responsibility to safeguard what you deem private . i would be more worried about the data that each app you have installed is trying to offload to it is servers . read through the ' permissions ' of each app you install before you download it , and decide if it really needs half of what it says it does .
there is nothing that forces the use of https for android applications . some data may not make sense to transfer over https , instead relying on other mechanisms ( say , gpg key signature checks ) to verify the data .
caution : does not use tasker . take a look at [ whatsapp ] scheduler root beta . it lets you schedule messages , and also lets you specify the frequency ( once , every minutes , hourly , daily , weekly , monthly , anually , steps ) . requires root access .
check out cyanogenmod . it is a custom rom that has a profiles feature built in where you can define which apps should have audible notifications .
its somewhat tricky . . do not go in Silent mode using stock settings . use quick profiles app to silent everything except notifications . then , hunt down all apps which are generating audible notifications . you will found gmail , facebook , astrid etc . check settings of all those apps . generally , they all allow users to set notification ringtone . access this option and choose Silent ringtone for all apps except calendar . done !
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
first of all , since you have modified the system , the ota update could very well fail partway through -- most of those are distributed as patches against the existing binaries . the easy way to update is to find a pre-rooted stock rom , like this one . you may need to update your radio first though , information and download links are available here . i think the one you have was the official froyo radio -- you will need the gingerbread radio for newer roms to work properly . 2.15.10.07.07 is the official gingerbread radio . however , if you want to go the hard way , keeping root ( or at least the ability to re-root easily ) is easy provided your incredible is nand unlocked ( aka s-off ) . recent versions of unrevoked do this automatically , but depending on where you downloaded from and when could affect that . to check if you are s-off , reboot into the bootloader ( aka hboot ) . to do that , power off the phone , then hold down the volume down button and power it up . keep the vol dn button held until you get a screen like the following : you can also see the notification that it has s-off at the top of the screen . that is what you want to see . if that is missing ( or says s-on ) , then you do not have s-off . if you are not , get the latest unrevoked forever . once that is done , you can flash whatever you want and still be able to reroot easily by simply flashing your recovery of choice ( often clockworkmod ) from hboot and then reflashing a root/superuser package from recovery .
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
if you have remote wipe enabled ( assuming it still works with encrypted device ) , the pin may not secure your device forever , but it may do so long enough to give you time to wipe your device .
if you are trying to crack the disk encryption , independent of the rest of the device in a scenario where you have a powered off device , or just the memory chips , then this is a different attack vector than that used on a powered-on password protected device where the decryption key may be held in memory ( leading to vulnerabilities used by things like the firewire encryption key stealers prevalent on pcs using older fde encryption software and not a tpm-type module ) , or the unlock screen could be brute-forced ( or have its own vulnerabilities ) . if you are attacking the disk directly then in this case you are not attacking the 4-digit pin or user password that is encrypting the device , what you are attacking is the 128 bit aes key : the master key is a 128 bit number created by reading from /dev/urandom . it is encrypted with a hash of the user password created with the pbkdf2 function from the ssl library . the footer also contains a random salt ( also read from /dev/urandom ) used to add entropy to the hash from pbkdf2 , and prevent rainbow table attacks on the password . from point 4 under " enabling encryption on the device " of the notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0 that you linked to . ( was going to be a comment but ended up far too long )
you can use this command on a root shell to change the encryption password : su -c vdc cryptfs changepw &lt;new_password&gt;  where &lt;new_password&gt; should be replaced by your password . source : http://nelenkov.blogspot.be/2012/08/changing-androids-disk-encryption.html
one possible solution for this is to use whispercore , but it requires you to root your device . i have also filled a feature request at the android project page .
by using a password/phrase vs four digit pin , you are increasing the security of your device . the trick of it is , even by having a four character password , you have just increased your security for two reasons : you have increased the available characters . you have taken away the attackers knowledge of your pw length . if an attacker knows your password is 14 characters , it is more secure than a four or eight character password , but typical statistics use ranges ( 1-4 , 1-8 , 1-14 ) and not the reality ( which would be simply calculating one length 's available combinations ) . currently , it is simply way to easy to access your phone 's data . your grandmother has the capability of doing so ( no offense to you or your family :p ) . so , while you are right that there are limitations of this encryption , the ' broken ' version works a lot better than non-encrypted data currently practiced . it is up to you to judge how sensitive and private your data is , as well as how much of a target you are for such data to be stolen . choosing an appropriate password is your responsibility once you have assessed these risk .
bit of a kludge , but you could create a web page which sends you to wikipedia and has an icon according to your taste , and bookmark that .
this is a slightly convoluted workaround , but you could use my app showr . it lets you add any image to your home screen , and one of the actions it can perform is launching a web page of your choice when clicked . you could add a showr widget to your home screen , set it to use any wikipedia icon of your choice ( whether it is already saved to your phone , or by giving it the url of an icon to download ) , and set it to launch wikipedia ( in your browser ) when clicked . showr is a free download from google play .
appereantly , you have to define an " access point name " in order for your mobile data to work . in settings => wireless and networks => mobile networks => access point names => menu => new apn the settings vary by operator , you can find the israeli ones here .
the stock android brower uses webkit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/webkit as rendering engine . the solution adopted by opera assumes that network speed is there , whilst processing power is not . these days this is not a given , the new dual core phones have power to spare ( sgsii has a hardware accelerated browser ! ) whilst the 3g network is often congested in main urban spots . it might improve things on lower end android devices .
in opera mobile , you can enable opera turbo to use the same proxying technology as used by opera mini . android stock browser does not use compressing proxy at all and i believe neither does firefox mobile ( though given that firefox mobile has plugins system there might be a plugin for that ) . several lesser known browsers in the market does use similar proxying technique , but i can not recall off the top of my head which ones though .
as long as your tablet is running android 4.1 or newer then there are a number of music players that can put player controls in the notification area on your device . this is so that you can just access the notification bar while you are running another app , without exiting the original app . i have not got a screenshot handy of how it looks on a tablet , but here 's an example of one on a phone : try searching the play store for something like mp3 notification bar controls
starting with version 6 , deduplication support has been built into clockworkmod recovery . the blobs directory folder contains a hashed directory structure that holds the deduplicated files across all backups . see the developer 's google+ post for more , in short : tl ; dr : clockworkmod recovery now deduplicates files between builds . this results in way smaller backups . do not delete /sdcard/clockworkmod/blobs
you could try something like vlc remote . it can apparently even be configured to work with an mplayer install instead of vlc if you prefer ( according to this project , at least ) . there is also a remote app for songbird available , and you can find it in the market as well .
sounds like you are looking for mpd ( music player daemon ) . it does not require x and there are lots of different clients/remotes for all kinds of operating systems including android .
i had to use fastboot oem lock on my galaxy nexus . at my unlocked device i could not see the filesystem in explorer ( mtp ) .
from this xda thread by albundy2010 i have seen quite of few people screw up their devices by not knowing what they are doing . so i am making this thread to simply tell people not familiar with fastboot what they should and should not do . fastboot oem unlock will unlock your bootloader and do a complete wipe of your device . as far as i know the only way for something to go wrong here is if you are device is low on battery and shuts off during the process . either plug it in or have a " good " amount of juice left in your battery . to be 100 percent sure plug it in . before i get into oem lock imho you should only use this command for one thing only . getting the device ready to send into motorola for the lgt upgrade or a another warranty repair or some sort . when done properly it is completely safe but there is no reason to do to go back to " stock " . fastboot oem lock . do not issue this command unless you are absolutely sure you have the correct software on your device . the correct software is what you get from the motodev site for your device . you need the official sofware images for your specific device and region . if it is not released then do not re-lock the device . if you have a ota installed you will need to flash back to the motodev images first .
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
problem solved , and i think i am finally getting a handle on all of this after several hours of some serious digging through the interwebz , and a bit of trial and error . so here is what i ended up doing , step by step : locate a stock rom as suggested by matthew read and user12295 . this was possibly the hardest part as there were so many dead links out there , and i ended up using a link i found to the shipped roms website . i elected to download the file labelled RUU_Ace_Gingerbread_S_HTC_WWE_2.50.405.2_Radio_12.54.60.25_26.09.04.11_M2_release_199042_signed.exe . fully charged the battery on the phone . located the original htc cable in a fit of paranoia and connect my phone to my laptop using a usb2.0 port . for some weird reason the usb3.0 on my particular laptop would not let me connect the phone during the flashing process the first time i tried to do this . ran the ruu utility that i had downloaded , crossed my fingers , and waited for the phone to be wiped and flashed after navigating the various screens of the ruu . saw my phone go through a reboot at the end of the process . . . and all connectivity was working with full networking/identity data restored . so it turns out that the imei number is flashed to a different bit of the phone 's internal memory , and the stock flash somehow picks this up . so all systems go , but i miss many of the features of the phone , including the better battery life that i had under a better rom and because a couple of my own experimental apps will no longer work . all of a sudden i wish i would downloaded the 1.72 version of the ruu as it seems i need to go through a downgrade process in order to root the phone and get a custom rom reinstalled . after a bit more interwebz digging , i came across an application called ultimate multi tool , and i worked through the following procedure : connected phone to laptop ( as per earlier process ) set phone to charge only on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> unknown sources on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging ran the ultimate multi tool operations -> temproot operations -> gold card . clicked on the cid button to get the id for my sd-card . clicked on the " free htc goldcard generator " link and filled out the form on the screen to generate a goldcard image . clicked on the load goldcard . img button and located the goldcard . img file clicked on the create goldcard button . operations -> downgrade . i needed to locate a file called pd98img . zip before i could begin the downgrade process . the downgrade process was very slow . took about 30 minutes for me , but your time may vary . as an afterthought , simply applying an earlier ruu may have been a better approach , but i thought i should document exactly what i did . phone rebooted into hboot menu , and i simply followed instructions on pc and phone screens . waited for downgrade to complete and rebooted phone . repeat steps 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 used on screen buttons to push visionary+ and superuser to the phone . on the phone , ran visionary+ checked the set system r/w after root checkbox selected temproot now after process finished , selected permroot now superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button phone reboots set phone to charge only once it had finished rebooting completely back to ultimate multi tool , and selected file -> check s-off/cid/sim superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button tool now reports back that the cid is a whole bunch of 1 's , phone is s-off , and sim unlocked . :- )
since this is of the samsung galaxy family , the following may help you : on my galaxy s3 , the setting is controlled as ' alerts on call ' . see : dialer\call settings\call alert\alerts on call - uncheck this and calls will not be interrupted with notifications .
depending on your phone / software , there should be an option somehwere in the camera app , something about geotagging or storing location data ( being the same thing ) . ( just open the camera app , click menu and scroll through the settings ) as far as app permissions are concerned : does your app really need your location ? most likely not . maps , navigation , gps tools , geocaching tools , foursquare and pretty much any app that is designed to and downloaded because of their handling of location data all need the fine location ( well , to be fair , foursquare does not as long as you do not use it as a substitute for google places ) . just ask yourself : does the new version of angry birds really need to know where i am ? nah . from then on it is just one of two things : either you ignore the permissions since your really like that app , or you stick by your principles and do not download the app . however , to be safe , simply disable gps when you are not really using it anyway ( for navigation or something ) , once gps is disabled , apps will not get your fine location , only your estimated location based on last know location or wifi triangulation or whatever is used to get your estimated location via wifi .
is it safe to allow any application to access these things ? no . there are malicious apps . are there any clues as to which apps are safe and which are not ? not really , unless you look at the source code . generally , you can trust popular , well-rated apps to not be malicious . they might be collecting your info for use in ads , though , and so on . if any info is ever sent from an app to a company 's servers , they can use and abuse that data . if you do not trust a company ( including trusting their internal security protocols and ability to maintain security , etc . ) then do not trust their app . you can use an app like droidwall to ensure that apps that do not need it cannot access the network ; that does not guarantee that they will not delete data on your phone and that sort of thing , but it will guarantee that your data stays private ( unless droidwall is malicious or defective , which i do not think it is , or can be worked around ) .
there is a setting in the camera for geo location . go into the camera settings and there should be an option in there . as for apps that use fine location and whether it is safe , its not always safe . it depends on the developer . some developers choose to enable the fine location for location based advertising even if the actual app does not require it . you can not really tell if it is safe or not or whether it is necessary it mainly comes down to common sense and whether or not you trust the developer . a way to stop the app using location is to disable the phones gps which an be found in the settings . hope this helps
i do not have your phone model on hand to try , but you can give this link a shot . generally , just go to settings > security > check make passwords visible . this is true for my phone ( htc desire , bcm 4.0.4 ) . hope it works for you .
lots of screens are cracked and they still work . mine has had two cracks in it for over a year . at first i put thin non glossy mending tape on each crack . it was unnecessary no glass sticks out on it though i can feel them with a fingernail , so i just leave it bare . for anything worse and still working you might use a screen protector , which i would certainly do if the alternative was getting cuts on my fingers . would be interesting what your experience actually was as has been several months since you posted .
there is not just one thing called wma , wma describes a whole set of different audio formats and technologies that all normally have a . wma ending . some of these are drm encrypted , some have higher or lower level quality than others , some are optimized for voices . it is entirely possible that although your audio file has a . wma extension and container , inside that it is actually a type of codec that android can already natively handle . see these links for a bit more explanation : gentle introduction to video encoding : lossy audio codecs and wikipedia - wma
i believe an actual windows media audio decoder would require to be licensed from microsoft to be included as such in android . like how microsoft exchange intergration is liceanced from microsoft by handset manufactures to include in their android phones ( htc i think does so off the top of my head ) and why exchange by touchdown i assume costs $19.99 . like gathrawn said , the . wma files you claim are probably mp3 or another format android natively supports with a mislabeled file extension - try encoding some yourself and give it another try . : )
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
an part of the ram is reserved - often for the gpu - and not useable by the dalvik vm and apps . this is not uncommon : samsungs galaxy s has also 512mb but only 334mb are useable by apps . this can differ from rom version to version .
i solved my problem by connecting my phone to usb and pressing vol up + cam + power for await my pc recognize the device . after that , i use acer tools to flash my device with the bin of android
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
the manufacturer is trying to help you . walking around taking photos with a tablet makes you look like a twerp , so they try to discourage you by not putting a good quality camera in there . that might be a slightly silly answer , but it is not entirely untrue . taking photos with your phone is really popular these days , because you always have your phone with you . the quality of the phone camera is therefore a big selling point , and manufacturers compete on that . it is much less common to take photos with a tablet : not just because you look like a twit holding it up , but because people do not take a tablet with them on a night out , or a bike ride . tablets are mainly for using at home on the couch , or in bed , at the office , or on a long train ride . the cameras on tablets are mainly targeted at scanning qr codes , and maybe doing a little video calling over the internet . for this reason , the camera quality is not such a selling point , and it makes more sense for manufacturers to spend the budget on other factors that consumers rate , such as the screen , the ram , and the processing power .
at least in this device , the network configuration dialog is plagued with bugs . what i did is to create the network , save it , then long click to modify it and the options appear . i have also used wifi manager to configure the network . good to know someone developed an app to do what google could not get right . and i have seen some other bugs in this dialog too . for instance , when you type the ca certificate name , then you save the network , and then you open it again to modify , the cert name is no longer there ( this field used to be a spinner in previous versions , but now it is a regular text field ) . a similar problem happens with the password . after typing it and saving the network , then opening the network again to modify it , the password field only contains a single character . and it somehow seems to save the configuration mostly ok , it is just the dialog is not initialized correctly with the previously saved fields .
ok buddy , this method works for me : *i have found a way to make it connect - at least it worked for me ! you have to select the network from the list but while it is trying to connect , you have to long press on the network and select modify to bring up the settings window . then just enter your settings as normal . i only had to do this once to set up the network and now it connects automatically . * the autor is flarge in xda forums , i don´t linked , i don´t know if here i can do it . cya !
use the built-in People app to see those contacts . or , you can use third-party apps like contacts + .
try adding another contacts application like touchpal contacts . the contacts and/or people app is part of the google suite of apps . perhaps the manufacturer of your tablet did not bundle it with your device or it might have been deleted somehow .
as mentioned in my question there is a " contacts " app already listed under settings > apps > all , but there is no way to directly launch this . there is no related contacts/people app icon on the apps page . i have accessed this " contacts " app at least once in the past , via another application , but i cannot remember how i did this . anyway . . . a workaround . . . i installed resizable contacts widget ics . this is a very small/simple app that provides a widget that you can place on the home screen to give quick access to one ( or more ) of your contacts . tap the contact/widget and a contact summary pops up . tap the contact summary and it opens the full contact app from which i can search and manage all my ( gmail ) contacts . solution dan kindly emailed me this solution for how to access this mysterious contacts app from within your mail app - no third party apps required . at the top of any incoming email ( using google mail app or the android mail app ) in the big blue bar at the top you will see the sender ( picture or icon ) and sender 's address . if you click on the senders picture or icon there will be a pop-up with details on that contact . in the pop-up , just under the picture to the right there will be a small " head and shoulders " icon . click that , and voila ! you are in the contacts app . the sender needs to already be in your contacts for this to work , otherwise you get prompted , ' add "xyz@example.com" to contacts ' ? as dan admits , this is " still back assward " , but it would seem to be the most viable solution so far for what has proved to be a rather common problem !
the clue is in the error message , which says it can not connect to the proxy server . if your device is configured to use a web proxy , then it'll never connect directly to localhost : it connects to the web proxy and asks that for the web page you really want . this will not work with a local web server . to use a local web server , turn off your web proxy settings . see this related question for more info about that .
try running " sudo adb devices " . or , fix your udev rules so that the usb device is writable by your user ( see the link in caffinatedmonkey 's comment )
firefox supports kerberos authentication i believe . you need to change the settings in About -&gt; config
no , it does not . unfortunately all the major android browsers that i know of -- firefox , opera , dolphin , skyfire -- do not appear to support it either . firefox does support ntlm , and i would expect it to support kerberos sooner or later .
the file you downloaded " cf-auto-root-jflte-jfltexx-gti9505 . tar . md5" is not designed for the device you are trying to use it on . gt-i9505 is the international model , and is different from your at and t model sgh-i337 . any rooting methods must be tailored for your exact device model . i recommend heading to the section dedicated to your specific device on xda-developers forums and reading up on guides and how-to 's . specifically , this post lists several rooting methods , depending on your phone 's currently installed firmware/baseband version .
app developers have the ability to do a staged roll-out of updates to their apps through google play store . this means that a small percentage of users ( chosen randomly ) receives the update first . the developer can gauge the feedback , and then proceed to a wide roll-out until they reach 100% of their install base . it is possible that the latest version of this particular app was recently released in such a staged roll-out . one of your phones was randomly selected to be in the initial stage , while the other was not . there is nothing for you to do , other than wait for the roll-out to complete . as comments suggest , you can also attempt to sync the app manually by retrieving it from one phone and installing it on the other . this requires installation of usb drivers for your phone on your computer , and a copy of android sdk . if you are rooted , you can get the apk of the app using adb pull /data/app/&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk c:\ command , and then connect the other phone and do adb install -r c:\&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk . on unrooted devices you may want to look into adb backup utility which allows you to generate an .ab file which contains the apk of the app , along with its data . for example , the command adb backup -f c:\Skype.ab -apk com.skype.raider creates " skype . ab " file on my c : drive that contains the skype app and its data . i can then use adb restore c:\Skype.ab command to restore the app with the data . optionally , you can clear the data for the app from your other phone in settings -> apps . the difficulty is locating the package name of the app you want to back up . although package names are usually descriptive enough , sometimes they can be quite cryptic . fortunately , play store itself has the package name in the url . in your example , the app out of milk is located at the following url : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.capigami.outofmilk . the portion of this url after " id=" is the package name . in this case it is com . capigami . outofmilk . so your backup command becomes adb backup -f c:\OutOfMilk.ab -apk com.capigami.outofmilk .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
not usefully . if you root the device , you can use a tool such as iptables to configure a rate limit , but the only way for that to work on downloads is to drop network packets above a certain limit . the effect of this will be that the apps on your phone see slower downloads , but the overall use of your wi-fi or mobile data connection will be greater , because the server has to keep re-sending packets that have reached your phone but been dropped . this is not an android-specific problem : it is just how the internet works . desktop machines have just the same problem with rate-limiting . it is just worse on mobile : because wireless network connections genuinely do lose packets more often , they are usually set up to re-send more aggressively than wired connections . the exception to this is if you have a particular app whose network protocol supports rate negotiation . bittorrent is one example . in that case , you should set the appropriate setting in the app you want to limit .
if your only worry is about being on the correct data plan , you should not have to do anything . for cdma carriers like verizon or sprint , your esn will be registered with correct access speeds when you sign up for service with those companies . for gsm carriers ( like at and t and t-mobile , for example ) there are different apn settings for various data speed tiers ( e . g . 2g only , 3g hspa , 4g hspa+ , 4g lte , etc . ) when signing up for a particular plan with these companies , you will be given the appropriate settings that will limit your line 's data speed appropriately . even using the wrong apn settings will not do any harm , since your account is associated with the correct tier . the data connection simply will not work unless the correct settings are restored .
there are two ways to apply and use swap on your device , using a swap file or using a swap partition . this guide provides instructions for both of them . disable compcache first step is to confirm the status or presence of the compressed cache , thus ensuring that it is disabled . while cyanogenmod does not enable compcache support on all devices , and by default if available it comes disabled , you can check the status by accessing :  Settings \xbb CyanogenMod settings \xbb Performance settings \xbb Compcache  if it does not show , your device does not support compcache . if it show , disable it to use swap instead . using swap ( file or partition ) swap can give more available memory than compcache , but you need at least a class 6 sd card to prevent slow access times . you should also be aware that sd write wear is increased , so , the card will last less than usual would last . using a swap file this is the easiest way , you can have an app creating and managing the swap file for you : here 's three recommended apps for this : swapper 2 swapper droidswap using a swap partition you can manually create a swap partition , but for that to happen , you need to backup your sd card contents ; format , and partition it . the swap partition does bring better compatibility , when compared with swap files , but only concerning the connection of your phone as an usb mass storage device . sd card partitioning the method of reference if the use of minitool partition wizard home edition , compatible with windows 2000/xp/vista and windows 7 . download and install minitool partition wizard ; remove the sd card from your device , insert into usb sd card reader . windows should report a new drive and you should see the drive contents . delete old partitions on sd card : notes : operations are queued , not instantly applied . so nothing is deleted and changed until you click " apply " and then confirm by clicking " ok " . confirm that you are selecting and flagging to delete the correct drive . your sd card should be the smallest one present on your computer . select it , with a right mouse click , select " delete": create fat or fat32 partition : right mouse click over the sd card unallocated space , and click " create": from " create as " , select : PRIMARY from " file system " , select : for sd card bellow 2gb : FAT for sd card above 2gb : FAT32 under " size and location " , at the right side , mouse left click and hold , then slide to the left to adjust the space for this partition . create ext2 or ext3 or swap partition : right mouse click over the sd card unallocated space , and click " create": from " create as " , select : PRIMARY from " file system " , select : for app2sd : ext2 for swap : Linux Swap apply changes now that all has been created , you just need to apply and confirm the changes : on the top left , there is a button labeled " apply " , press it : a confirmation popup should be presented , press " yes": all done , your sd card can now return to your phone . if your current rom is capable of using swap , it will detect and use it . notes please read everything carefully before proceeding . as mentioned by t0mm13b in the comments to your question , this subject as been covered , and the cyanogenmod team informs that this features are disabled by default due to potential issues : swap and compressed cache ( compcache ) are optional memory management systems . by default , these schemes are disabled due to potential issues with some configurations . credits to : cyanogenmod wiki - swap and compcache xda developers forum - sd card partitioning
this is how i solved a similar issue i had on my phone . since the contacts in question were synced through a gmail account , i went in my contacts and exported all of them to make a backup . then i restored my contacts via the menu ( more > restore contacts . . . ) to a day before the one on which i believed to have deleted the contact . the restore points go back to 30 days maximum . from there i could import the backup i had downloaded earlier to merge with the freshly restored contacts .
i could see an app named cardio grapher in google play store , which claims features like " user specific heart rate training zones " and " audio alerts when entering and exiting training zones " , which indeed fits your need . screenshots : features : live graphs of your heart rate over the last 1 , 10 and 120 minutes . user specific heart rate training zones , helping you get the most you can from your training . estimates calories burnt using heart rate , age , body mass and sex . audio alerts when entering and exiting training zones . can be set to keep the phone 's screen on when in use . overridable screen orientation : i.e. you can make cardio grapher ignore android 's orientation sensors and stay in portrait or landscape mode - handy if you were to mount it on bike handlebars and find it flips when cornering .
i think you have caught yourself out , in short , nothing you can do ! have a look at this source that explains why , specifically in this section : system partition and safe mode the system partition contains android 's kernel as well as the operating system libraries , application runtime , application framework , and applications . this partition is set to read-only . when a user boots the device into safe mode , only core android applications are available . this ensures that the user can boot their phone into an environment that is free of third-party software . keywords is free of third-party software edit : when android boots up , it keeps a cache of the logcat , in a temporary buffer that is reserved found in /dev/log . that buffer gets recycled when it hits the threshold , obviously , the bigger the threshold , the slower android gets with the continual spamming into the logcat buffer hence kept to minimum - iirc , its around 64k : #define DEFAULT_LOG_ROTATE_SIZE_KBYTES 16 #define DEFAULT_MAX_ROTATED_LOGS 4  source : system/core/logcat/logcat.cpp do not ask how many lines that can be , as to each and to every app , its different . not alone that , the logcat disappears upon reboot !
not the best answer but maybe the information will be some what useful . the only method i am aware of that contains a log produced by the system after a reboot is /proc/last_kmsg . whether or not the kernel keeps this log file after a reboot , depends on settings provided during kernel compilation . my experience has shown that some stock devices ( htc ) have this logging enabled and others do not . i have not seen a consistent pattern .
make sure this is not a dns issue . in the browser try navigating to the website by its ip address as opposed to the name . on your computer open command prompt and type in ping google.com and press enter . the 4 numbers 1-3 digits long separated by dots is the ip address ( e . g . 74.125.113.106 ) . now on the phone open up the browser , and in the navigation bar type in "http://" followed by the ip address you got from your computer ( e . g . http://74.125.113.106 ) and press the go key . if the website loads - your phone has a bad dns entry . the market has several apps for changing phone 's default dns .
any phone you will get will draw power from the battery , not directly from the charger . let 's make some assumptions : your phone takes 2 hours to charge when off . your phone always uses constant power when on . your phone drains a full battery in 8 hours . charging and discharging is completely linear . so if you plug your phone in when it is completely drained and turn it on , it will be charged to 75% ( 100% - 2/8 ) after two hours . it'll take 3 hours and 20 minutes to charge fully . as illustrated above it will take longer to charge the battery when the battery 's being drained at the same time . obviously , none of the assumptions hold in real life , but it is more or less accurate . certainly it will charge the fastest when off . as for the question of cpu scaling , that is very interesting . the rate of battery drain affects the maximum rate of charge , so less cpu work means less drain and a faster charge . i am not totally convinced that underclocking the cpu will achieve this , though . if your phone is idle it should already be doing a negligible amount of work . slowing the cpu will make that little amount of work use the cpu for longer . it is almost certainly chipset-dependent whether 100 ms at 100 mhz take more or less energy than 10 ms at 1000 mhz , for example . if setcpu is altering the voltages as well , that further complicates things .
tl ; dr : have you tried with another sd card already ? have you tried the sd card on another phone ? try formatting the sd card and resetting the phone . maybe there is some problem with a file on the sd card , that is not recognized by your computer , but that your phone does not like . maybe you could try to format your sd card , so that everything is removed ( also the possibly bad file ) . or check if you have the same problem on your phone with another sd card . could be that this does not fix your problem , then i would suggest you try to reset your phone ( do not forget to take a backup of course ) . and see if you still have the problem . if this ( formatting sd + resetting phone ) also does not help , then i am out of ideas . maybe then there is something wrong with your hardware , but i hope one of the above will fix the problem .
well you cannot hide names in whatsapp at all . as you know it wont accept a blank as profile name . 1.coming to the blank names beside the contact number is shown because the other person has saved you in his contact but his number is not saved ( with a name ) in your contacts list . due to this the app will show only the contact number but not the name . update- try saving the contact with a name and then refresh your contacts in whats app for this first force stop the app then clear the cache ( this works most of the time irrespective of the make or mode of internet ) 2 . you may be using an older version of the application . ( you have not specified the version so it can also be the problem ) . 3 . you could be blocked by the other person so you cannot see his name initially ( later last seen and then the display pic ) if the above still do not solve your problem then try reading the faq 1 and faq 2
if you know the name of the movie , you can do a lookup with imdb .
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
i would say your best bet is to set your phone so when wifi is turned on then 3g is disabled . i am running cyanogenmod and the built in power widget offers an option to turn off 3g automatically when the wifi is turned on . i do not remember if this was part of the stock android , but i will bet it is part of the custom rom . that being said there are a number of apps that will toggle off the 3g when the wifi is on ( like network switcher ) . the drawback to this is that you had have to toggle data manually when you have your wifi on but are not in range of any networks . if all the waps that you use are known to you , you can use y5 - battery saver to automatically turn wifi on and off when you are in and out of range to know networks . you can also do this with tasker .
i use quicksshd . it costs $1.50 us but is worthwhile for me because it gives command line access as well as full root filesystem access . does require root .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
i use wifi file explorer . it is for accessing ( and moving , etc ) files on your phone , nothing else , but it does it wonderfully .
the xda wiki entry of the nexus 7 only mentions two models : wifi model : me370t cellular model : me370tg so if you have a functional sim card slot then you have the cellular model , otherwise the wifi-only one .
your google research is correct . there is an order . root → unlock bootloader → install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm ) → backup current rom → install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
there is work in progress to add support for tasks in caldav-sync . check this out : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ijc6icbiq
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
if it is a hardware issue you might be able to get the results you want with an app i found called headset button controller . it is a couple of bucks in the market but there is a trial version as well that they suggest you use for testing . here 's the trial version .
the iphone volume buttons are not supported by the android framework . if you want to control the volume you will need headphones like these in combination with an app like headset droid .
tl:dr - the play/pause button is supported and works ( fairly ) well . the volume buttons are definitely not supported . i have an og incredible , and klipsch s4i headset . the mic works and the play/pause button works . the volume buttons do not . you can remap the play/pause button with headset droid as was mentioned before . unfortunately , the performance of the headset button is frustratingly inconsistent , especially if you have apps that attempt to listen for the headset button intent ( amazon mp3 , poweramp , google listen , etc ) . when an app is running and playing a media file , it will generally deal with the headset button press in the way it is configured , but not always ( sometimes instead of pausing the currently playing media file , it will launch another app that listens for the intent and start it playing ) . google listen is especially badly-behaved on my phone , not surprising since it is been abandonded . my advice is get a headset you like ( the klipsch headset produces really excellent sound , especially compared with the apple and htc offerings ) and play around with the different apps .
definitely supported by android , and i would be incredibly surprised if the incredible did not support volume control . i had no problem using the volume control buttons in the headset i bought for my g1 . i bought mine on ebay for $7 , it has no branding but was marketed as explicitly for the g1 . it uses the usb plug , not the 3.5mm plug . you might need a usb headset . there is something specific about apple 's 3.5mm jacks that does not play well with non-apple devices . something about the placement of the insulating plastic bands . it is described in the answer to : why can&#39 ; t i use my iphone headphones with my htc thunderbolt ? so it would not surprise me if a headset from your iphone with a 3.5mm jack would not work on your incredible . but if you buy a headset manufactured for the incredible ( ebay and amazon appear to have plenty ) and the volume controls still do not work , the problem is probably your device .
remove the google-account from your android system ( sync settings ) , than add it again . after that , go into your contacts and refresh / resync your contacts . now take a look at your calendar , it should be fixed now
" tomsawyer_2112 hey guys , i had to clear the calendar data for the bday to show on my calendar . this is what i did , go to settings-applications-manage applications , then select calendar storage then " delete data " . after doing this the screen ( htc evo ) will reboot ( white screen with the htc logo ) . after clearing the data , go to the calendar setting and add the bbay . hope this work for you . " source : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=58d284f1a1f36866hl=en
there is a program called setcpu which will allow you to over/under clock the processor . the advantage here is the ability to set profiles to have the phone determine when to adjust the processor , such as when the phone is at a certain temprature , or if it is plugged in or not . i have been using it on my droid eris for a while now , and the results have been great .
try a usb2 ( instead of usb3 ) port : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2077799#6 do you have a sony ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1696320 check your command : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851811#5
i found a way : a simple html document using the html5 audio tag opened in the readily available android browser is sufficient for my modest needs .
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
note : as of june 1 , 2011 the current ubuntu one contacts sync for mobile will no longer be active . we’re stopping support for our current service so we can focus our energy on launching a much better service sooner than we could otherwise . https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ubuntuone/phonesync/ probably not the answer you were looking for . i am ubuntu ( 3 pc , only one dual-boot ) and android ( 2 android phones ) user myself . i will recommend migrating to google contacts . i suppose all of your contacts are stored in " phone " ( if you are not syncing them ) most phones can easily export your contacts to a sdcard and then re-import them . when asked , select your google account , not " phone " . you should select only google contacts to be visible , to avoid duplicates . if you want to sync your desktop mail app with online service , and you use thunderbird ( or you are ok with it ) , installing zindus will provide sync between thunderbird and gmail contacts . g contacts and android contacts are auto-sync with the correct options anyway . to sum it up : if you want a simple online solution , select google contacts ( gmail ) if you want an offline desktop app mail client , add thunderbird +zindus to the equation
the soft key lighting is tied in with the screen brightness level . have him set the level to " auto " and see if that works for him . also , if rooted , there is mods for it as well , but you probably do not wanna implode your dad 's head with rooting .
in cyanogen rom there are options to tweak the auto brightness levels , including the " buttons " level . setting it to 255 for all brightness levels should keep them on all the time . it is also possible to add or remove brightness levels . http://chromloop.com/2011/06/how-to-optimize-the-automatic-backlight-settings-in-cyanogenmod-7/ rooting and using a custom rom may not be an ideal solution , but it should get the job done .
android 4.4 allows you to view recent requests - this is probably the closest you can get . . . this probably exists in prior versions too , i just do not have a device with jb to test it with . you get there from settings-> location
well that is really not the solution . solution is to fix this issue , please ! why is it so hard to get the alt-gr to work ? still the same issue in android 4.1.2 .
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
a simple solution is to use the free app airdroid to transfer files over your wifi network directly to your tablet . all you have to do is install it on your phone/tablet , enable it , and then visit the device 's ip address and port number from your web browser . you can then browse the device 's file system and transfer files over 4 gb with no issues . the only downside is that the speed of the transfer is dictated by the speed of your wifi network and especially your device 's connection to it . generally i have found it to take about 1.3x as long on my 2013 nexus 7 when compared to a usb 2.0 transfer . hope this helps anyone who comes across this question as it is more of a layman 's answer .
according to android . com : browse the files and folders on your android device , add folders , copy files up to 4gb to or from your mac , delete files , and more . as a workaround , install an ftp server on your mac , and transfer the file via wi-fi or mobile data . or , via adb pull ( adb pull /storage/sdcard0/ dir here ﻿ ) using the android sdk . source .
text edit works well for me . the main screen 's menu has new file , save , save as , open and recent , with a sensible set of options .
classic notes lite is great for all of these things . it supports multiple fonts , the default menu is recent files , and it is very light and fast . i have been using it for a while now and it is my favorite by far . lots of good options in the menus too ; )
i use jota text editor , though it does not appear to have a recent documents feature .
use adb uninstall org.openintents.filemanager .
edit : when i saw the comment to commonsware answer i did not realize it was the same as the asker . . . anyways , a little explanation may be useful for somebody . as yourself commented , the easiest way to uninstall a system app is plainly to delete the .apk file . the adb install / adb uninstall commands are useful for regular apps , not system apps . since this apk is located in /system/app , adb uninstall will not remove it . you can use the command suggested ( rm /system/app/YourApp.apk ) , but before the /system folder need to have write access . you will need to see how to remount /system in your specific device , try searchig for " android remount +rw /system" and your device ) . alternatively , you may use any app that can do both deletion and remounting and has root access , such as root explorer and astro
when manually deleting application from /system remember to delete their corresponding data folder in /data/data/«identifier» there is also a track of the previous apk signature in /data/system/packages . xml that can prevent a reinstall of a rebuilt package with a different key .
the ' Failure' problem has more to do with the adb shell appending a dos line ending ^m ( on centos linux anyway ) . put the list of applications to uninstall in a file and copy to the android device directly .
an app whose package name is com.example.app has its data files in /data/data/com.example.app . this applies to pre–jelly bean systems , and to the first user on jelly bean systems . for other users on jelly bean systems , user 1 has the data files for com.example.app in /data/user/1/com.example.app , and so on . reading another app 's data files can only be done on a rooted phone . even then , you need an app that is designed to work with root access . see the rooting tag wiki , and how do i root my android device ? for more info , but bear in mind that rooting will void your warranty .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
try to use this : a new application has been developed for sending file and consumes less time . read more in http://eviltek.blogspot.in/2013/12/how-tosend-large-file-with-high-speed.html this application is all in one which includes application , photo , videos etc
if es file explorer doesnt work , i suggest that you use superbeam : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.majedev.superbeam it uses wifi direct technology to transfer files at wifi speeds , and the wifi direct connection is initialized by scanning a qr code generated by the app of by touching them together with nfc on . you can " share " the file with superbeam and opening the app starts the reciever end of the communication
if you open es explorer select the file you want to share then click more " has the 3 dots vertical " and select send " has a image of a phone with a double sided arrow " it will scan and find the device . select the device and share . this is the only way i was able to get es file explorer to work with sharing . i am sharing between my note 3 and nexus 7 ( 2012 ) .
you should not need to restart after freezing an app . once you freeze the app , it should disappear from the apps drawer .
freezing an app is similar to uninstalling it , in that it will not be able to run ( whether by the user wanting to load it or via any intents ) . however , since it is frozen and not actually uninstalled , it does still take up space . if you freeze a system app , you may have to reboot your phone . this usually is not needed , but sometimes your home screen app may have a problem with a system app missing . whether or not you reboot , though , the system app is frozen and will not be able to run . a user app , however , can be frozen without needing a reboot .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , find the market , click force close then clear data , and reboot the phone . i have needed to do this a few times before tb had the option mbobino mentions .
your backup program may not save the market links and the other info regarding how your app was acquired . as i am not familiar with mybackup i can not tell you thats it for sure . i use titanium backup which backs up the market info if you so select the option to back it up .
download titanium backup , press Menu -&gt; Market Tools -&gt; Market Doctor . this will attempt to repair the links between your installed apps and the play store . it may take a few times , i ran it several times once , and it got different apps fixed each time , but i eventually got all i needed .
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
try true caller , it comes up with the preloaded blacklist and spammer numbers and keeps on updating . . it has some interersting features too . .
yes , turn off the phone and try to charge from a wall charger , and when battery is full , try to do firmware recovery , this time use a good usb cable , and ensure a good internet connection . keep battery level above 80% or keep it full . and if all fails go to service center . vote up if i helped ; )
i ended up borrowing a battery to finish the emergency firmware recovery in kies . the second attempt proved successful in the firmware upgrade , however , still had network connection problems . i took it into a sprint service center and they tried doing software updates to the phone . tech had to do the software updates several times . found that after each update attempt , phone would work , but connectivity issues would come back after inserting the sd card . he deemed the sd card to be corrupt . phone is now working fine on the latest firmware with a new sd card installed . i am not sure what exactly is on the old sd card that would have corrupt it . thanks for the suggestions .
if you still have the original usb cable then use it because it probably is modified by samsung . consider upgrading to latest android ( currently 4.4.2 ) it is well worth it you wont brick it , i did it with my first smartphone 3 years ago ( i still use it ) just when i got it and i have done all i wanted to do like install root rom kernel audio engine etc removed bloatware and lots more : )
you should be able to long-press on the text , and select view message details , this should give you the actual phone number it was sent from . with this in hand you can go through your phone book and double-check that it is not anyone you know . if it is not then you should be able to contact your service provider and ask them to block messages from that number . also , many automated text services that use short message codes to send are set to remove you from their list if you reply with just the word STOP in a text message .
you must change the format of the file to mpg or mp4 for example : filename . dat change to filename . mpg .
you do not have to convert it . just rename its extension into . mpg using a file manager . then , play it in mx player . i have done it before , and it worked .
use vplayer video player or buzz player . unlike astro file manager , if your file manager does not support custom extension handler , open . dat file with Open As.. option and choose video . from pop-up , choose player app . if Open As.. option is also not available , rename the extension of file to avi or mpg . generally , all file managers handle these extensions . just make sure there is no default video player set to take over the file opening and choose player app from list .
mx player is the best for . dat video files .
try dolphin player . it can play mpeg1 file format ( = vcd ) , but cannot choose audio channel if the file is bilingual .
cx media player will help you to play * . dat ( vcd ) files
try changing the extension to . mpg . this works on windows .
download file manager ( explorer ) from play store and also download mx player , , , , now , open the file manager app and locate your file . click on it and open it in mx player .
the sdhc ( high-capacity ) card family have a capacity of 4 gb to 32 gb http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secure_digital https://www.sdcard.org/developers/tech/sdhc/
when you say memory do you mean storage capacity ? as far as im aware there is no way to increase the 1gb memory it is supplied with . edit : this site states 32gb expansion limit for sd card , which seems like its porbably correct : http://www.techwench.com/asus-eee-pad-transformer-review/
limit of the internal reader is that of sdhc format : 32gb . but afaik , card slots on the transformer dock is sdxc compliant , so , limit is 2tb ( theoretical )
if you are getting this screen , that means your android has booted into " recovery mode " .
you could try to boot into recovery by holding down power down + home button ( if existing ) then you can do a factory reset . ( will wipe all your data butaybe fix you problem )
no , you cannot set up an event to trigger when a llama profile has changed . changing a llama profile is only an action , and unfortunately is not available as a condition . there also is not a condition for Connected to Computer . but there is a Charging or Unplugged condition that you can use to trigger other events . if you are fine with the more broad event of activating a profile when the phone is plugged in ( to anything ) , that is doable .
there is another service run by a forensics company called viaforensics : appwatchdog . apps have a hard time there getting certified for being " absolutely secure " -- so do not get scared if you see only few green check marks , check the details as well ; most times a yellow mark is still fine at least for private users .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
while it does not rate the app , privacy inspector can scan the app after you have downloaded it and provide a detailed report .
i removed " viber " application and now it resumes music after phone call
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
that unfortunately needs some 3 rd party app , as there is no " native " feature included with android . apps you might wish to check for this purpose include : androphp ( already described by dotvezz ) ulti server : php , mysql , pma includes dydns , ftp , ftps , sftp , ssh , php , mysql ( which also answers t0mm13b 's comment ) ksweb : server + php + mysql also includes ftp and some administrative tools and a function to update external ip in no-ip service ( second answer to t0mm13b , even with his favorite " no-ip" ) namp nginx android web server with php , mysql and ftp
i have exactly this problem . there is no gallery locker on the phone . i have removed the thumbnails from the dcim directory , and android has re-scanned the sd card and created three sets of thumbnails : camera , whatsapp and wahtsappvid . but when i view them in gallery , i get the same symptoms as above , with each thumbnail showing as above . if i click on one of these ' blank ' thumbnails , the picture displays ok . if i use mediasee it seems to display all the pictures as thumbnails . perhaps of interest may be that the picture above looks like a motorola defy mini phone , which is what i have got . sorry if this is the wrong way to ask this question , but this is the only post i have seen which shows the problem i have got .
have you tried setting superuser to always prompt , then stick the phone into the dock ? that is the first thing i would try , because then superuser at least should be asking you questions before allowing anything to happen , which should allow you to get a hint as to what is going on .
it is a built-in bug report feature . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/16019-keeps-asking-me-to-email-bug-report/#entry410481 this is built into android . it is a debugging tool that lets you send a bug report . it sends to you because you manually triggered it . it is very easy to trigger it , even accidentally . if you press both volume buttons and the power button at the same time , it will vibrate once . then it takes nearly a full minute before the phone vibrates three times and the bug report pops up . it also does not seem to keep processing when the phone is asleep , so if you accidentally do it when say checking the time or something , it will not show up until the next time you unlock your phone . it is easy to trigger and i have done it by accident quite a few times when either checking the time or taking a screenshot ( it is pretty easy to press both volume keys accidentally when taking a screenshot ) . you can disable the bug report function by going to /system/bin/ and deleting or renaming bugreport and bugmailer . sh , but i am not sure if this will affect the ability to send bug reports for other system apps . then it will not happen anymore . it can also be disabled in the rom code by the developer .
the error [ rpc:s-5:aec-0 ] is down to having to remove your google account and re-add it again . if your account is primary google account , the only way you can remove it is to factory reset and re-install everything ! that is the only known cure and quoted by google themselves ! do not think they are taking it seriously enough . it broke on a previous update to google play store about two months ago . i get that too , if keep trying over a few minutes , it will eventually update , not successfully though . i do think its more of an issue on the google system itself in conjunction with play store app . it is not just confined to aosp jb/ics or cyanogenmod , i get in on gingerbread too . ps : as matter of curiousity - do you have google 2-step account verification active on your account ?
you seem to have found your answer on your other forum : you need to flash the android 4.2 gapps from http://goo.im/gapps reinstall all apps that are having problems from : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/75232-upgrade-to-1012-messed-up-many-things/
maybe the site/computer you are downloading from have a upload limit . but when you push files ( you upload ) the other side is downloading , so it less of a problem for them .
i solved this by erasing all contacts on the sim . here 's how : contacts app -> menu -> view . uncheck all but sim , press ok . menu -> delete . menu -> select all . press delete . after a while all sim contacts are gone . now re-enable showing the phone and/or google contacts and you are good to go ! ( my phone uses swedish so maybe the menu items/buttons above have other similar names )
in case this helps anyone : the above instructions did not work for me , on my sony xperia l15 , android 2.3.3 i think this is because of my ancient android os . :- ) i manually see which contacts are phone-only , by : open contacts menu delete contacts the delete window has a little status line beside each contact , to tell you where the contact is stored : google phone contact joined contact ( think this means the contact was originally 2 or more contacts ) hope this helps !
go to contacts -> press menu button and choose more -> then display options -> there you can choose either sim or phone . and say done
try this sim contacts manager application from android market . it is going to manage all your contacts which are in sim card . there is one more possibility of having duplicates in your contacts list . if you are importing/synchronizing the contacts from facebook/gmail/twitter then it will show the contacts twice or more . in this case use this contacts merger which merges the duplicate contacts .
in case you are still looking for a solution , there is an app called twitch ! contacts formatter in google play that you can try . it may fix your formatting issues with 8 and 9 numbers .
there is one app , rocketdial available at google play store , that provides phone number format using patterns : format phone numbers , support us/canada/uk/russia/ukraine/china/taiwan . customize phone number using patterns , example ( ###- ( ### ) -#### ) , fill on your needs . may fit your needs . trial version comes with all the features and gives you 10 days to play with it . the pro version costs 3,19€ .
what i will do with the same problem : export google gmail contacts as a csv file from https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?shva=1#contacts using sed to edit the file with some regex importing contacts again
i have found the solution for uninstalling the touchwiz from s4 . press and hold on the home button . ( the centre button on your samsung mobile ) you will see a screen with a bar below , on the bar . there is 3 icons . press on the pie icon . select clear default , and press the home button again . ( just press and release , do not hold ) once you see the touchwiz appear with 2 selections . touchwiz home easy and touchwiz home . select only touchwiz home and press always . the touchwiz will not bother you again .
i found the solution on another blog , seems to be working . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/334381-touchwiz-wont-stay-default-launcher.html
you need not reboot or anything . the only thing you have to do is go to settings and select from default applications touch wiz home once and forever .
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
in unix-like operating systems , a loop device , vnd ( vnode disk ) , or lofi ( loopback file interface ) is a pseudo-device that makes a file accessible as a block device . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loop_device basically , it allows you to make your phone think that an image file is a separate storage area/device .
i have been interested in trying this for a little while , but for now i have just been using ssh . the guide i have been eyeing on the subject is here , which is using openvpn to dd-wrt on android . it seems pretty straightforward .
yeah first please answer the question that which device you are using and did you get an official update from your manufacturer or did you manually install a custom rom ? ( although by your post it seems an official manufacturer update but please confirm . . . ) if : 1 . official update , then you can just do that update all over again and this time try it through pc software ( if you had previously done an over the air update ) . or finally contact your manufacturer 's customer care or go to service center . 2 . custom rom , then it may be problem with the rom or kernel . reach the developer for that . or you can even replace the google apps . just find an appropriate . zip coinciding with your android version . hope this helps or ask again with doubts . : )
the processes and executables are different . please make sure the entire jar of beans process is killed , and then start again . make sure that you kill all add processes . apart from that , you will have to wait for the owner to reply .
go to where you extracted jar of beans and create a folder named sdcard .
rooting the galaxy attain 4g ( sch-r920 ) on metropcs a step by step tutorial accredit to zhelezaka from http://forum.x-drivers.com/ . requirements : necessary files : all files hosted on my dropbox account ! odin3 v1.85 ; attain rooted update ; attain 4g pit file ; setup : a pc running the windows operating system ; i have used windows 7 the cable to connect your android device to the pc . tutorial : download all files from the " necessary files list " to a folder on your desktop ; extract *odin3_v1.85 . zip* to a folder on your desktop ; locate an open the odin 1.85 . exe to open up odin3 ; if the user account control ( uac ) pops up , accept the execution of the file . click on the pda button . navigate to the location where you downloaded the attain-rooted-update . tar file and select it . click on the pit button . navigate to the the location where you downloaded the attain-4g . pit file and select it . do not forget to extract the file first , since the application only works with the attain-4g . pit file inside the zip you have downloaded . make sure that repartition is unchecked . this is important as checking this will most definitely brick your device ! note that when you select the pit file , it gets checked , you need to uncheck it yourself . power down your device ; with your device switched off , press and hold the volume down + home + power buttons . then press the volume up key to enter the download mode . connect your device to the windows pc . you should see the id:com field light up yellow when you do this ; if this does not happen , it means that you don’t have the necessary drivers installed . you can download samsung kies and install it to rectify this problem . android sdk samsung usb driver your odin3 screen should now look like the picture posted below . again , make sure that the re-partion tickbox is unchecked before you click start ! click on start . note : once odin3 says " pass " and your device reboots , your samsung galaxy attain 4g should be rooted ! ! if you are in doubt though , the usual way to confirm is to download root checker from the google play store or look for the superuser app in the app drawer . useful links : samsung product page gsmarena device specifications
the google play and google play services , yes , they have increased in size , due to ever-evolving updates to android . the only way you can stop this from happening is to have no google related apps on the device . why do you not want to root it , in order to put apps on the sdcard ? rooting does not interfere with the mobile internet , and furthermore , play store and play services , cannot be moved to sdcard anyway , so if that is what you thought of there , it will not work . what device are you using in order to enable a better answer . . ? if you were rooted , then you could remount the /system as re-writeable , and remove the app called Vending.apk and reboot , which is responsible for pushing app updates via google play store . amendment : cheers @ izzy for pointing out about MarketUpdater.apk also , note from the comment below , izzy suggested " freezing " the apps , by freezing , it means to stop the service and effectively disable it , titanium backup can do this for you but does necessitate the need for root .
it does not say it on htc 's website under the specs for the one x , but this review points out that the phone has dual-microphones , used for sound cancellation during phone calls . my guess is perhaps your recording app is recording from the wrong microphone ? or using both to cancel out the pitch you are looking for ? i would look for settings in your recording apps about using the dual-microphones . i do not have a phone with two , so i can not test that for you :/ good luck though !
i have the same issue . after playing around with one x a little bit i am pretty sure the issue is with the noise cancellation thing , most likely software issue . there are 2 microphones on the one x - one at the bottom and one at the top . i played a high frequency sound on my earphones and tested 2 cases : i put both speakers next to the bottom mic . sound level was very low , but it was there . i put one speaker next to the bottom mic and one next to the top mic . this time sound level was pretty much 0 . so it seems that what the top mic picks up is cancelled from what the bottom mic picks up . i have not figured out how to disable this feature . any luck on your side ?
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
this actually sounds just like an issue that would be in motoblur , especially motoblur v1 . this issue may have been fixed in the later releases of motoblur , but initially this was a very buggy product . if you viewed the log that android writes for any errors that occurred with the first version of blur ( which is what is on the backflip ) there are tons of errors that happen at any given moment . it seemed like motorola rushed out the product before they were actually ready .
since android 4.2 tablet can have multiple users . at least i have seen this in nexus 7 . you need to do the following : protect your default user account on the tablet with a password create a restricted user account and give the user access to apps that you want them to have note : multi-user is not available on android phones or with older android oses . you cannot protect your tablet from being factory rest by user and having access to all .
ctrl + shift does the job . a window appears where you can change the language . worse than in windows , but still . . .
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
i think there is no need to set those settings in the email app . you only need to set them in e-mail clients where you are getting duplicate copies of the email , provided those clients have a way of setting those settings . if you notice in the image below ( from the desktop gmail web app ) , there is a Sent Mail and an [Imap]/Sent folder . the Sent Mail folder is gmail 's , while the [Imap]/Sent folder is generated by a 3rd-party client ( like thunderbird or kaiten , for example ) . ideally , a sent mail would be placed under Sent Mail or under [Imap]/Sent . in some cases , it gets copied under both . so now , you have two copies of the sent email . if this is happening , then you need to follow the recommended imap client settings . if not , you are fine . related reference : stackexchange-url
i have an htc one , and even though i cannot deduce why , my settings menu did not display options for sip setup until after i unlocked the bootloader . i will clarify that all i did was unlock the bootloader , i did not flash a new rom . again , this makes absolutely no sense , but it worked for me .
sip comes directly with the android system , as you said , starting with gingerbread . you find it in the system settings : call settings , at the very end : internet call settings : for more details , you can also check with the page android sip client configuration and review , which explains you all the details . as it comes with the android system itself , all devices with gingerbread or higher should have it .
i have had google galaxy nexus hspa+ for a while , and it does have internet calling , which is one of the reasons why i was interested in the phone in the first place . long story short , it is the most horrible sip client i have ever seen , with the most inflexible settings , does not actually work properly , and has all sorts of quality issues that do not manifest when using a third-party client instead . ( to give you an actual example of what i am talking about , i have somehow had this very strange multi-dozen-second delays in voice , which i have no explanation for , other than a terribly broken buffering logic , as sip calls go through udp , which would never do retransmission , hence no clue why someone thought that multi-dozen-second buffering was ever a good idea . ) if you cannot find the native internet calling in your phone , you are not missing much . ( i have long as disabled the said native client , and have been using a third-party client instead . )
some apps offer a network monitor , e.g. os monitor does : as you can see in the second screenshot , it even allows you to look-up the destination and show it in a map . quick system info offers a similar feature : as you can see in the last entry of this screenshot , it even names the app which holds this connection . these are two examples of real-time monitoring which do not require root . if your device is rooted , you might also want to take a look at droidwall : this app offers to keep a log of all network accesses for each app . plus , as a firewall app , you can restrict apps to wifi , mobile network , or even forbid them network access altogether .
i hope this should work for you - macedonian keyboard app google play install and change input method when typing to use this keyboard . ( to change input method , you can follow this guide - android stack exchange - change input method ) after changing keyboard , select '123' near space button and then select ' mkd ' at same place to get the macedonian keyboard . you can also try other popular keyboard apps if they have macedonian support , unfortunately swype does not have it .
i have had the same problem when trying to use adb on lots of devices on one hub . adb uses a lot of the available usb bandwidth , so when many devices are on one hub , they can not all get the bandwidth they need . there are several suggestions you might try:- use adb over the network instead of usb . if you do not know how to enable this on the device , there are a few apps to help you . once it is enabled on the device , use adb connect ip.ip.ip.ip:port from the development machine . make sure the cables are plugged into a usb 2.0 port , not usb 1.1 . usb 3.0 is even better if the development machine supports it . the different versions of usb are all compatible , but later versions have much more bandwidth . try a better hub . cheap hubs are designed for plugging a usb storage device alongside a keyboard and mouse , and do not cope well with high bandwidth use . a professional-level usb hub will do a much better job - but it still might not be enough to connect all your adb devices at once .
you can turn off just the cell radio by using the Phone Info feature : dial *#*#4636#*#* and press Turn off radio .
on most phones you can still enable wi-fi while in airplane mode . in fact , many airlines now have wi-fi in flight . airplane mode might be a more viable option than you think ; )
you would need to root your phone . for file managers with root access , you can try astro or root explorer . if the app loads the default folder , keep going up the parent folder until you can no longer move up ; that will be the root folder .
i do not know of any specific apps , but it certainly can ( on probably does ) affect other apps . read here for google 's notes on the problem , as well as info for developers on how to avoid the bug . they have also issued patches and sent them to their oha partners , but it is up to each of them to roll out the update .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
it is not possible with the google launcher , but it is fully possible in 4.4 in general , you just need to stop using google 's launcher . the " regular " launcher is still included so you can switch to that .
it is convenient to have the google now screen as the left-most screen because it is largely occupied by cards that slide-out to the right . would make scrolling further to a left screen complicated . as an aside , careful with the fast right swipes to move across many screens . you might tend to slide out a card from the now screen . nothing to worry though , the now screen is strikingly different from your usual screens there is also an undo for a quick roll-back
it turned out to be a sync error for some contacts with malformed birthday field created on android which causes exchange to silently fail . you can debug it , by getting the exchange server-side logs , by going to your exchange webmail ( outlook web access , owa ) : login in to webmail . yourdomain . com go to : options -> all options -> phone mark your current device and click -> " start logging " start sync on the phone in webmail click " stop logging " and look at the new mail create in your inbox in the log i got three of these errors : . . . which causes the whole sync and all subsequent contact syncing to silently do nothing . i had to remove the birthday field from these contacts on android . i hope this helps someone ! here is some more information on the various date formats created on android devices : http://dmfs.org/carddav/?date_format
try this : go to settings > battery there you can see the list of things that consume battery . this includes all the system processes , hardware such as the screen and the user apps . if there is an application that you installed that takes up more than say 20% in that list , that app is your culprit . there is also a good chance that it is the same app that is taking up all that data in the backgrounds . if your screen takes up more than 30% , try reducing your brightness and the amount of time the screen is kept active . if you want to check your mobile data consumption , go to settings > data usage . this will list the data consumption of all apps on the phone . hope this helps .
combining several apps you most likely find useful for other means as well , this should be accomplishable . so first , let 's list the components : tasker : the mighty automation tool will trigger several actions for us foldersync : will do the real copy/sync jobs titanium backup will do your backups ( well , it does already ) . no need to elaborate on titanium backup , as you already use it . most likely together with its integrated scheduler , so you have an idea about what time that job has finished . so the next candidate is foldersync . it obviously can do with owncloud , as described e.g. in use the android app foldersync with owncloud – using webdav , in fact . which means you have first to setup your owncloud account in foldersync ( as described in the linked short-tut ) , and then define " folder pairs " , i.e. which folder on your device should be sync'd with which on the owncloud server . recommendation : configure it for manual sync ; as nice as the integrated scheduler might sound , i experienced it woke up the device all 5 minutes 24/7 even with only one daily sync configured . so better leave that integrated scheduler off , we either need something else to trigger your " instant photo upload " . third candidate : tasker . you can use this to schedule your regular sync intervals ( easy to do , as it is just a time interval as condition , and the foldersync pair as the task ; note this might require the pro version of foldersync for tasker support ) . but tasker has also means to detect whether a file/directory has been modified . this is what you can use to trigger your " instant photo upload " , by watching your DCIM folder ( s ) and trigger the corresponding " folder pair " to be sync'd . i know you prefered " without an app " , but i do not know about such an alternative . however , one of the 3 apps involved you are using already , and once you have got used to tasker you will ask yourself how you could do without . true , it is " payware " , but worth every cent . for testing purposes , a 7-day-trial can be obtained on their project site ; export all your config from within the app on day 6 , uninstall , re-install , and import it again gives you another 7 days ( recommendation by the dev himself ) . foldersync requires 3 bucks as well ; but it supports so many services , and has tasker integration , i would say it is worth the investment . so altogether ~7 bucks for a good solution , and other uses reserved .
use a portable small utility mhotspot instead of connectify . connectify does have such type of issues . so , mhotspot is my all time favorite when it comes to creating virtual hotspot . if you are unable to connect for the first time ( which should not be case as you were able to connect with ap of connectify ) , reload the wi-fi driver by dialing *#*#526#*#* or install the " wifi-fixer " app from play store .
i am the developer of locale , and i wanted to make sure the most up to date information is available here : locale does support backup and restore . more information about this feature can be found on our website at http://feedback.twofortyfouram.com/forums/5655-locale-feedback/suggestions/74784-backup-settings-?ref=title we publish a headphones plug-in condition and a free media volume setting for locale , giving locale the ability to adjust media volume based on headphones being plugged-in/unplugged .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
just installed trello . seems like it is designed for offline viewing , not offline editing . perhaps evernote might be a better option , although it is not really a project management tool .
i looks like the program suggested ( prefixer ) may work . the problem will be " for some , the number is ofcourse in my address book , " . i did not see an " exception " to the rule on those screenshots , so how does it handle numbers that are in the block of numbers and in the contacts . as a workaround to an " easy way": of course manually inputting the numbers will work . gmail allows more than a few numbers on a single contact . i do not know what the upper limit is , but you could just make a similarly named contact and max it out too . this would allow you to remove the exceptions from the block . maybe use another contact software and import the contact if that interface is easier to add multiple numbers . you could also just do it as they call . i am on 2.3.5 and after the call , when the number is not known it asks me to make a new contact or assign it to an existing one . edit : i could not find anything out there that would do this automatically . i now know google contacts will allow around 3000 contact numbers in one contact . anymore than that it is starts acting odd ( not saving , etc ) . using the tools that are available i have made it work by importing this block from a csv file . here are the steps : goto my dropbox share at block import csv 's download all the csv file from that folder * * might want to turn off syncing contacts on the phone at this point . go to google contacts choose more--> import--> choose file and choose the csv file ( block import . csv ) import ( this may take a little while for google to respond depending on your connection speed ) a new group will be created called " imported m/dd/yy go to that group and choose all the contacts . ( check box on the top left ) more --> merge contacts--> ok it will only do 250 at a time . be patient , it is very slow . rename the contact ( something like " compan name_1" and remove it from this group and add it to " my contacts " repeat steps 6 through 8 until there are no single contacts left . there should be around 34 contacts with 3000 contact numbers in each of them . turn syncing back on if you turned it off . while a bit manual , with patience , it does work . now , i do not know what that will do to your phone when you try to sync it .
you can download the google play books app from the market ( link ) if there is a problem with your installed app , open the app using play store app and uninstall and reinstall it . now you should have the app shortcut in your app drawer . in this app , you will be able to view your purchased books .
goto settings--> developer options--> ( uncheck ) pointer location . thats it .
most recoveries do not work in root mode - and root mode cannot be acheived , as the su binary calls your superuser app to gain permission to use root mode . as the su binary cannot call the app , it stops you using su mode . it could also be due to the fact that the su file used in recovery is the stock su file found in android , and this does not let you switch to the root user ( as if it did every device would be rooted ) . some recoveries allow root to be used - you will have to search for one for your device .
you are not going to get a popup superuser confirmation from within a rooted recovery . that popup superuser confirm dialog only happens in a fully booted normal android environment . sounds more likely that the ramdisk used within the recovery , has the setting ro.secure=1 in default.prop by accident thus preventing the su binary from getting executed with a error su: permission denied . had it being set as ro.secure=0 then adb would allow the s witch u ser to root function as normal . op : please give more details such as make of handset , what version of recovery , is it clockworkmod or stock ?
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
my colleague has just pointed out that ics will include cisco any connect functionality . . . http://www.talkandroid.com/69015-cisco-anyconnect-vpn-support-to-be-implemented-in-ice-cream-sandwich-enterprise-users-rejoice/ upon further investigation there is an any connect client for android , but you need to have rooted your phone to use it : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cisco.anyconnect.vpn.android.rootedfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jaxnjby5hbnljb25uzwn0lnzwbi5hbmryb2lklnjvb3rlzcjd
if your phone is rooted ( which i am assuming it is since you are running oxygen ) , you could try androidscreencast . it allows you to interact with a rooted phone over usb using mouse and keyboard . it is not the fastest solution , but then again , neither is a vnc server and the like . there is a fairly decent walkthrough on how to set everything up on how-to geek . you will also need to have adb in order to use androidscreencast ( the android sdk is one way ; there is probably also some places you can directly download the necessary binaries ) .
as with most exchange activesync clients android implements a sub-set of features from various versions of activesync . according to the android 4 ( ice cream sandwich ) platform highlights , the email client supports eas v14 ( scroll down to the " improved email " section ) , in a comparison with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) though you also need to take into account the android 3 ( honeycomb ) changes which while they do not specify eas changes did add support for policies for encrypted storage , password expiration , password history , and password complexity , all of which are eas features . there are probably more differences between versions than it is practical to keep up to date here , the wikipedia page comparison of exchange activesync clients has a pretty good table comparing feature support .
mx player works like a charm for anything with subtitles . also it has both software and hardware decoding , so you are set !
you can try mvideoplayer . this supports hd videos well and has subtitle functionality . should work with hdmi too . hope this helps .
maybe you should try vlc for android . it is able to properly display subtitles without glitches for now , atleast on my device . i have not tried with mhl though .
as other mention , you can use the tools from sdk . but when your not fond of command lines , you can also explore the emulator with the eclipse adt plugin . the plugin integrates a couple of development tools like adb , ddms , logcat , etc . . . i find it very interesting to connect my phone with usb ( enable usb debuggin ) and watch how everything works . . . ; - ) but the same can be done for the emulator . . .
the android emulator gives you root access , you do not need to root it . check out the emulator page on android . com for details on how to do things as root .
here are some quick tips : ( here i will use the terms like download-mode and recovery-mode , if you dont know what they are google it . ( "boot to recovery " and " boot to bootloader " means how to enter into recovery-mode and download-mode respectively . ) a bricked phone may have one or more ( below problems ) : booting to the rom ( android ) not possible . booting to the recovery-mode not possible . black screen or bootloop ( repeated restarting of phone at boot animation or samsung galaxy y logo ) . possible solutions : ( remember there will be data loss using these solutions so always try to keep a backup ) if you can still enter into recovery-mode ( a ) . try to clear data and cache then check . ( b ) . try installing a custom rom using cwm ( clockworkmod recovery ) and check . ( for custom rom and cwm visit here . ) if recovery-mode did not helped enter into download-mode and flash an odin supported stock rom ( using odin 1.84 or 1.85 ) from doky73 's thread ( flashing guide in 2nd post ) . *you can inform me , if anything left out . you must try going in download mode !
this is a solution that is specific to samsung devices . this will only work if you have soft-bricked your device . it is pretty simple to build and can get you into download mode on most samsung devices , just have your rom ready to flash and you are good to go ! http://www.xda-developers.com/android/need-a-samsung-usb-jig-build-your-own/ here is the actual youtube video that i used to make mine : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdn5gorjhn0
i will not cause any problem and you can easily delete it . to be dead sure you can try renaming the directory to something else and see if anything happens . but as i said it is perfectly ok to remove it .
openfeint is an app addon that tracks high scores for the registered apps/games . removing it might remove your highscore records on your phone , reducing your bragging rights :p but other than that , if you are not concerned deleting your scores , then you may remove it .
try the app stayawake , it should work for galaxy s ii too .
since you are on 2.2 , root your device , then use cacertman : market link source code you can choose to delete certificates one-by-one , and back up your configuration for use later .
to be honest i had never removed a cert before but i have added my own and it looks like it is the same process . it is basically : use linux ( or a vm of linux ) install bouncycastle ( java ssl library ) download the cacerts . bks files from the device use keytool -delete command to remove the cert from cacerts . bks verify that it worked with keytool push the cacerts . bks file back up to the device bouncy castle : http://www.bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html detailed instructions on how to use keytool : http://wiki.cacert.org/importrootcert#android_phones in ubuntu it is a little easier to download through apt just so you can get the path stuff right . " apt-cache search bouncycastle " should help .
i do not believe there is a built-in way to do this . i highly recommend the light flow application which let 's you customize light , sound and notifications on a per-app basis .
documents to go is a very good app . it provides the formatting requirements you wanted and supports creating and reading microsoft office documents as well as google docs . it supports word , excel and powerpoint . it can be found on the android market https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dataviz.docstogoappfeature=search_result there is a free version but i believe this only let 's you view not create or edit documents
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
on my phone running the latest stable version of google+ , only the camera roll is auto backup'd . there are several additional folders ( downloads , path , instagram ) that are not being synced . from your description , g+ currently does exactly what you want .
afaik there is no way to selectively sync photos with g+ . but on dropbox , by default only the camera roll photos are uploaded by default for cloud backup .
as google drive is an option to the op : i use an app called foldersync , which support a load of cloud services ( including e.g. google drive , amazon s3 , and dropbox ) as well as ftp/sftp/ftps to support your own servers . using it successfully with sftp and dropbox , i can recommend its use : you can define " folder pairs " to sync , e.g. a single remote directory and the corresponding local directory . subdirectories can be included optionally you can trigger the sync manually , or define automatic sync schedules . instand upload should be possible as well , though i did not try that yet . the paid version supports tasker , which gives you increased flexibility . as to my experience ( a while ago with some previous version , so this behaviour might have changed meanwhile ) foldersync ' s internal scheduler causes a device wakeup all 5min regardless of the sync schedule chosen , i prefer triggering syncs via tasker . so with google drive being acceptable , you could use foldersync to define a specific folder pair , and thus sync only those folder ( s ) you wish .
launch g+ photos app . swipe right on the left edge to open up the menu . go to " on device " . you can select which folders to be synced by tapping on the cloud icon on the right of the folder name . note : you have to turn on " back up local folders " option in settings . initially , all folders will be synced and you can selectively turn off for each folder in the " on device " section .
still looking for other answers i have found gallery drive sync , an app that will selectively sync image folders when you want it to , not automatically ( you have to go in and press " sync " next to the gallery for it to work ) . this can be a feature , but in my case it is not since i would like it to happen automatically .
try camera album . this app automatically redirects captured photos to the selected album/directory . you can have multiple albums and quickly switch between them before taking photo . and with applications mentioned in previous posts you can synchronize only directories that you want .
as a generic information , the german wikipedia gps page states an accuracy of 10m or better for civilian use . while this does not explicitly state anything on android 's implementation , you can find some test results on urremote confirming this . how accurate exactly the data are , very much depends on the device : according to those tests , accuracy varied between 2.5 m and 6.3 m with the tested devices . a further reading of interest is how accurate is android gps ? , which might add some more background information . further you might want to check into improve android gps accuracy by having the accurate time , or test your own device using the gps test app .
according to qualcomm ( who makes the socs used by the gs3 i747 ( also the cdma and t999 versions . ) and the nexus 4 ) , under optimal conditions , the combined gps/glonass lock is capable of being accurate to 2 metres . to determine actual possible accuracy in use is more complex and depends on time and location , as the number of satellites visible varies due to their orbits . this silverlight app will allow you to determine this ( be sure to only select gps and glonass under the satellite library . the gs3 and nexus 4 are not capable of using the other constellations . ) . the important bit is the dop ( dilution of precision ) . multiply the dop reported by the app ( if greater than 1 ) for the relevant time by that 2 metres to determine the actual possible accuracy . note that this is only the possible accuracy . obstructions ( trees , buildings , etc . ) that block the view of the sky may also block the view of some satellites . if you know the obstructions , you can enter them into the app and it will include them in its work . also , some apps , like gps status and toolbox , will give you your error on the fly .
i do not know if this helps , but with sfr , in france , i have nearly the same issue ; i can not use the market ota ( unless i use wifi ) . it is due to limitation from the carrier ; perhaps rooting the phone could help to get rid of that limitation .
the problem is vodafone live can only acess wap sites you can . . . . to get access to all sites e.g. android market , maps etc you need to activate vodafone mobile connect . . . it is little too expensive but it is the only solution . . . . thanks
my solution to this problem ( sonyericsson x10 mini ) , after trying all sorts of resets of cache is on applications etc , and the only thing that worked was to do a factory reset on the phone . just remember to use the backup and restore feature first to backup your phone then restore it after resetting it .
i think the problem is the india sim card http://market.android.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=138294
can you verify you have a data connection ? try opening internet from the apps screen . can you navigate to various websites such as google ? if yes then you have a data connection and the likely answer is as eephyne points to in that link . if you do not have a data connection and cannot browse the internet then you need to call your carrier 's customer support , in this case vodafone , and tell them you do not have a data connection . they will walk you through steps to get a data connection . after that then try the marketplace again .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
to my knowledge , there are at least two ways to achieve this : use a different google account the most obvious variant . but probably not working for you , as you cannot transfer your payed apps to it make use of contact groups create appropriate groups using gmail 's web interface , splitting your contacts in your preferred way . then on each device , select to only show the corresponding group . ( see also how do i sync only “my contacts” from google on samsung galaxy s ? and the questions in its " linked " section ) . though in this case all contacts are synced to both devices , you can chose to only show the preferred group on each .
i had the same problem and restarting my phone fixed it . try rebooting your cell if you have not done it yet .
you can try these instructions from xda : warning ! : this will wipe contacts . it seems acore fc 's when there are corrupted contacts . usually by restoring contacts on an incompatible rom . . . . and will temporarily wipe market list . so backup your contacts ! step by step : make sure sync is off , leave it off for some time ! go into settings select applications select manage applications ( if you are on 2.2 ) select the all tab scroll down until you find contacts storage ( select it ) . wipe data+clear cache ( if available ) hit back scroll down until you find google services framework ( select it ) wipe data+clear cache ( if available ) reboot and enjoy ( optional ) enable sync again enable sync again when your convinced that the error has gone .
i updated my htc chacha over the air ( ota ) to 2.3.5 two days ago . identical issue . keep getting same error whenever i press the green call button or a number to start dialing or attempt to start the " phone " app . i do not have a " contacts " app any more . i believe the issue is in an app called " dialer " because that is what displays when i tell my phone to report the issue to htc . work around : use the favourites ( people ) widget that comes , by default , on the second screen . press the right arrow and you will go to your contacts list . from there you can call your contacts - or add new contacts and call them . note that the phone does receive calls okay . this is an outrageous bug . the software update should never have been pushed . additional issue in 2.3.5: the initial boot up " enter pin " screen is not sized correctly for the chacha - there are some white line dots at the top of that screen - presumably the bottom of the text saying " enter pin " - but all you see is the text input field and the " ok"/"cancel " buttons . also it seems this phone requires a sim pin even when none is set . further - if you type your pin wrong 3 times it does not tell you that it is expecting the puk . i think htc have got serious issues when it comes to software development . i wish cyanogenmod was available for the htc chacha - because it was the only way i could use my htc desire z ( default htc software for that had show-stopping issues , too ) .
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
did any manuals or documentation come with this thing ? is there a manufacturer 's website for tech support ? look for ways to get into " recovery mode " which should have options for doing a " factory reset " .
extracted from ultrapixel vs megapixel : htc one and iphone 5 camera shoot-out : ultra-pixels : basically the sensor on the htc one features larger pixels for better low light sensitivity and , on paper , better overall camera performance . [ . . . ] we have to understand that “ultrapixel” is just htc’s marketing team saying that the pixels on the htc one’s sensor are larger . here’s how it works : the sensor on the htc one isn’t larger than the sensors on other modern phones : 1/3.2-inch is what htc used in the one and the same size is also present on the iphone 5 , galaxy s iii , or lumia 920 . a larger sensor means having something like the nokia 808 pureview has with its 1/1.2 inch sensor . some other site described that term as " plain market buzz " . more on the term ultrapixel can also be found at wikipedia . megapixel , on the other hand , is a measurement term , describing the resolution of an image – a term used not only for the number of pixels in an image , but also to express the number of image sensor elements of digital cameras or the number of display elements of digital displays .
problem solved . 360 security was crashing with greenify . if you open the main page of 360 security then memory booster on top right hand side there is a ignore list . add greenify to ignore list and you will be ok . it seems greenify and 360 security do the same function and when you run both at same time 360 tries to hibernate greenify which causes this problem .
short answer : no . the app dev must have made it like this . you could email the dev , to ask them to sort it , but otherwise there is no option .
i am not sure what the process is for it being a vanilla developer phone , but i know many samsung devices can flash a radio package through the recovery mode , to potentially improve signal and speeds . for the nexus , there seems to be plenty of dumps available here to install which might help your signal problems . note however that this is a purely trial-and-error process which can , in some circumstances , cause unforeseen side effects so be careful about it .
it look is like this is a pretty widespread problem . it does not answer my shopping question ( should i return it ) but at least i can say with confidence that it is not just me , so it should get addressed eventually .
as su , do this : # mount -o remount,rw /system  you will now be able to delete it . as said in comments , do not forget to # mount -o remount,ro /system  or just reboot when you have finished . : )
an alternative to the dropbox way of sharing files is ubuntu one
you could use bluetooth to send it ; use your ubuntu system to do the sending and just make sure that bluetooth is activated on your phone . alternatively , connect your phone to your desktop via usb and change your phone 's connection type to be disk drive and then mount the disk drive on your computer ( my ubuntu system does this automatically ) . copy it over using the desktop 's interface of your choice . then when you disconnect your phone , use a file browser like astro file manager to open the file . alternatively , if you have somewhere to put the file , astro can get it via either sftp or smb . if you have wifi in your house , then you would be able to access it via smb . there are boxes provided for server , share , domain , directory , user name , and password . or you could use a data connection , but that would involve both your isp not blocking the needed ports ( mine does ) , and sending your password in the clear over the open internet .
i use dropbox for that .
i use FTP file transfer using filezilla . its easy , secure , and offers decent data transfer rates . so you do not need bluetooth or a usb cable to store and retrieve stuff from your device . there is a software called software data cable that allows you to transfer data wirelessly from and to your device using filezilla . using both of them together is simple . hope this helps .
i do not know of any shell utilities that will let you just right click and send , but for transferring files to/from my device in general i am a huge fan of files anywhere plus it can send/receive faxes from your phone . you can upload files from your machine via their web interface , then download using the app . it is a free service , too . for ubuntu , you might be able to write a shell script incorporating this and then add it to your right click options . i reviewed files anywhere on my blog some while ago if you want to read more about it . if you just want to transfer files while on your lan and you are using wifi , samba filesharing works super well . you can just browse to your phone 's sd card like it was a regular network samba share from your desktop .
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
in browswer 's setting check if you have made the " plugin load on demand " . if so , try " always load " .
for some reason you are not successfully replacing the stock recovery ( the " yellow exclaimation-mark icon over a phone icon" ) with the new one they instruct you to download . step 7 is key : 7 ) type fastboot flash recovery recovery.img this is where they have you ' flash ' ( copy/format ) the modified recovery over the stock recovery . is this step working for you ? simply copying the ' rectools . tar . gz ' to your device 's storage or sd card is not sufficient . on a separate note , have you investigated other means of rooting your device besides manually flashing via adb ? my favorite guide is lifehacker 's , and if i read it right you might simply be able to use superoneclick . in any event , as always , tread lightly and read carefully .
nope ! as this phone doesnot have any support for gsm , or what you can say the sim cards that would provide you a functionality to send and recieve messages or phone calls on the go , this phone doesnot allow you to make or recieve phone calls . however , you can use voip , such as google voice , or skype by microsoft . to make phone calls , however if you want to make a phone call such as one you would make by any gsm supporting phone , it will not be happening here ! you need to get 24x7 wifi connection , to make sure you are alive . otherwise just download angry birds and play it in the meantime . cheers .
no . only skype or other voip options . it does not have a gsm module on it , it just has a small chip for data transfers .
there are multiple solutions to this . google play beta has already be mentioned , but afaik has the ( minor ? ) drawback that users need either to be active in g+ or google groups ( at least the former is a no-go for me , which is why i e.g. do not participate in the current se app beta ) . one alternative would be to have a link to where you host your app , always using the same name ( e . g . my-latest.apk ) . this way you just need to drop them a note whenever you have placed a new version , and they can directly download it to their devices and install . another alternative would be using aptoide , where you could establish your own repository/channel ( they call it " store" ) . there is an app available for your users , which is similar to googleplaystore – which means no notices or manual checking needed , updates are signaled automatically . aptoide ( aka bazaar ) permits public and private stores , so you can chose how open your beta should be . for details , you might want to check with the introductionary video clip .
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
open kies via wifi , go to the settings , and turn off autoconnect . Settings -&gt; More Settings -&gt; Kies via Wi-Fi -&gt; Settings -&gt; Auto connect off
it is an app that is used to update your smartphone or tablet . the only way to kill it is to root your phone and uninstall it . it is a system app and cannot be killed .
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
you can get . apk files to your pc . create a simple html page with a link to your . apk &lt;a href='yourfile.apk'&gt;download&lt;/a&gt;  use web browser in emulator to access and download the file and install from sdcard of emulator .
if you got that . apk file downloaded in your system , you can easily install that by the following steps . first of all copy the . apk file to the android sdk --> ' platform-tools ' directory to start the emulator use type the following command on your terminal cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools // press enter then type the following to start the emulator emulator -avd &lt;emulator_name&gt; // press enter &lt;emulator_name&gt; is the name that you have given when you first created that emulator . if you do not know that name , go to eclipse and click window--> avd and sdk manager . on that window you can see the avd name . after that wait for a couple of minutes so that the emulator starts . after that , unlock the emulator : open another tab in terminal or open another terminal and type the following commands cd /path_to_android_sdk/platform-tools; ls //press enter now you should see your application name . adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // press enter ./adb install &lt;name_of_the_apk&gt; // for mac machine after that you can see a success message . eventually press on the menu launcher button on the emulator where you can see your application installed . click on the icon to launch that application .
this might help : login to your google account from your pc go to https://play.google.com/apps hit ctrl+f ( or command + f on mac ) and type the name of your app , and look for it . click the app name when you find it . now , you can either note down the exact name of the app and the publisher and install manually from the play store on phone , or , just click the install button ( make sure your phone is on and has a data plan/wifi ) , select your device , click install .
that is weird . i have an s2 and when i get a message i can swipe the message notifications action and it gets me right to the message . if you did not find anything maybe you can add messaging as an unlock shortcut to get you right to your messages .
as far as i know , there is no setting for this unfortunately . samsung will occasionally update the s3 with os updates such as recently to 4.3 which changed the way text messages are displayed on the lock screen . so it not only depends on which version of android you are running but which samsung update you have got . perhaps you can try download a lock screen replacement app from the play store ?
i am not sure why you can not move those files to the sd card . maybe the sd card is full ? but to uninstall apps you can not the normal way i use hiuninstaller . it requires root but it let 's you uninstall any app and back it up in case you want it back . just be careful what you uninstall with it . you can find it on the market .
you may want to try this blog post . there is a bit of coding/tweaking involved , but you do not need root for it . to summarize , you need to run this inside plat_form-tools folders , command prompt $ adb shell pm setinstalllocation 2 here 's a video , if you prefer that .
you should try scribb . it which offers a few of what you asked for , and offers alternative features . its free and you can do stuff like make a todo list or make a note with the news headlines or word of the day . its a very new app to the play store but very promising . i use it for work and its increased my productivity by quite a bit , i highly recommend you check it out . its also optimised for tablet usage . you should also try evernote sketch . it has loads of features but does not support tablet very well which is what you said you have .
evernote 's skitch ( free ) and autodesk 's sketchbook ( express and mobile express - free , mobile - €1.50 , pro - € 3.76 ) may do it . perhaps other ever note ap ps may help you . evernote 's apps are note taking apps and sketchbook is more a paint-like app . have also a look at this android enthusiasts question and especially at this answser .
over-the-air ( ota ) updates from your carrier or manufacturer cannot be directly applied on a device that has a custom rom installed . this is due to many possible incompatibilities between the stock firmware and whatever code base the custom rom is using . therefore , most ( if not all ) custom roms intentionally disable any ota checks that usually come standard with stock firmwares . that said , some custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod rom ) have developed their own ota services . these are usually pull ( i.e. . phone checks for available update periodically ) as opposed to push ( manufacturer sends a message to phone to go out and download an update , ) but generally work fairly well . you should contact your rom 's developers to see if such a feature is available for you . alternatively , you can try to return your phone to its stock firmware , and then you will be able to accept the carrier/manufacturer ota update .
under application manager , there should be two google play services instances under " running apps " . these instances will also indicate which services are active , and that they were launched by an application .
after further debugging , google play services ' connection was coming across as needing an update in my app 's code . it turns out i had to clear google play service 's cache . once i did that and turned on , it prompted me to install updates . i did that , and now it recognizes it as re-enabled as it should .
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
there are some technical reasons explained on the android developers website that justify why the widget may have stopped working : any of this ones are not recommended to move to an external storage due to possible failure : services your running service will be killed and will not be restarted when external storage is remounted . you can , however , register for the action_external_applications_available broadcast intent , which will notify your application when applications installed on external storage have become available to the system again . at which time , you can restart your service . alarm services your alarms registered with alarmmanager will be cancelled . you must manually re-register any alarms when external storage is remounted . input method engines your ime will be replaced by the default ime . when external storage is remounted , the user can open system settings to enable your ime again . live wallpapers your running live wallpaper will be replaced by the default live wallpaper . when external storage is remounted , the user can select your live wallpaper again . app widgets your app widget will be removed from the home screen . when external storage is remounted , your app widget will not be available for the user to select until the system resets the home application ( usually not until a system reboot ) . account managers your accounts created with accountmanager will disappear until external storage is remounted . sync adapters your abstractthreadedsyncadapter and all its sync functionality will not work until external storage is remounted . device administrators your deviceadminreceiver and all its admin capabilities will be disabled , which can have unforeseeable consequences for the device functionality , which may persist after external storage is remounted . broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed " the system delivers the action_boot_completed broadcast before the external storage is mounted to the device . if your application is installed on the external storage , it can never receive this broadcast . copy protection your application cannot be installed to a device 's sd card if it uses google play 's copy protection feature . however , if you use google play 's application licensing instead , your application can be installed to internal or external storage , including sd cards .
as you have guessed , your widgets , live wallpaper etc will not work once you move them to sd card . if you are rooted you can use solutions like link2sd and data2sd which creates an extra partition in your sd card to move your app or part of the app .
i had a similar problem , the solution was to use a file explorer to remove the cached image from : /Android/data/com.android.providers.media/albumthumbs/ 
the problem might not be with your album art , but with your mp3 file . you can try replacing the current album art if any , using a software like windows media player ( "wmp" ) through your computer . all you have to do is to locate the mp3 from your wmp , right click on the current album art and paste a picture . ( more info ) also you can make your stock music app to update music data as well . more info is available on htc support website . then you can paste the audio file using a different name and a in different location . this might do the trick . or you can use another apps to update your album info .
this feature is rather be app-specific . probably the default photo app on your legend does this by default , while the one on you one x does not . to achieve the desired results on your new device , you might need to find a 3rd party photo app supporting this feature . your phone is certainly capable of it , that is not the issue .
seems like ' line ' is converted to a system app . you can convert it to an user app and uninstall it if you have root permissions by using apps like ' app uninstaller ' . otherwise you can disable it after uninstalling updates . disable button is can be found besides the force stop button . else restore your phone .
try " go locker " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jiubang.goscreenlock gives you a wide variety of lock screens to choose from .
it will not fit , the note 2 batteries are physically larger than the note 1 's battery slots . your best bet is finding a good third-party extended battery .
bluetooth has a master/slave setup , in which the other device is a master ( for example , a phone ) and the other a slave ( a headset ) . most phones support the hands-free profile only as a master , which means that the phone can connect to slave devices and stream its audio to the device , not the other way around . apparently samsung has included support for hfp slave on it is player models , which is reasonable since they do not have phone functionality builtin . therefore , it is not a question of settings , it is a question of support .
there are multiple ways to copy files between your computer and your android device : simply connect the two using an usb cable , and mount your android device 's storage to the computer -- then deal with it like with any other drive create " shared folders " on your computer , and use an android app which can deal with them , like e.g. es file explorer file manager use an app which can share your android device to your computer , for even more manageability -- like e.g. airdroid use cloud services like e.g. dropbox or google drive which are accessible from both , your computer and your android device , to share documents between the two lame , but also listed for completeness : send the files to your google mail account , and then save the attachments from the gmail app far from being complete -- but it should give you an idea of what is possible .
is google places out for india ? one of the main menu items is " atm " . if not , you are probably better off using the website for your bank . if they are good , they have already got a mobile version of the site and one of the primary functions i would think they had have is atm locations .
new app just launched : atm hunter do not know how well it covers india .
after an update of k-9 mail i tried again to find it and succeeded ( do not know whether this worked in a version prior to the new one ) . this is how you search in k-9 mail inside a message : in the respective message select any text ; in the upcoming menu ( copy , past , select all ) , select the document with a magnifying glass on it ; now the text you selected is used for an in-message search ; edit the search box and enter your search string .
its because of you are using max amount sdcard that an ace can support . ace supports 32gb maximum , and you are using the same . but its fact that ace supports 32gb , but it may cause problems mounting that much higher amount . you can try 16gb class 10 , it may be accurate .
i think ussd checker is the app that you are looking for . it allows you to send ussd codes to your network without the use of a dialer . i have not tried it myself though so comment whether it works or not would help .
this page has a couple of benchmarks that compare not only a nexus one running 2.2 vs . one running 2.1 , but also includes iphones and the ipad . in both cases , the nexus one running 2.2 outperforms the 2.1 version by over 2x .
google claims performance improvements of 4x to 5x over previous versions no they did not claim such , what they claimed is that jit compiler can give 4x to 5x improvement on compute-bound process ( cpu-bound process ; processes doing heavy computations ) . if you are scrolling on a long contact list , browsing web or gallery , etc you are more likely to be i/o bound by slow network or slow disk rather than cpu-bound , and jit only helps very little in those cases . outside of benchmarks and games , it is in fact very rare for applications to be cpu-bound .
many developers have their own sites and there are other app markets that allow direct download . but besides that , we can not speak to their motives , you had need to ask them . i would assume , however , that they are controlling distribution in order to control distribution :p . for paid apps this is obvious ( piracy prevention ) , but even for non-paid apps there are developers and others who want to monitor , limit , etc . the download of apps .
is the account you are using listed in Settings | Accounts &amp; sync ? if so , you should be able to select the account then choose Menu | Sync now .
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
the problem , in my experience , is that the vanilla android ui does not give enough access to all the wifi capabilities that the device possesses . what i have done on my devices in the past , in situations where i needed to connect to an enterprise wifi is to remote into the device and change the wpa_supplicant.conf file manually . to do this though you will need root access on the device . the steps are as follows : make sure that you have the device connected to the computer and turn development mode on , with your device driver installed . you can find some of them on google 's page . you will need to have android-developer-bridge at hand , which comes with the android-sdk . you can get that here . in a terminal of your choice run the adb . exe file from the sdk with the following command : adb.exe devices . this will give you a print out of the devices that were detected . if not , check the steps above . now you will need to pull the wpa_supplicant file to your computer 's filesystem for modification , or you could do it through the terminal itself . run adb.exe pull /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf &lt;The path you want to put the file on your computer&gt; . open up the file and modify it by adding a block with the following format ( //is a comment and should not be placed in the document ) . you will need to get the correct information from your network administrator : save the file , turn off your phone 's wifi , and run adb.exe push &lt;Path of the file on your filesystem&gt; /data/misc/wifi now run adb.exe shell , and execute chown system.wifi /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf turn the phone 's wifi back on , and hopefully this worked . another option is to try to use some of the wifi management apps you can get on the play market , but in my experience they have not worked all that well . hope this helps you in some way . -mrdresden
if you follow the method found in the lifehacker article , you would indeed need to root your phone , which would mean that you would not be able to receive ota updates , unless you were to later un-root your phone , going back to the stock firmware ( rom ) . you would not necessarily lose your current settings , but you would have trouble upgrading to jelly bean via an ota upgrade unless you un-rooted , as mentioned above . i am sure you would have to unlock your bootloader as well , prior to rooting , although i am not really familiar with your particular model of phone .
you may add the following rules to your user stylesheet : result in opera on this comic : caveat : i don’t own an android , so this may not work . update there is a command line version of xkcd . cm , where titles are printed out .
it is unlikely that there is a way to view alt-text without disabling images . from a technical standpoint , alt is not a tooltip . (http://www.456bereastreet.com/archive/200604/alt_text_is_an_alternative_not_a_tooltip/) however , in the real world , many sites ( like xkcd ) use it for added effect . since touchscreens have no concept of " mouse over " , it is unlikely you will ever see a browser with a simple technique to view alts . your best bet is to go in dolphin 's options/preferences and see if there is a way to disable images .
download xkcd viewer app in the android market . you can then tap on the comic to bring up the hover text .
the right answer is to just go to http://m.xkcd.com. there is a link on there to show or hide the alt text .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
be an activist and upvote the defect here ! though that is a longer term answer . : )
not quite a browser , but the google reader app lets you do this . long-press a picture and you will get the option to view either the picture or the alt-text . see the attached screenshots :
having cwm installed will not prevent your phone from noticing that an update is available , but it may prevent the update from installing in the usual automated fashion . the update process actually works by creating a special file with a " script " for the recovery to run , then rebooting to recovery ; cwm will just show its menu instead of running the script . it may be possible to apply the upgrade through cwm as an ordinary update zip , but if you want to make sure the process is seamless , it would be a good idea to flash back to the stock recovery before installing the update . btw , the jro03o update for the galaxy nexus removes the automatic stock recovery flash that you linked to . you no longer have to do anything special to keep cwm installed when running stock .
nike+ lets you select privacy options for your sharing . public , social , private
google hosts their flagship device otas online , fortunately , under the codename crespo for the nexus s . some searching along those line resulted in this android police post ( affiliate links removed ) : well , that did not take long . here are the instructions to [ get ] your nexus s rocking ics right now . do not try this on the cdma nexus s ! download the ota package rename it to update . zip copy it to the root of the internal storage power off the device , hold volume up and power to reboot into the bootloader select " recovery , " then hit the power button once the warning triangle appears , hold the power button and hit volume up select " apply update from /sdcard " and choose the update . zip once the process is finished , simply choose " reboot system now " once it reboots , bam ! you have got ics . congratulations ! the link there is http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/VQ8PQk_V.zip . koush notes that this is for the t-mobile version , the i9020t . from dottech . org : there are unofficial reports that the update works for i9023 ( the super lcd version of nexus s ) ; and can work for i9020a ( the at and t/telus/koodo nexus s ) by flashing compatible radio files . if you are a brazen fellow you can attempt to update your i9023/i9020a with the t-mobile ics package but be warned : you might get a brick .
you can also set the suid bit on your ' sh ' . i am using busybox so instructions may not match your setup : adb shell su mount -o remount , rw /system ( or : adb remount ) ls -la /system/bin/sh lrwxr-xr-x root shell 2012-11-10 15:20 sh -> mksh chmod 4755 /system/bin/sh ls -la /system/bin/mksh -rwsr-xr-x root shell 157520 2012-11-10 09:54 mksh ( notice the suid bit is set ) ^d adb shell and you should have the root prompt
what are you trying to run as root for ? you are saying that you want to run adb shell with root but you do not want to use adb shell ? can you clarify ? if the application requests for root access , then the superuser application on your phone should handle giving it permission or not . the process in which you rooted your phone should have included a superuser application .
if i am understanding your question correctly , you are asking how to get root access automatically when you run adb shell , so that you do not have to go into the shell and type su to execute a command as root on your phone . this is controlled by a flag in your boot partition , which most custom roms have modified to allow root permission by default . if you get dropped to a $ when you use adb shell then you have two permanent options and one temporary one ( temporary meaning that it does not stick if you reboot ) : flash a rom that includes the modification create a custom boot . img and flash it to your phone restart adbd on your device with root permissions number 2 is actually not that difficult , but it can be somewhat dangerous if you are careless . there is a wiki article here which explains the process and includes a couple of perl scripts to help you . these instructions assume a linux/unix environment . i have personally used these instructions on fedora linux and can tell you that they work , but i do not know about other *nix environments like macs . i also do not know of any similar windows instructions , but i could try to track some down if you are on windows . the exact commands will vary somewhat from phone to phone since different devices use different partition tables . generally speaking , though , you need to pull your current boot . img from your phone , unpack it , extract the ramdisk , and find the default . prop file . this is a plaintext file , which you need to open in a text editor and then find the line that contains the value ro.secure . if the line says ro.secure=1 then you need to change it to ro.secure=0 . after that you can re-pack the ramdisk and boot . img , then flash it to your phone . once you reboot , you will be greeted with a # prompt whenever you perform adb shell without having to run su . alternatively , if you are using a custom rom but it does not have this modification , you can just unzip the rom and modify the boot . img that is included with it using the above steps . then you can zip up the rom with the newly modified boot . img and flash the zip file as you normally would . this probably goes without saying , but be careful when doing this . messing with your boot partition can quite easily wreck your phone and force you to recover via hboot . i would highly recommend testing fastboot to makes sure you can use extended fastboot commands and perform a recovery . this varies a bit based on your model , but most phones have some sort of desktop software that can be run to reflash the phone as well . the third option is that in many cases it may be possible to restart adbd on your device with root privileges . one possibility is to execute adb root from a pc terminal , although this will not work on all rom configurations ( the rom must be built as a " userdebug " one ) . you can also try chainfire 's adbd insecure app . this will not persist across a reboot , so you would need to use either the app or adb root again any time you restarted your phone .
well if you phone is rooted you can run commands with the " su -c " command . here is an example of a cat command on the build . prop file to get a phones product information . adb shell "su -c 'cat /system/build.prop |grep "product"'"  this invokes root permission and runs the command inside the ' ' notice the 5 end quotes , that is required that you close all your end quotes or you will get an error . for clarification the format is like this . adb shell "su -c '[your command goes here]'"  make sure you enter the command exactly the way that you normally would when running it in shell . give it a try , hope this helps .
simply install adbd insecure .
as an alternative , you could write your script on the phone and simply have adb execute it , for example : adb shell sh /sdcard/myscript.sh  the script can elevate itself without your intervention ( assuming superuser is set to remember the approval ) , for example : su pm setInstallLocation 1  i just did this on my phone with success , the only problem being that i have not quite figured out how to cleanly end the adb shell session . i have to ctrl-c in my windows shell to return to the windows command prompt -- otherwise adb just sits at the # prompt and does not accept input .
in theory you should get full speed but this things can be dodgy sometimes . make sure you make these speedtests at the same spot and at the same time to avoid congestion and diffrent signal strenghts effecting the test . you can try usb tethering and see if the speed improves . if you can not find usb tethering in settings there are apps that should allow you to try this . you can also try to put the phone to a better spot ( signal wise ) when using the wifi tether . on an unrelated note , please try to be more precise when using units such as kbps . you used bits 3 times and byte once . a small ( normal ) b means a bit and a large ( capital ) b a byte . one byte is 8 bits . 40 kbps ( kilo bits per seconds ) is 5kb/s ( kilo bytes per seconds ) . please do the tests again and edit your question with the correct numbers with correct units or post in a comment . it is also possible that your computer is doing some stuff ( such as cheking for windows updates or antivirus definitions ) that might effect your speedtest . also the compter might show the results in a diffent unit than your phone , so the numbers are smaller but the speed is the same .
no , this does not seems to be normal . when i use my phone for tethering i get the full 100% speed my phone is normally capable of . maybe you network supplier is slowing down the connection or the tethering isnt working all that great .
i also faced the same issue with the stock alarm . stock alarm was not able to recognize the sd card songs . i vaguely remembered the solution . couple of restarts and removing the sd card from the phone and plugging it again solved the issue fro me . but now i installed alarm klock which has the option to see all the songs on sd card by author and album wise . it has vibrating feature which does not there in stock alarm .
there are a number of apps that will let you set pretty much any sound file ( mp3 , ogg vorbis , etc ) as a ringtone or notification sound . tone picker is just one example .
your mcc and mnc are indeed required and must match the mcc and mnc detected by the phone . i recommend using market enabler ( requires root ) to force set them if your phone is not detecting it properly . ( it looks like me has been removed from the play store and is now available here ) .
sort of embarrassed to admit this , but i rebooted the phone , and all of the apns i had added were on the list . problem solved .
the browser does not directly control that ; it is the kernel 's choice , since the kernel is where the tcp implementation lives . however , one way the application can influence it is by setting the TCP_NODELAY option on the socket , which requests that the kernel disable nagle 's algorithm and send each chunk of data as soon as possible . this may be an optimization : since many http requests contain only headers and no body , it is better for the kernel to send a packet with the headers immediately , instead of waiting a little while to see if the browser produces any more data that could fit into the same packet .
this xda thread provides a method for rooting without unlocking , though i do not know if it will still work for 2.3.6 . worth a shot . if i does not i think you had need to downgrade your firmware to avoid unlocking , which would wipe your data anyways . as for backing up without root , see how can data on an unrooted phone be backed up ?
i was able to flawlessly root nexus one with stock 2.3.6 with doomlord 's easy rooting toolkit [ v4.0 ] ( zergrush exploit ) . this also installed busybox and superuser app . no bootloader unlock or wipe was performed and no user data or apps were lost . some useful info can be also obtained here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/htc_nexus_one/flashing_guide
chrome flags ( accessed by going to chrome://flags on chrome ) are basically on/off switches for experimental and dangerous ( hence the warning at the top of the flags page ) features not yet officially announced in a chrome release . they are most definitely not scams , but are experiments intended for testing by developers and beta testers of chrome .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
power supply is actually a term with some actual , albeit generic , significance and meaning . in handsets , the power supply is probably ( i am not an electrical engineer , or expert on device hardware ) a component that regulates the power supplied to the device ( keeping the voltage constant , for one thing ) , and manages the physical charging/discharging of the battery . as far as what could have damaged it , it could be anything from dropping/shaking the device if there is a loose connection , to a short caused by water , to overheating . unless you can find a connection that got loose , and the power supply is indeed fried , you will need to get it repaired . if you think there might have been any water damage , put the phone in rice for a day or three , it will dry out most liquid that may be in the device , and it might just work .
i was able to replicate your issue . you need to disable hardware acceleration in developer options . this step is for the samsung galaxy s4 , but you should be able to find something similar for your tablet : Settings &gt; More &gt; Developer Options &gt; Force GPU rendering .
i doubt two things here : first , the crash of your computer is unlikely to be meant by that statement ( i will not say it was completely unrelated , but at least rather a co-incidence ) . second , the backup is unlikely to be unsafe – it is rather the restore to be concerned about . searching the web , you can find plenty of reports where a restore " broke the device " , and left the user with crashing apps , not being able to read/write sms , and things like that . such happens especially when that backup was restored to a different rom , or even just with some ota in between . structures might have changed , database layouts looking different ( some columns dropped , others added ) , so " stuff " is no longer compatible with the backup . a restore would simply place the old files back , and thus might change parts of the system which now consist of more files/apps . all those problems are rather unlikely to affect " self-contained user apps " , but quite often happen with system apps . i hope this little excurse sheds some light .
as i have read in different places : freezing apps does not necessarily mean their services will not be running anymore . it seems even frozen apps are able to react on broadcasts , so freezing alone will not solve the issue . reference : if the app you freeze is sending the intent , then no the intent will no longer happen . but if the app is receiving intents , then yes it should still receive them . ( ase ) the solution would be to use an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , the pro -- the free version is limited here ) to disable separate listeners , so the corresponding services will no longer be started . a free alternative might be autostart manager which i have not tested myself : autorun manager / autostart manager ( click image to enlarge ) having disabled the corresponding listener , the app ( frozen or not ) should no longer receive the broadcast for the event it usually reacts on , so it will no longer start on that event , and thus no longer be running -- unless started manually .
use titanium backup ( or similar software ) to freeze or uninstall the services/apps you do not want to use . be careful since you might break the system if some needed apps/services are not found .
to refresh the list of your music you do following : go into settings-> manage apps-> all services . scroll down and select " media storage . " then hit the " clear data " icon . source : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-4-general-discussion/220965-players-dont-detect-music-my-sd-card-after-ics-update.html
you probably have not been asking the right question in your research . have you tried searching ' rescan media ' in the android market ? a multitude of apps will be returned . personally the great app widgetsoid has this function amongst a multitude of options/settings .
i was able to gather that required information through reading a log starting recovery on sat oct 5 16:12:57 2013 framebuffer : fd 4 ( 320 x 480 ) recovery filesystem table ========================= 0 /tmp ramdisk ( null ) ( null ) 1 /boot emmc /dev/block/mmcblk0p8 ( null ) 2 /cache ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p15 ( null ) 3 /data ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p13 ( null ) 4 /recovery emmc /dev/block/mmcblk0p16 ( null ) 5 /misc emmc /dev/block/mmcblk0p19 ( null ) 6 /sdcard vfat /dev/block/mmcblk1p1 /dev/block/mmcblk1 7 /system ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 ( null ) 8 /sys_boot vfat /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 ( null ) command : "/sbin/recovery " it is also known as the recovery log , do not know whether there is a connection . so there are all the partitions which are mounted . so i use the linux dd command and flash the recovery partition . /dev/block/mmcblk0p16 as listed there dd if=recovery_image of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p16 note : this resulted me a broken recovery image . [ i think they still not supporting for this device ] . good thing that i have already backed up the recovery image . dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p16 of=recovery_backup . img so i have replaced it with the backup again and it is working back .
it is unlikely that your phone is useless . from the symptoms you state , it sounds like you have done one or more of the following , rooted your phone unlocked the bootloader installed a custom recovery installed a custom rom if even any one of these is true , the ota update will fail and redownload itself because it thinks it was a bad package download .
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
my partition was not called recovery but " sos " . you can check it by doing : heimdall print-pit --verbose from a terminal while the tab is in download mode . i flashed my p7510 . gist : https://gist.github.com/pskiden/6311605
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
this is a because of a bug in heimdall v1.4 rc1 -- the version that shipped with ubuntu 13.04 . what you will want to do is upgrade heimdall to version 1.4 final , or the latest version . . that should do it .
i have been struggling with upgrading my galaxy tab p1000 from 2.2 froyo to cyanogenmod 9 using the official documentation from cyanogenmod . heimdall always failed with the message ERROR: Failed to confirm end of file transfer sequence! ( final version 1.4 in windows and linux ) . unfortunately , samsung kies did not want to upgrade firmware to 2.3 gingerbread . so i desperately tried odin . and voila - i got 2.3.6 running . curious as i am , i tried again with heimdall . this time , heimdall succeeded with installing recovery . :d unfortunately , i got an error when installing any cm image /dev/block/stl11 and /dev/block/stl10 were unmountable . something was still wrong . finally i found this reference , and it worked well . : )
sounds rather like something is overheating ( hardware ) especially the shorter times on repeated attempts . presumably whatever that is is not in the speaker part of the circuit or when transmitting to bluetooth , but is specific to the headphone/aux jack part of the circuit . so , probably a hardware bug ( or " design flaw" ) , rather than a " limit " you can " disable . "
an app like permissions can tell you the meaning of the different types of permissions . for receive text messages ( sms ) : allows the app to receive and process sms messages . this means the app could monitor or delete messages sent to your device without showing them to you .
as far as i have been able to tell , there is no official information on what this permission is for . i have seen this in another app in the last little while . the google hangouts app recently gained the sms permission and uses it ( in addition to displaying your phone 's sms messages in the app ) to process phone number confirmation texts : the hangouts app processes the sms message and verifies your number without requiring you to enter the code ( or even showing you the sms message ) . if i had to make an educated guess , i would assume the twitter app is doing something similar , but again , there is no official word on the purpose of this .
i was concerned about this as well and decided to decompile the app to find out what it is doing . twitter receives sms messages via a broadcastreceiver in com . twitter . applib . client . smsreceiver . here is what the code looks like after decompiling it to java with dex2jar and jd-gui . you see see here that when a text message is received , the app passes the message to a ( ) and checks that it comes from twitter 's number . then it writes the content of the message to shared preferences . as problematic suggested , the app is only verifying your number and not doing anything malicious . although twitter is not doing anything malicious , it would have been nice if they would have explained why the app needs this permission in the last update .
the Lock time zone setting in the s planner says : lock event times and dates to your selected time zone below . times and dates will not change even if you move to another time zone . this means that the event retains the same timezone it was originally created with . however , the display will be adjusted according to the locked timezone . e.g. if you were originally in gmt+3 , and you created an event using gmt+3 at 10:00 , and then locked the timezone at gmt+4 , then you will see that the time has changed to gmt+4 11:00 to reflect the selected timezone . internally , this is still gmt+3 10:00 . new events that you create will be based on the locked timezone .
the problem was a bug that this specific version had , if you are using this specific version i strongly advise you to update .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
not a quick solution , but this does always force a reload of all resources from the server ( though the server itself may cache pages depending on your output cache settings there ) : menu button settings clear cache press ok , exit the settings menu reload via the menu bar reload button ** ( steps from android 2.3 ; others are similar )
download inbrowser : https://market.android.com/details?id=nu.tommie.inbrowser it does not save any data so there is nothing to cache ; there is also no need to root . it uses the android browser to render so for testing purposes , it should be identical to the android browser .
load the stylesheet in another tab directly with its url and refresh it . if you see the changes reflected there then it'll also change the cached version that loads when you refresh your webpage . this works in dolphin too . i also found that if you plug in a keyboard , you can press shift and reload just like on desktop . but i prefer to see the changes as above just to be sure . . .
i found that switching to " desktop view " and back effectively reloaded . menu button desktop view [ checkbox ] this reloads once , then uncheck the checkbox and the view is updated !
another solution would be to install chrome for android ( it supports 2.2 ) and then enable remote debugging in chrome . you could then refresh the window from the console by issuing the following command . window.location.reload(true)  for more information about this command .
i have noticed that if i refresh over wifi it'll completely refresh , but if i refresh over cellular it will not . this with both the android native browser and opera mobile . on an lg thrill with android 2.2.2 . maybe it'll work for you .
on my samsung galaxy s2 i can do a force f5 refresh like this : Start default browser Press menu button Click 'More' Click 'Settings' Clear Cache, Clear History, Clear all Cookie Data.  then stop and restart the browser .
if you are rooted , you could install cyanogenmod this comes with an incognito mode which should not cache sites to your phone . another imperfect solution if you are not rooted is to go into your browser , in the address bar type ' about:debug ' then hit ' go ' . then in settings drop the cache size down to minimum which is 100kb .
i had the same problem with my g2 d802 only mine did work before when still running android 4.2 . it was a driver issue and fixed it by the folowing steps : download the android sdk at : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html unzip the package and run the file : sdk manager . exe scroll down to extra 's and check google usb driver and install packages http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html#top for a little more info my usb setting is set at ( mtp ) that did it for me .
the pc software setting is just for installing and using the lg pc software . once your drivers are installed , enable usb debugging , plug it in , change it from " charge only " to " mtp " and usb debugging should work .
please see this link on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_version_history see usage share wikipedia reference , obtaining user agent and application is not straight forward . many android browsers identify themselves as safari on ios ( among other things ) in order to aid compatibility many linux browsers identify themselves as safari on mac os x ( among other things ) in order to aid compatibility when i use dolphin my user agent does not show anything resembling gingerbread 2.3.4 or my browser . the following is by default though i can change my user agent that is part of using a browser . dolphin showing as a mobile device : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.4 ; en-us ; a1_07 build/grj22 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 dolphin with user agent as desktop : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( macintosh ; u ; intel mac os x 10_6_3 ; en-us ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/5.0 safari/533.1 for the default android browser on my tablet : user agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.4 ; en-us ; a1_07 build/grj22 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 and for firefox user agent : on my tablet mozilla/5.0 ( android ; mobile ; rv:31.0 ) gecko/31.0 firefox/31.0 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usage_share_of_web_browsers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/browser_sniffing to go much beyond general user oriented information/interest , you would have find out more from developers .
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
turns out the changes need to go into telephony . db !
the " not compatible with this device " message encompasses more than just the os version . the play store also checks for other software and hardware components that the app 's developer listed as requirements . these components can range from a minimum screen resolution , to having particular hardware ( e . g . tegra 3 chipset ) . you can try searching for a given app on google play store website to get a better idea of the incompatibility .
going by the unexpected touch behaviour you provide it seems that your multi-touch screen is not responding properly to your inputs for this you need to confirm it by doing a small and freely available multi touch test . download the app and check whether the touch is shown exactly where you selected . the two dots are drawn exactly where the phone reports you are touching . or else you can simply do the following 1- go to the developer options section in settings . 2- enable pointer location . 3- touch the screen as lightly as you can . you will notice a red number on the upper right corner of the screen named ""prs:" . this indicates the level of contact needed to register a touch . 4- do the same on different areas of the screen and remember try to touch the screen as lightly as you can ( the goal here is to find the lower number that registers a touch ) if you see that at one point of the screen the screen is not responding according to your input then you need to get in contact with your authorised service centre and report the issue .
you have got a bunch of questions going on here , but i will see if i can break this down in a reasonable manner . for starters , there is another key part of your phone that can be useful for determining which rooting methods will/will not work - your hboot version . this is effectively a first-stage bootloader for your phone , and you can access it by powering on your evo while holding the volume down button . you will know you are at the hboot screen if you get a mostly white screen with some skateboarding androids on the bottom . it will look something like this , and will have text that says " hboot-&lt;some numbers&gt;" near the top . this is your hboot version , and it is good to remember what it is . second , that rooting method is , as noted , outdated . i believe people currently use this method or this method on the 3.70 software . you could also try unrevoked if you want , but i do not know how nicely it plays with 3.70 ( especially if you have an hboot version of 2.02 or later ) . i have not had to root in a while , though , so i would just look through some threads a bit to see what is working on your software versions . you do need root in order to flash a custom rom image on your phone . pretty much every rooting process now will unlock the permissions of your nand , which is the portion of flash memory where system files live . you need to be able to write to nand in order to flash a custom rom , and you need root to perform the unlock . the easiest way to flash a rom is through a custom recovery image . you can put a flashable . zip file on your sd card , then boot into recovery and flash the . zip to install the rom . the rom itself will pretty much always be rooted , unless it is just an unmodified ota that is been packed into a . zip format . you can also flash roms directly from the rom manager program , but it can be a little finicky , so i recommend doing it manually . the two main custom recoveries are amon ra 's recovery and clockworkmod recovery ( brief discussion on the differences here on xda ) . custom recoveries can do other things , too , such as partition your sd card and perform nand backups . if you are going to start rooting , i recommend making a nand ( also called " nandroid" ) backup any time you are getting ready to make a modification to your system . the backup is a literal 1-to-1 image copy of your nand when the backup is made , so you can completely restore your phone 's current condition ( settings , system , apps , everything ) by restoring from a backup . lastly , it is possible to unroot your phone . if something gets really messed up , you can use one of htc 's rom upgrade utilitie s ( ruu ) to effectively re-flash the phone back to stock htc software . when mucking around with dual-booting roms on my evo i managed to wreck my boot partition at one point . i could not get into my rom , i could not get into recovery , but i could still get to hboot . from hboot i could still run an ruu , so i just restored to the 3.30 software , re-rooted , restored my nand backup and went on my merry way . although there is always potential to brick your phone completely , i have never actually seen a scenario where a phone could not be recovered via hboot somehow ( either ruu or another method ) . there are guides available for this as well . also , just as a note , if you only want to root so that you can get rid of sprint 's bloatware , you do not need a custom rom . once you unlock your nand you can just delete apps from the /system/apps directory via an adb shell or a terminal emulator . i personally think it is worth it to dive into a custom rom ( i am a cyanogenmod guy myself ) , but that is up to you . and of course , if sprint finds out that you rooted your phone your warranty is void . i think it is worth the risk , but it is something to always keep in mind .
the fm transmitter solution works , but can be a bit unreliable as you drive around , moving through areas with different interference etc . the transmitter works by sending the radio signal out at low power on a particular frequency , so if there is something bigger ( like a real radio station ) broadcasting on the same frequency you will hear that instead . i have a transmitter that can be battery-powered or plugged into the cigar lighter - it only works satisfactorily when plugged in . the quality of the sound also depends on how good the fm reception is in your car . as for the power issue , you can get splitters for the standard car cigar lighter ; search amazon for " car power splitter " for examples , such as : http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b001jprlpm/ref=mp_s_a_5?qid=1293873275sr=8-5 if the transmitter works for you in your car and your location , and you can put up with the wires dangling around the car , then it is an ok ( not great ) solution . another simple method would be to replace your stock car stereo with one that has a 3.5mm aux input , and plug the phone straight in .
i have something similar to this parrot handsfree kit that i use for handsfree calls , but primarily for playing music from my desire through my car stereo ( which is of similar vintage ) . that approach has the advantage that you can control the music from the handsfree kit , not having to worry about which pocket your phone is in . yeah i am curious too . . it seems to use bluetooth . i do not think my car stereo has bluetooth support it does , but it handles all of that . my stereo does not have bluetooth either , but the phone connects to the handsfree kit , which then hands either a mono audio stream ( handsfree ) or stereo ( music ) to the stereo 's appropriate inputs .
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
have you tried google 's quickoffice ? it detects numbers ( and underlining them ) , and lets you click the number to open the dialer with that number .
some troubleshooting suggestions : does the sms only show up in go , or does it also show up in the stock " messaging " app ? if it only shows up in go , we know it is an issue with that app . if not , an actual sms is being received by your phone . if it is a go problem , try clearing the go app cache completely . if the issue still persists , explore if it might be contact related as someone else suggested . if you sync your contacts with google , temporarily un-sync them so they go away and reboot . do you still get an sms ? if you are actually getting an sms ( feels unlikely ) you might want to contact your carrier just in case , they will probably be able to submit an error report so that someone can look into it . please supply more info on how your problem develops and i will try to expand my answer .
answer is no , you are not uninstalling the app by clearing the app data . clearing the application data is more or less resetting the application to an initial state before being customized based on the application settings , such as preferences , databases . i am aware it sounds contradictory but the crucial element in this is - the dalvik cache has the pre-cached dex class within the dalvik vm for the said app .
you can also press the menu button and then " notifications " to pull down the notification screen . it will not be shorter but you will not risk pressing the shortcuts on the top of the screen . and on some phone when holding it with one hand it is easier to use the menu button than to reach the top of the screen .
you should not need to long tap the notification bar , just tap and swipe down .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
two options : backup mantano 's database ( or the whole mantano folder ) use adobe digital editions to extract the annotations the first option will keep you locked in mantano . the second in ade , which more applications use it , but it is not as pervasive as one would like . the main problem with .epub is that annotations are not part of the standard , thus every application that supports it has to implement annotations in their own way , which usually means storing them out of the file . for pdfs , i use repligo , which stores the annotations inside the pdf . but many others like ezpdf accomplish this .
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
okay so i have solved all of my issues . it was quite simple really , and involved the following : root the phone . easy done - here 's a tutorial : http://theunlockr.com/2010/09/20/how-to-root-the-htc-desire-unrevoked-method/ backup the current phone setup just in case i want to rollback . . . tutorial : http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/ download a new custom rom to install . i went for the oxygen v2 rc6 gingerbread rom for htc desire . its excellent . . . fast , stable , resolves the space issues by enabling user to force apps to install to sd card , calendar shows the day when picking dates and even in agenda view , selective contacts sync is supported , and battery life seems better . it also makes it super easy to switch between 2g and 3g modes which saves heaps of battery ( in 2g mode that is ) . the rom is here : http://android-roms.net/desire/2011/01/06/oxygen-v2-0-rc6/ tutorial on loading custom rom here : http://theunlockr.com/2010/06/07/how-to-load-a-custom-rom-on-the-htc-desire/ reboot and enjoy the wonders of a pure android experience . . . no htc gunk , no telstra rubbishware , just pure unadulterated android excellence . note : i do have an issue with this setup . . . the network seems to drop out occasionally ( telstra ) . monitor this thread for a solution : telstra network dropouts on gingerbread oxygen rom
i am the developer of locale . locale has a plug-in architecture , and there is a free plug-in available on the android market called " locale bluetooth plug-in " which provides this functionality .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
i have just released a new bluetooth plugin for locale - which looks for bt devices by profile ( a2dp ( audio devices ) or headset/hands-free ) - optionally you can select a specific device to look for as well . check it out @ google play : locale bluetooth audio plugin
the prompt for the password is probably caused by one of those apps . try to remember the password you may have used for them . or else please provide a list of the apps you have tried . ( this can be achieved by going to the google play website and clicking on my apps . as a last resort you can restore your phone to it is factory settings by entering the recovery . to boot into the recovery press and hold power and volume up
your gsm carrier might have different apn s for 3g and 4g service . if so , you might be able to find a way to use tasker to automate the modification of your data apn between the two . i have looked , but all i can find is using tasker + apndroid to append " apndroid " to the apn name to disable mobile data entirely . useful in its own way , but not in your use-case . if anyone else can figure out a way to make it happen though , i think the potential is there . otherwise , i found a forum post describing how to use tasker to toggle 4g data . they list instructions for toggling lte ; i do not know if it will work for toggling hsdpa/hspa+ 4g on your note ii but it might be worth a shot . here are the juicy bits , modified slightly for clarity : you must be rooted and running a custom rom that supports 4g toggling ( i.e. . aokp ) . step 1: download secure settings step 2: open the app , go to options and scroll down to custom rom actions and ensure that " lte " is checked step 3: open up tasker and create a profile entitled "4g on " and choose your first context ( app = chrome ) step 4: click new task at the top of the tasks list and name it 4g on . step 5: click the + button and scroll to plugins and you will see secure settings . click it . step 6: you will see edit configuration ; click edit step 7: now you will see a list of the options you have enabled in secure settings . we care about 4g , so scroll down to lte and click it . then it will ask you what state you want lte to be in . this is the 4g on profile , so click on . save and apply the task . step 8: repeat steps 3-7 , but now choose the context you want for 4g to be off , name your profile and task 4g off , and when you get to the configuration settings in secure settings , make sure you check off for the state of lte . save and apply the task .
on android it is not that easy to modify the " fstab " , as that is often stored inside the boot-image ( see wikipedia on " initrd " for a more detailed explanation ) . however , depending on the device , there might be alternative solutions . some of them would be : directorybind binds " directories located on external_sd to directories on internal memory ( /sdcard ) . this way you can transfer large application data directories to external_sd . " ( in other words , you could compare that with " symbolic links " , pointing to the external sdcard ) . see also this article . swap internal and external sdcard . according to the linked article , this should work for any android phone or tablet . this solution is comparable to your " editing of fstab " . root external 2 internal sd is an app to swap the cards . from its description , it does the same as described in the previous point . there might be more solutions around , but these are the ones i have heard of . hope one of them can help you out !
here 's a solution from the lookout forums . this solution uses an app from the android app market , and is easier to install then the " logging test app " . the logging test app does not work on my phone ( samsung intercept ) . install any cut from the android app market . " any cut allows you to create home shortcuts to anything ! " go to " activities " . this will create a list of possible shortcuts on your system . it might take a minute for the list to appear . look for apps named ' iqrd ' and/or ' iqagent ' .
the people who make lookout now have carrier iq detector available in the market . note : it just detects it . it does not offer any tools to remove it ( for which you would need root anyway ) .
verizon claims that their phones are carrier iq-free .
on your phone 's home launcher , go to menu --> settings --> applications and look for anything that contains " carrier iq " , " iq " , or possibly " com . carrieriq . iqagent " if you are rooted , it appears that this app will check and see if it exists on your phone . the paid license key will also let you remove it from your phone . this app was made by trevor eckhart , the person who discovered this " vulnerability . " if you are not rooted , this app will attempt to detect carrier iq on your phone . and here is another app , by lookout , that will detect for carrier iq on your phone . also : if you are rooted and running a custom os , such as cyanogenmod , you should have no worries about carrier iq . carrier iq is bundled by the manufacturer/carrier and should not be included in a rom such as cyanogenmod as long as it is built from the aosp and is not a derivation of a manufactuer 's rom .
for those of you who have updated to 4.1.2 official release , it seems fairly likely that the release is causing the problems . if it is unreliable , you can always try rooting the phone if not already and installing a custom rom which is running on 4.1.2 rather than the official release which is clearly loaded with bugs . alternatively , you can always flash back to your previous version . someone reported that disabling samsung bloatwares cleared that issue , and also disabling wifi will decrease freezing frequency . look here , all are reporting same problem .
i have read a lot about this ; there are many pages devoted to it , and a suspected cause for everyone ; chrome , the ' sds ' fix , 4.1.2 , facebook , media scanners etc etc . bottom line is that no-one knows ; there is no one fix which works for everyone , and people are returning their phones to samsung and getting replacements with exactly the same problem . hopefully 4.2 will be out this month - let 's see if that fixes it . if not , i am guessing a lot of people 's next phone will not be a samsung .
my gs3 also started having the freezes . started about 2 weeks ago and varied between 3-4 times a day . in the beginning i thought this was due to a recently installed app and started uninstalling all my apps one by one . when this did not help , i backed up the data and did a data wipe/factory reset from the recovery startup ( vol up + home + power ) . this did not help either . i then googled and found out about the sds problem , but apparently , i was covered as i had the XELLC build . researching a bit more , i hit upon another solution that was suggested related to using the dummy file generator to fill up the internal sd card so that the problem which was guessed to be because of an i/o on a bad memory block would be fixed . so , here 's what i did : uninstalled all the apps ( did not help , problem re-occurred ) did a hard reset ( did not help , it froze again ) used the dummy file generator ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.nomunomu.dummyhl=en ) to fill up the remaining space on my internal sd . ( the phone froze during this process . i restarted and created the dummy files again , twice ) at this point , i did not have the freezing . i hard reset the phone again , just to be sure . next , while setting up the phone , i did not setup wifi or add the google account right away . i first completed the setup without adding any accounts , went to settings and turned off auto sync and then added the google account . ( something made me feel that was the problem . ) i also disabled " chat on " and " google chrome " that came bundled with the update . i do not know what i did above that helped , but the freezing problem is not there any more ( as of yet ) . hopefully , it does not return . p.s. : i was/am running official android and updates received ota . no root or mods .
have you tried using a different onscreen keyboard ? there are several on the market like swiftkeyx that use their own autocompletes , and they have other languages available .
i was having the same issue but in spanish and i just disabled sms division on the messages option menu and problem solved , no need to hack around dictionaries edit : go to " messages " > press " menu " key > press " adjustments " ( in spanish it says " ajustes" ) > uncheck " sms split " btw , this question is more suited for the android . stackoverflow . com site .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync -&gt; username@gmail.com , press the menu button , and click " sync now" ; it will prompt you to enter the credentials .
i found the solution ( on my samsung galaxy ace phone ) : i accessed gmail app on my phone , which prompted me to retype my password ( because i had previously changed it on a pc ) then , bang . . . market app started .
usually the phone should have detected the password change and a notification should appear in the notification bar to ask for a new password . are your phone connected to the internet ? if the phone does not detect the password change , try rebooting the phone . if the phone still are not asking for password , try removing your account and readding again , go to settings > account > remove account :
you can use an app like autostarts ( requires root ) to manage which apps can listen to which events . you just need to remove car home from the docking event .
the cacert application should work ; it does not work on older devices . you may also want to use the curated list the guardian project puts out : rationale here ; direct link here . requires 2.2 or newer .
i searched around a bit , and i think what you want are key mappings for your bluetooth keyboard . i found this on mobileread . it looks like what you want to do is possible , but it may require a bit of work . i am getting a bluetooth keyboard , so i may end up trying this myself . as always , remember to backup anything important in case you run into some problems . i hope this helps . : )
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
some custom rom 's have a feature which will disable navigation bar and status bar , one well-known is paranoidandroid with it is feature " expanded desktop " . apart from that i do not know about any other ways to hide the navigation bar . new cyanogenmod-versions will also contain this functionality : https://plus.google.com/u/0/117962666888533781522/posts/dyssezeq8sf
the bookmarks are kept in an sqlite database . there is no stock tool to modify them directly . i did , however , find an app that can rearrange the order of your local bookmarks : bookmark sort and backup an issue has been opened about this in allow user to arrange bookmarks in ics stock web browser .
i realize that this is too late to help the op , who apparently could not be bothered to follow up , but for future readers that might come across this in a search . . . samsung products are pretty picky about the chargers they will recognize , and there can be several problems using " known-good " chargers . most after-market chargers are designed for apple devices , and will not quick charge most android devices without a special cable or adapter . but even with this special charging adapter/cable , some chargers will not work for samsung even though they might work for , say , lg ( i have this scenario , so i know about it ) . also , most usb ports , and many chargers , cannot supply more than . 5 amps , which is not enough for many phones or tablets . so , the bottom line is to always keep the original charger and cable to test the device , and if you can , try to get a replacement before you need it , so you can compare it to the original to make sure it works . otherwise , if your original goes bad , and you get a replacement that does not work also , you will never know where the problem lies .
typical case where an app , in this case socialphonebook ( package com . sonyericsson . android . socialphonebook ) , has messed up ( or lost ) its configuration and seems unable to recover from this . without root you can only try to delete the apps data ( settings -> manage applications ) . but be careful , since this is the phonebook app on the xeperia , you will lose all your contact data . be sure to have a ( cloud-based ) backup .
if the download is still in process , click the notification , select the download and select the ' cancel ' button . if the download has finished , then reboot your device . you can clear un-sent message notifications by clicking the notification .
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
this is not an answer as such , more of a work-around . the other poster mentioned paid apps that can revoke permissions . i suggest to try using srt appguard , i have used it to install apps that are not supposed to be on a tablet on my nexus 7 and other wifi-only devices ( most notably whatsapp ) by revoking the device id permission .
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
sorry whats app+ is down . they infringes the rights of use of whatsapp .
uninstall whatsapp plus and delete whatsapp folder using file manager . install official whatsapp from play store and verify your number . after complition of verification , just chat with few and then uninstall whatsapp . now finally install whatsapp plus and this time it will verify your number . done .
i faced a similar problem on my lg android handset , but then i realized that i had not done my ' sms cleanup ' for the last 6 months . i deleted all old messages , then things started working fine ! it turned out to be a basic maintenance issue .
when this happens to me , i disable the data on the device and re-enable it and the message usually goes through . you can also just try switching to airplane mode and then turn off airplane mode .
this happens sometimes . i believe its a bug with the messaging app . i used to have this . i suggest force closing the application ( settings -> manage application -> messaging -> force stop ) once done , just reboot for safe measure . this should fix your problem . : )
it seems to be related to the local time on my phone , which i suspect was slow compared to the network . so , while the incoming messages where arriving listed as the " correct " time ( on the network ) , i was then replying " before " them as far as my local clock was concerned and thus when the phone sorted on time their positions were swapped . so , i have manually adjusted my clock forward a minute , and seem to have avoided the problem since . speaking to a friend knowledgeable in these things , o2 ( my provider ) apparently do not provide phones with network-updated time , i do not know if this is true or not , but it would explain how a difference could appear in the manner described .
did you install recover ( such as amon-ra or malez ) ? in that case you can just reboot in recovery using the free application from the market " quick boot " and do from the recovery a wipe all . if not it is time to find out which kind of recovery is best for you ( and your device ) and install it : ) ps if you add further details and/or questions i can answer more accurately
boot in a custom recovery ( cwm , twrp or anything similar ) and format /data , /cache , /system , /sdcard ( or /emmc ) , /external-sdcard ( or /sd-ext or anything like that ) now install with odin a stock rom and it is all back to like it was when you first got it
to completely format your device , you need to use odin and an odin-able rom ( preferably stock ) . note that the device can not be blank . you should always have firmware on it . download odin 1.85 from here and extract it . download stock firmware ( listed here ) , you probably want jpkf3 . put your phone into download mode ( you may have to attempt this a couple times ) : power off the phone hold voldown + ok : click the power button let go of voldown + ok when the android icon with " downloading . . . " underneath appears start odin connect your phone to usb and ensures it shows up in odin ( a yellow box with a com port will be shown ) . if it does not , disconnect and reconnect . if it still does not , reboot your phone and start over from ( 3 ) . click the pda button in odin and choose the firmware file you downloaded . click start and wait till " pass " appears in the message area . if it fails , start over from ( 3 ) . normally , to completely wipe the device , you would select " re-partition " in odin . however , this apparently can brick the galaxy s ii ! so do not do it . i guess it only works consistently with the original galaxy s .
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
if you are installing a custom rom that is not a " carrier leak " then you probably will no longer receive ota notifications/updates . in the custom roms they remove the ota settings that the carriers use . i do not know exactly what is changed/removed , but i can not even tell you the last time i have had an ota notification . but if you use tools like clockworkmod rom manager you can get notifications for updates to the rom you install if it is added to rom manager by the developers . this is how i get my update notifications for cyanogenmod .
on my encrypted nexus s i use a temporary tmpfs mount on /sdcard in cwm . it has enough ram to hold the new rom in memory during the update : download your rom to /tmp/update . zip and boot into recovery . then log in via ' adb shell': then do the usual update steps ' install zip from sdcard ' . edit : starting with ics/jelly bean there is the new adb sideload &lt;filename-of-update.zip&gt; method it works with cwm from version 6.0.1.5 onwards and you need the android sdk platform-tools v16 or better . if you are in cwm you can see a new entry install zip from sideload if it is supported . the old method still works : if sideload does not work , you can still use the tmpfs method . cwm expects /data/media as the location for the update . zip now , the mountpoint has however to be /data so you have to do this now : me@workstation$ adb shell ~ # mount -t tmpfs none /data ~ # mkdir /data/media ## Go on with 'adb push update.zip /data/media' and then like above  reason : starting with ics+ the proposed partition layout has changed . there should be no fat formatted sdcard partition any more but the external storage now resides within /data/ ( /data/media ) . to remain compatible , a fuse mount emulates the old fat properties ( access rights and such ) . you can see this when there is a fuse mount on /storage/sdcard0 , it looks similar to this : shell@android:/ $ mount | grep fuse [ . . . ] /dev/fuse /storage/sdcard0 fuse rw , nosuid , nodev , relatime , user_id=1023 , group_id=1023 , . . . 0 0 [ . . . ]
ce4 's answer did not work for me on my galaxy nexus gsm ( maguro ) using cwm 6.0.1.1 . i kept getting errors from cwm telling me it could not mount /sdcard even after i mounted a tmpfs there and used adb to push the update . zip there . after reading a thread at xda i found out that unlike cwm , twrp is capable of mounting an encrypted sdcard partition . so i downloaded twrp for the gnex and flashed it using fastboot . when i booted in to recovery it asked me for the password for the encrypted sdcard partition and i was able to flash the update normally . links : twrp xda thread
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
most samsung apps will not work on cyanogenmod because they are touchwiz-based . cyanogenmod is aosp-based . you would need to flash a stock rom , or any custom rom that is touchwiz-based .
restore via holo backup didnt worked at all . nothing happened on my phone no matter what kind of backup i tried to restore . restore via adb from commandoline worked . . . well not the full backup ! ! it stucked at an app called " tasks " . but backup only from app and system data worked fine ! so i just let google restore all my apps . apps and folders on the homescreen were restored . email ringtone too ( hangouts sms not ) . alarms were also restored . i just pulled and pushed my whole sdcard0 folder manually .
no they have jelly beans for ther nebula 6.9 and eon 6i but they are not palaning on making a rom to upgrade eon 5i . . and going for a custom rom that created for another brand /model is such a risk . and personally im think that jelly beans will not suit the eon5i bcs its lack of low internal memory however zigo technical crew is much friendly once i have soft bricked my 5i by system change . and though didnt had a rom bakup . and had go to service center they are very frindly and rooted by themself after resoftware . anyway if you need any help regarding rooting zigo come to my group and feel free to ask questions . im still learning about roms and methods . here is my group
i would suggest you should contact the manufacturer .
you can use a wii-mote if you have one as it runs off of bluetooth and can connect to your phone , all you have got to do is download an app from google play ( there is plenty of free ones ) and it utilises your phones bluetooth just make sure that the wii is not plugged in when the remote is turned on , and then providing that you are able to map out hard keys ( as opposed to touch screen buttons ) through the emulators settings , you can then use that as you would any normal game pad/controller
ah i managed to find out what the problem was . basically , these events were imported from an . ics file generated by a timetable builder website ( i am a university/college student , and the website builds your timetable for you if you key in the modules you take/plan to take ) . the classes that occur every alternate week are not saved as occurring every other week ; they are saved as occurring every week , with exceptions of the dates of the alternate weeks . i am not sure if google calendar officially supports this as i see no option to save a repeating event with exceptions manually , but after importing the . ics file , these events show up fine in the web browser in google calendar . the calendar app on android , however , does not recognise these exceptions , so they just show that the event occurs every week .
under Settings, Tethering &amp; portable hotspot enable the Bluetooth tethering checkbox . it may help that i have also just updated the bluetooth drivers on my pc , as i think but am not sure that i tried this earlier .
if you use windows , you should be able to right-click the bluetooth icon in your taskbar , and select the option to join an bluetooth network ( may be named different )
try using buttonremapper to assign a specific function or even to disable it . be warned , though that this does not work on all devices and you need a rooted phone to use it .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
from droid forums to bypass activation : reboot the phone , when the green android shows tap top left tap top right tap bottom right tap bottom left must be done every time you power on the phone
found another way to do this besides noah 's answer : simply touch the android , and select skip activation . ~ android central forums ( brought to you by google and chrome browser ) i have not tested this out yet , so let me know if it does not work so i can take this down and it is not a nuisance .
i do not think the actual internal storage is full on the sgs ii . it is probably the data or cache partitions that are full . you can go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the cache/data for the " high use " apps . i have a lot of apps installed but still have tons of " internal storage " space left , but i only have 11% ( 19.3m ) left in my /datadata partition . it was at about 2mb the other day , but i removed a lot of apps that i do not really ever use anymore . my /data partition , where the applications are installed , has a max size of 1.8gb , but my cache partition , where temporary data is stored , only has 80mb . the cache could fill up quickly if you use apps that cache a lot of data .
i was also facing the same issue and the below link helped : ) http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s-ii/272384-galaxy-s2-cannot-download-updates-new-apps.html this works ! !
i believe you can move apps to the " internal sd card " by going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , selecting individual apps , and choosing " move to sd " if it is supported . though honestly i keep all my apps off the sd , so i do not know whether it tries to move them to external or internal sd .
check the space used up by your text messages , which is stored in internal storage . whenever i receive the " memory full " notification , i delete all text message threads , and that always fixes the problem , especially if it is been months and i have received pictures , etc . i also use sms backup + to backup all of my text messages in my gmail before deleting all of my text messages .
there is no solution to this problem . on the sgs2 , the move to sd button actually moves the apps to the external sd ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) and not the interal usb ( /mnt/sdcard ) . this means that the application 's data is still on internal usb , but the application itself gets moved to external sd . the only solution to install large applications on the internal storage is to repartition the 16gb so that you have a much bigger phone partition and smaller internal usb partition ( they are both partitions of the same physical disk ) .
on my phone ( i simply do not know if this is a default android thing or an sgs thing ) i have a widget for power controls ( i believe it is called " activation " , but my phone is in hebrew so i do not know what it is really called ) . in froyo this gives you buttons for controlling : screen brightness gps wifi bluetooth background sync in gingerbread it gives some other control whose meaning i do not know . this allows you to enable or disable sync at the tap of a button on the home screen . this is the same as enabling or disabling background sync from Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync .
" push " is actually more efficient than pull . with " push " your phone does not need to connect to the mail server every once in a while . instead , the server sends a signal to the phone telling it whenever new mail is available . if you are using the gmail app for accessing your gmail account , you are already using push and no extra settings are necessary . for other services you will need to go to each app that access them ( e . g . facebook , twitter , etc . ) and go into options to find settings for " refresh interval . " most apps allow you to customize this setting , and allow for a " manual " option , thus disabling automatic refresh .
for most apps , you will need to go into each individual app and change their sync settings . for example for facebook , open the facebook app , press back to get off the news feed page and onto the screen with all the icons , then press menu , press settings and change the refresh interval .
as well as the other answers , you can change the frequency that some accounts sync by going to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync . for instance , when i click on my facebook account from there i can change the " social networking sync interval " to none , 3 hours , 6 hours , 12 hours , or once per day .
i do not think there is a way to do this on an android device , but in the desktop contact manager there is a way . log into gmail in your desktop , switch to the Contacts view . under More select " find and merge duplicates . . . " . this will present a list of all the " duplicates " that google found . handily , you can check/uncheck which ones you want it to merge now , and which to skip . this assumes that all of the contacts that got slurped into your phone from skype and facebook got pushed up to google .
as far as i know you have to do it manually , by going into the contact , pressing menu , and then join , and select the contact you want to join it with
i did this a few months ago by downloading a third-party contacts app , using its ( much smarter ) merge function , and then uninstalling the app . i can not remember for sure , but i think the app i used was either contacts by contapps or go contacts ex . there is also contact analyzer 2 , but there are some reports of it deleting all contacts instead of merging !
reposting answer for future people ! naturally , i figured it out 10 minutes after posting . can not answer for another few hours because i am a new user . under the security section of the settings , there is a device administrator page . i deactivated the " email " app as an admin . it warned that it would delete all my mail and stuff and i accepted . no factory reset required . thank you stack exchange for allowing me to express my question so i could figure it out myself : )
as you describe your samsung fascinate is running gingerbread , there is a rooting guide provided at theunlockr which you could try . it uses the odin tool to root the device , so you would need odin tool , samsung drivers , clockworkmod recovery , and superuser for this . install the samsung drivers first , then install clockworkmod ( which is where odin is needed ) . copy superuser to your sdcard , then boot into cwm ( turn off the device , simultaneously hold vol + + vol - + power ) . select install zip from sdcard , then choose zip from sdcard . chose the superuser file you have copied to your sdcard . let it flash , and reboot using the reboot system now menu entry . your device now should be rooted .
i had to add the following : %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_d001 and rev_0228 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_d001 if you go into device manager and open the properties for the nexus 7 entry , click the details tab and drop the property section down to hardware ids under value you will see the updated hardware values . take these values and add them to the nexus 7 section of the android_winusb . inf file . try re-running the driver install . it will complain that the driver is unsigned . just ignore . . . ; ) if you are using windows 8.1 , you are going to have to reboot in advanced mode with driver signatures disablled for this to work . see this post : http://www.howtogeek.com/167723/how-to-disable-driver-signature-verification-on-64-bit-windows-8.1-so-that-you-can-install-unsigned-drivers/
what fixed it for me was clicking on the " connected as a media device " up at the top left corner , de-selecting media device ( mtp ) and then checking camera ( ptp ) . this essentially made it show up as a different kind of usb device with different options and allowed the process to work perfectly .
try to delete the key upperfilters from HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Class\{EEC5AD98-8080-425F-922A-DABF3DE3F69A}  helped me after 4 hours of trying to connect my nexus 7 to win 7 64bit .
i finally found my problem . this might have been specific to my windows machine , but i am writing it down here in case someone else has the same problem . turns out i did not have a usb . inf file in my C:\Windows\inf directory . apparently some installers/uninstallers have been known to mess with that file . i found the tip in this thread while trying to figure out why my new mouse did not work . . . i copied the four files from C:\Windows\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\usb.inf_amd64_neutral_153b489118ee37b8 over to C:\Windows\inf and re-installed the drivers and the security dialog popped right up on the tablet .
i have exactly the same device as you , down to the android version and build number . i discovered that it was necessary to change my usb transfer mode . you can do this on the nexus 7 by going to settings > storage , clicking on the strange menu icon in the top right hand corner and selecting " usb computer connection " . i then changed the storage mode to " camera ( ptp ) " , and it immediately prompted me with the permission dialog as shown in your post above . i was then able to deploy apps , debug , etc and it all worked . unfortunately i am very new to android development so i am unable to say why this is the case . i am also unable to say why this worked on your mac . perhaps this is what must be done with this particular device on windows . anyway , i hope that you find this information useful .
got the same issue , and fixed it by updating the driver from the asus usb_driver_r06_windows.zip driver pack . the issue is that this driver does not report properly the supported devices ( at least mine were not listed ) my device is reported as a pid 4ee2 which is not part of the supported devices . i had to add the following lines in the android_winusb.inf file ( in the google nexus 7 section ) %CompositeAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4EE2 %CompositeAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4EE2&amp;MI_01  device now appears properly in the device list , and the google nexus 7 is part of the list of devices in adb . in addition , " tap " 7 times on the Settings|About Tablet|Build version to enable the usb debugging .
sure . just turn off audio notifications . that will not have any effect on the media volume . this will , of course , turn off the phone ringer , which you may not want .
worked for me : Setting &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google play services &gt; Uninstall update and clear cache
in the " downloads " screen of the market , long click on the app that is stuck installing and you will get the option to delete or cancel ( i can not remember which option you will see but it'll be obvious ) .
my is working when i close the app when the downloading app is at 100% or it didnt start at all i open the app again and its started installing and my app is installed . it isnt a very effective way but its something . : )
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
try to do the following : close the play store . go to settings select the apps option find the google play store , and select it select clear data then , try to download your app again .
i keep getting this , and it seems tied to my " application storage is low " message . i uninstalled several large , un-used apps , rebooted* , and the downloads downloaded . *maybe i did not reboot . check the download after uninstall and see if it is continuing . . . . since my file-browser says i am using less than 40% of available phone storage , this is a little irritating .
i find an app named bootunlocker which allow rooted device have bootloader locked/unlocked without swiping data .
from the gmail web interface , create a rule to give it a label of your choice and skip the inbox . then , from the gmail android app , change the settings for that label to not notify you . in more detail , the first part is : log into gmail in a browser , and click the settings button ( gear icon ) . click the filters tab , then create a new filter at the bottom . set the settings for the filter : in this case , use the from field . click the search button ( magnifying glass ) to check your filter , or go straight to create a filter with this search . put a tick in the skip the inbox ( archive it ) checkbox , and another in apply the label and choose the label you want or create a new one from the drop-down . click create filter . then , starting from the main screen ( folder view ) of the gmail app : click the overflow menu ( three dots in the top-right ) choose manage labels choose the label you just set in the filter make sure label notifications is turned off .
yes . any usb charger can be used for it . it is all standard 5v usb . the only thing you need to pay attention to is the current rating of the charger , especially with a tablet . if the charger can not supply enough current , the device will charge slower than it should , if it will even be able to charge at all with the device on . i am not sure about the 7" tablets , but the 10" tablets will charge at up to 2.5 amps , whereas a typical smartphone charger will only put out 1 amp or so , meaning it will take at least 2.5x as long to charge on the latter .
google play store says the pogo pins are 5v , digital audio and gnd . so i guess the middle pin is the digital audio and that the phone finds out it is connected to the dock because there is a 5v tension between 1st and 3rd pin .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
if you used full-disk encryption , then your data will be accessible until the device unmounted the encrypted disk ( e . g . by rebooting ) and discarded the decryption key . if you store your sensitive data in encrypted container , then your data will be accessible until the application closes the container and discarded the decryption key . if you do not use any encryption , then your data is naked in the wild . many thiefs are simply interested to sell the phone to make a quick buck and so will simply reformat the phone ; but if the thief has a specific intent to steal your data ( e . g . corporate espionage , identity thief , etc ) , then you can assume that they can read all your unencrypted data . if your phone uses sd card ( instead of internal memory ) , then getting to your data in the sd card is trivial . getting data in internal memory took a little bit more effort , but is still relatively easy . a turned off device with full-disk-encryption is -- for all practical purpose -- a useless brick for your adversary .
in general computing , physical access to a device means all bets are off when it comes to security of data . a determined and knowledgeable thief is likely to either crack the protection , or at the very least copy the contents off the device to try and subvert encryption . there are several security packages on the market that can make this job a lot more difficult for the potential thief . these apps can remotely lock the device , wipe its data , and even attempt to " dial home " if the thief was careless enough to let it go online . this will deter most , but the very savvy ones . your best bet to safeguard sensitive data is to never have it on the mobile device in the first place . banking apps that store your login credentials , entering credit card info into web forms on browser , etc . are all points of vulnerability . in terms of damage control after the phone/tablet is stolen , it is always a good idea to have a list of accounts for apps that are installed , so that you can change the passwords asap . email , social network apps , etc .
as the other answers already state : physical access to a device means all bets are off when it comes to security of data ( from chahk 's answer ) . as this is already made clear enough , i will focus on some counter-measures with my answer . one thing to make it harder was already mentioned in lie 's answer : encrypting the device will make it harder to access the data . but there are several more things . if you e.g. leave usb debugging on , you make it easier for the thief to access your device , so it is a good precaution to keep that turned off . already named in several answers are several anti-thief apps available on the playstore . there is e.g. cerberus anti-theft ( one week free trial , then ~eur 3 ) which gives you a lot of possibilities , remotely controlling your device to locate and track it , set off a loud alarm , record audio from the microphone , and even remotely wipe the phone ( to destroy all stored data ) . similar functionality is offered by android lost ( available for free -- also see the video on that app 's playstore page ) . both are even using a " stealth-mode " , so a thief can not easily find and uninstall them . a good thing about android lost is you even can remotely install and activate it if your phone already is lost -- as long it is still online and connected to your google account . summary so in short and summed up : yes , a thief can get access to your data -- but there are means of making this at least very hard , or even limit the time frame he has for his " bad deed " . several things to consider on this background : do not store sensitive data on your mobile device in the first place , if you can avoid it . what is not there cannot be taken . chose secure apps which are proven to encrypt sensitive data ( and not store it plain-text ) . see e.g. viaforensic 's appwatchdog ( viaforensics is a forensic company which also keeps an eye on mobile security . andrew hoog 's book android forensics and mobile security gives a good insight on this topic ) do not leave usb debugging always turned on in your device consider device encryption consider using an anti-theft app such as e.g. cerberus or android lost ( there are several more with good ratings ) which also uses a stealth mode and thus is not easily found and uninstalled . in conjunction with this : act fast and wise if your device is lost ( e . g . first try to locate it before doing a wipe : it might very well be you simply forgot it on the kitchen table ) also do not forget the " obvious stuff": do not leave your andy alone on the pub table while going to toilet , for example : ) it is harder to steal it from clothes you are wearing then when lying around or being stored in a jacket hanging on the warderobe .
since this has been open for a week , i decided to post my workaround and the other details i found as an answer . mods , please do not close other similar questions , because this is not an actual answer , just a hotfix that might help someone later . just wanted to update : 1 ) found a workaround using the vlc player ( still in beta ) to open the files . 2 ) after going back to google basics and figuring out a better way to ask , it looks like it might be an issue with variable bit rates ; unfortunately , when i downloaded an app to fix that , it came back telling me that based on the file tags , it thinks they are constant bit rate and not variable . i am way outside my area of focus on this one , but tl ; dr is that the file on the device is not corrupt , as i can get it to play with the vlc app .
firstly , data on your sd card will not be erased . then there is a chance , that your contacts are already backed up on google 's servers , so you do not loose them either . i do not know if the app will help . harddrives do not delete anything , they just stop indexing the files and then rewrite the sector with new files , but ( i am not 100% sure ) i do not think you can do the same with sd memory .
androidlost is my personal favorite . i do not know if it can turn the device on , but i know it works for everything else . my favorite feature is the pop-up message you can send that takes a picture with the front facing camera when they click ok . if you do not have access to your phone , install it via the market link and login on their site !
google latitude tracks your location — that would work until they wipe your phone , of course .
i could not find any anti-theft app that can be activated in any way besides sending a text message . what you can do , however , is installing one of these apps and immediately activating it before losing your phone . having gps continously activated may drain your battery more than you had like to , though . of course , your phone can neither phone home nor be remote controlled unless it has some sort of internet connection . but wifi should still work without a sim card . the most popular apps for this sort of thing seem to be prey and where 's my droid . the latter requires the paid pro version if you need remote wipe .
assuming the phone has not been wiped , and is logged into your account , and has some form of network access , android device manager can locate , wipe and lock your phone . with newer versions you need to enable location access . i tested location and ringing on a phone with wifi , but no functional sim card ( i have an old cancelled one inside to keep it from complaining ) . without any way to communicate with a phone its tricky . prey is pretty nice , has a proven track record ( and a pretty impressive recoveries page ) and can be activated over text . it will also activate itself on a sim card change or removal , and try to call back so it may be useful since the phone will have to be turned on eventually to get any use of it . nothing can track a switched off phone , short of magic .
you could try android device manager , but your phones 3g must be online or it must be connected to wifi
cerberus can be activated by both it is web service and via text message . if you are rooted , it can be integrated into the system apps and so survive a complete wipe . fyi , no app will let you track your phone while it is turned off : ) it can also turn on the gps remotely , has real time tracking using google maps ( looks like google navigation in a web browser ) , take pics/record sound and video , sound an alarm , hide itself from the app drawer so thieves will not know it is there , remotely lock the phone with a code , wipe the system , display messages , download the last 10 texts and phone calls , and lots more . cerberus is $5 , and worth every penny . it can be downloaded from google play , but the download section on the official site has cerberus apks that can be flashed and integrated directly into the rom .
there are several apps specialized on this topic . the probably best known is appmonster , which i use ( in the pro version ) for years now , very reliable ( and very active dev ) . for alternatives and more details , please take a look at : are apk files saved on my device when i install from the play store ? izzyondroid app lists : backups : backup apps
try go backup and restore app from playstore https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jiubang.go.backup.exhl=en
a very easy way is es file explorer from google play store . you can browse to your /system/app folder ( for system apps ) /data/app folder ( for user apps ; requires root to be accessed ) and copy them to your /sdcard ( or anywhere else ) . copying multiple files with es file explorer is very easy . just long hold one of the files , then put check marks on all the files you want to copy . then browse to the folder ( on your sdcard ) where you want to place them . connecting to your computer via your usb cable will allow you to backup your sdcard content to your computer . update ( accessing the protected data/apps area ) : i notice the /data/ directory is not readable . you can pull any of the content if you know it by name . i will describe a command-line ( cli ) solution to get the names and the files . however , the backup tools suggested by izzy are the easiest way to go . this is a step by step method to get the list of packages and pull the packages using the commandline : download and install the android sdk package ( or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for a solution requiring much less space , if you are not intending to develop android apps ) . while you will have access to just about everything in the world ( android ) , do not be too overwhimed . . . just focus on an immediate objective , and all the other features can be for a different day . add a path to these two directories of the package install ( [installedpath]/tools and [installedpath]/platform-tools for a full sdk installation ) . now , with the android plugged in via the usb , run this to get the full list of installed apps : $ adb shell 'pm list packages' you now have a list the names of all your install apps . use the -f parameter to get the full pathname of a desired package by specifying a search string found in the previous list : $ adb shell 'pm list packages -f reader' now pull the full pathname of the package you want to get with : ## adb pull [filepathname] [destination path] ## $ adb pull /data/app/com.ebooks.ebookreader-2.apk ~/mybackupdir  the steps might appear to be complicated , but they are easier done than said . once you perform it a few times , you will find it very easy to pull any app from your device . you can also write a script to do this as your own personal backup utility . while there are gui alternatives as mentioned in the alternate answer , i strongly recommend looking at the features of the adb commands which includes full backups . . . the option for users to select precisely what they want backed up and where . installing the full android sdk will give fuller access to components of your android device ( from the commandline ) . look at the commands : $ adb -help  look at the backup section ( of the help screen ) : you can use the android backup extractor to explore the compressed backup file created by the adb utility . restoring the backup to the android is a simple "-restore " command : $ adb restore &lt;file&gt;  the android backup extractor provides a way to explore the backup and pick out individual files ( such as the apk 's as in the op 's objective ) to store or preserve . the explorer package includes a variety of multi-platform tools , such as java , perl , and cygwin . you can extract the backup with ( using the java extract opton ) : ## this line converts the android backup into a tar file ## $ java -jar abe.jar unpack backup.ab backup.tar  out side of my initial cli answer , the most precise gui app to accomplish the op 's specific question is airdroid . it is free , extremely user friendly and intuitive to use . to use , run the app . it gives a local ip address for typing into a web browser . the link will give you a ui that resembles and android home screen . click on the " apps " icon and select one or more apps to download . you can install or reinstall the apps using the same interface . there are several other gui alternatives ( graphical user interfaces ) available , e.g. qtadb ( multi-platform ) or , for windows users , also the excellent droid explorer by our member ryan conrad ( see e.g. full backup of non-rooted devices ; for more , also see our adb tag-wiki ) .
i have got ' avg antivirus ' installed . i just backup files from it and they get stored as apks .
then back up your app data after that go to settings-> application-> -> clear data ( clear the app data ) . after that you can able to get the apk for the selected application with the use of apk share/send application .
yeah , you can use apk share/send pro application to get the backup of application as a apk file
i am guessing that you are running sony 's timescape interface . ( as you not mentioned anything explicitly ) so here are steps : to back up contacts using a memory card : from the home screen , tap the application screens icon . find and tap contacts . press the menu key , then tap back up contacts > memory card > ok . tested on xperia neo , xperia neo v , xperia ray running 2.3.4 gingerbread to 4.0.4 ics with sony 's timescape ui . should work on tipo as well . here 's a page from sony 's site for further help .
adb shell 'echo ${SECONDARY_STORAGE%%:*}'
on most devices , the sdcard is either mounted or at least linked to either /mnt/sdcard or /sdcard . however , when the device features both , an internal and external sdcard , the latter usually is to be found " inside " the former , e.g. at /sdcard/external_sd . alternatively , it may be mounted at /mnt/extSdCard or /storage/extSdCard . note the capitals . android filenames are case-sensitive . for a user , the easiest way to figure out where it is ( or in your case , rather where your ''file'' is located ) , is using a file manager which allows you to not only browse your sdcard , but the entire system . i for example use es file explorer : if i start the app , it automatically places me on my sdcard ( i did not configure it such , so i assume that is as it always works ) . the path is displayed at the top of the display , so you had see it immediately . if it is too long to be displayed there ( even if you switch to landscape ) , you still can " navigate up " until you only see / there , and note all steps – so you would end up with the complete path .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
this appears to be a little over " usb reverse-tether " requirements :- ) you actually want to share your wired internet backwards over the wifi of your android phone . the reverse-tether , imo , ends at the point of being able to use your wired internet over usb from your android phone . now , pushing that over the phone 's wifi to other wifi devices sounds like one step more . i am not sure i have hard this done yet -- but , i will certainly be happy to see this work . the htc feature of internet pass-through for usb would do the reverse-tether . now , the next step is to make the phone ' bridge ' that to its wifi and allow others to connect through it . another support in some devices is when you can make your phone a ' hot-spot ' to share its 3g/gprs access over the wifi . so , in theory , there has to be a way to reverse-tether the phone and then share that access over wifi . . . but , i do not know how yet . hope , this answer helps others to focus on detail of this requirement . as an alternative , you could use a usb wifi dongle on the pc . however , i understand your interest in getting a solution that will work with an android phone rather than carry a usb device for the purpose .
there are some ways to pin down your problem . the easiest way should be reading out the last_kmsg which is normally stored under /proc/last_kmsg . the kernel logs everything in there and it can be read until the next reboot . so reading last_kmsg always shows things that happened before the device rebooted the last time . another way would be using " adb logcat " or - more comfortable - the app catlog which can record your logcat into a . txt file on the sd-card . be advised that logcat is not the same as a kernel message but it also includes messages from user space apps and ui stuff . if i am allowed to make a wild guess , i would say that it is the rom 's fault ( e . g . undervolting or something else going wrong ) . best regards !
it is possible you are confusing " lock screen " with " screen timeout " . lock screen will provide security to enter the phone . the display timeout will turn off the display to conserve battery . this seems to be the one to which you have chosen 30 minutes . on my phone this is the longest natural timeout for the display , though you can possibly exceed it ( i have ) with an automation tool like llama or tasker ( maybe ) . to disable the lock screen , see settings > security > screen lock , or possibly even the shorter path : settings > screen lock . select " none " to eliminate the need for a pin . you may have to provide the pin one more time to accept as a credential .
if you are rooted you can try this . in cwm recovery , advance -> wipe battery stats . reboot and drain the battery fully recharge the battery 100 % without any interruption or you can use this app which does the same steps .
appears that android still lacks some skills regarding bluetooth headset to voice input capabilities . i could not make it work either . but there is an app for everything , and this is no different ; ) skyvi ( siri for android ) available from google play store : key features : voice texting fast find and call places get directions call contacts play music local weather and time fun chats , witty remarks , tells jokes access facebook with voice access twitter with voice text by voice &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &lt ; - what you seek tweet or update facebook with voice ask questions with voice car mode
install the permissions app , and look the the apps under take pictures and videos .
xprivacy seems to be the tool of choice for these issues , although a bit tough to get through all the settings . could not find the spying app yet , but will keep this post updated .
" sim contacts " by " needom studio " is a free app on the android market that shows contacts from sim on the incoming call screen . you have to enable the " incoming calls to remind " option for this . i did not find an app that shows them in the sms or call log . i would really like that . even better would be just an option in a normal contacts manager to include contacts on the sim without having to copy them to the phone . i like to keep my contacts on the sim only so i can just put my sim in my old phone ( with longer battery life ) and it shows all the contacts .
for those of us who are frustrated in trying to alter the file system to mtp and cannot find how to change it . do not despair . if you have opened samsung keis and connected phone with a usb cable and got the error message , go to your phone and swipe top to bottom on the notifications list you will see the usb symbol on the left hand side and the line stating - connected as camera . if it says - connected media device - then your connected properly . to change from connected as camera , tap/select the line - connected as camera and you will be shown another screen with the camera option selected - just select media device mtp and you will be able to connect to samsung keis , and all will be calm and peacful , no more screaming at the pc or mobile phone .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
well you can try managing battery life with juicedefender , which does a great job at disconnecting data connections when not needed and turning it back on when needed . i can personally attest to this fact although i use gingerbread on my xperia neo v . give it a shot and see
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
try to re-install the kies on your pc . and try it once again because i had the same problem and i got it back by this way .
do you have a samsung apps icon on your phone ? have you tried using that one ? it is been a little while since i have used kies , but it is used for all of samsung 's phones , not just the android ones . the samsung apps icon in kies only used to list bada compatible apps , not android ones , you needed to use the samsung apps icon on your phone to get the android ones . edit : just realised that this question has come up before , for the galaxy s : why do samsung apps not support the galaxy s ? though that question is from a year ago , so things may have changed since then
battery app re-calculates the remaining battery based on the battery power currently being used ( mv ) and history . that is why you can do calibration to correctly measure the current battery status and range of it . in most case , battery power ( mv ) , it goes down from the top and it usually up and down within a small range but for overall , it goes down . but sometimes , the current mv is goes up and it is caused by 1 . battery usage forecast was wrong or 2 . battery is recovering its power again - for example , after cpu intensive task , the voltage could goes up 3 . the remaining percentage goes up if the battery usage is slower than the expectation ( it is not going up because it is not being used . even the screen is off , the battery is still being used ) . in this case battery app recalculate the percentage based on the current mv and trend that how fast battery mv is decreasing . if mv is increasing , then battery app will show like it is being charged . . . but actually its not being charged , instead battery app recalculates the mv decreasing speed .
maybe it is not the whole answer but two things seem to have made a big difference : one , my captivate was recently upgraded to froyo officially . the new youtube app seems to perform remarkably better . two , and this is the really interesting bit , i switched from wpa on 802.11g to wpa2 on 802.11n , and my wifi speeds went from ~200-300k to 4-5m . not sure exactly why but it is definitely something to consider if you see performance problems in an app that relies on the network . . .
some videos just can not be played on your phone because the bitrate ( or needed processing power ) is too high for your device . this might even happen in the middle of a perfectly working video , because it is using a variable bitrate ( which just rose above what is possible ) . that is why youtube can get slow as well for a short time . it only gives up when the processor is at near 100% and it starts missing a lot of frames . that is actually good design . apart from that , i think there might be some bugs in youtube yet ( but alas it is not an open sourced app ) .
no , the data should not pass through google servers unless you are viewing a site hosted by goolge .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
the pin layout between the working and not working head phones might be different and hence this behaviour . though it appears to be simple there is no one standard to which all these manufactures seems to stick with . for instance my lg p500 's stock ear phones exhibit this issue with sony ericsson sk17i , while sony 's head set played well in my lg p500 . the same problem exhibits when i use my lgp500 head phones in my desktop computer . while doing so , i just pull out the head phone slightly out to solve this issue .
i have nokia earphones which i got with my musicxpress , and they behave the same way . the audio in the human-voice range gets really really garbled . over time , i learned how to use it relatively well : if your earphones have a button ( generally for answering calls , etc ) , when that is pressed the sound comes fine , but when not pressed , sound is garbled . i use a clip to hold the button pressed mostly ; ) if on a computer , you can adjust the balance of your sound output to either 100% left or 100% right . then the sound comes alright , although sound from one channel is lost , but the vocals come perfect . downmix to mono . not supported in windows 7 and linux by default , but there are plugins which can do it ( like dfx ) .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
i will put this here so you can mark your question as answered . some phones ' stock roms automatically replace custom recoveries with the stock ones on boot , so when you rebooted to put the zip on your phone , twrp was wiped away . so , simple , reinstall it . as for a good roms , i use paranoidandroid on my galaxy nexus and i love it .
there is no such option at this moment . we can use " profiles active " variable ( %PACTIVE ) .
it is up to the app ( developer ) to set when the notification is dismissed ( automatically when you touch it , or at some other time ) , so it sounds like the difference here is not between the two android versions , but between the calendar app you were using on your old phone , and the one on your new phone . because it is up to the app , it means you just need to find a calendar app where the event notifications behave the way you want ( or where there is an option to control it ) .
ok , so i had a look at this thread and , as it suggests , i took the microsd out and put it back in again . now it works as before . smells like a bug to me ?
i have too a htc wildfire . for the live wallpaper , you can not use the htc sense launcher . you must use another launcher like adw or launcherpro . when you use another launcher , a new option " live wallpaper " will appear .
you could flash an incorrect baseband into the phone . it will knock out the phone radio part completely until a correct baseband is flashed . at least this is true on my verizon droid ( sholes ) .
why do not you simply remove the sim module from that phone ? android can work well without sim . the only thing that you miss is the ability to protect the market ( or any other apps ) with a password . one of the following apps could help you achieve the desired result : protector smart app protector
re : 1,2,3 removing sim card is the safest option , but you could try enabling modified airplane mode in the system settings : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/provider/settings.system.html in adb shell you could try : re . 4 have you tried apps like https://market.android.com/details?id=com.vlobe.smartappcloud.android.parentalcontrol you could also remove the market app completely and only install apks via adb .
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
as far as android sdk documentation goes : hence theoretically speaking , if the app developer had used appropriate methods this app should work normally . in that sense , i do not think you have any better way other than reporting this to the app developer . rooting your nexus 7 does not going to solve this issue - in my opinion . update : i sent an email to the support team of the app developer quoting this question . i received a reply as : Thank you for your information. We have filed the issue with engineering team. We'll try our best to fix them ASAP.  which in my opinion supports my assumption .
i think you are asking about an application which supports this function . there are so many apps in play store . my favourite is shareit developed by lenovo . you can tap on similar button in store to see related apps .
this may depend on the tablet , but as far as i know anything with honeycomb and an hdmi output will simply mirror the screen when plugged in . my motorola xoom , for example , will mirror everything on the screen to a tv when my hdmi cable is plugged in . i can use it for app demos and the like at work just fine , so what you are looking for is ( from a purely technical standpoint ) possible . saying that it will work on every device would a very broad and presumably incorrect generalization on my part , though , so i would assume that i cannot accurately apply this rule to every device out there . you will probably want to look at the specs for specific devices before you purchase one , and ask a retailer ( or a manufacturer , if necessary ) about it is video output capabilities . on top of that , there are also some devices like the galaxy tab 7 which support composite output via a special connector cable . this also mirrors the screen , as i recall , but i do not know of any other devices that support composite hookups offhand .
after updating to a 2.3.4-based rom that is not 2.3.3 , this issue seems to be solved . see more details in the answer to this question .
you will have to understand , that bluetooth is based on a master-slave structure , and so are it is drivers and protocol stack . most of operations you have specified use existing bluetooth protocols and profiles : hands free => hfp music streaming => a2dp music control => avrcp tethering => bnep making calls = tcp contact viewing => pba the problem is , the tablet can act as a master for these protocols , but is missing the stack and drivers for slave functionality . you can , for example , connect the tablet ( master ) to a headset ( slave ) over hfp , but you can not use the tablet as a headset . until someone develops a more complete bluetooth stack for android , which includes both master and slave profiles , you can not do this over bluetooth .
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
open the case and look at the battery . it should say 1500 mah .
without special measuring equipment and some kind of a reference - no you can not ( not in mah ) . there is no app that would provide you with that kind of information , at least not accurate enough .
there is an app in the market that claims to do this for htc phones ( search " battery mah " to find it ) so i believe its theoretically possible . i would guess that instead of actually measuring the enery stored , its making estimates based on the phones specs and actual use . i do not know how accurate it is and i am pretty sure it would not be accurate on your phone . one problem is that even an estimated battery capacity in mah is very hardware dependent so you had need an app specifically for your device and there is not one at the moment .
android has different ways for apps to give you information or get your attention , and they all have different names . app developers need to know the differences , and when to use each one , so they can code the correct behaviour in their apps . even as an end user , if you want to troubleshoot a problem , find which app is giving you messages , or describe some behaviour ( for example , when reporting a bug to a developer ) , it saves you time and confusion if you can call each thing by its correct name . notifications notifications are the most common feedback mechanism on android . they look like icons in the top-left of the screen ( the notification bar ) . on honeycomb and ics tablets , they instead show up in the system bar , in the bottom-right next to the clock . in jellybean and above , once you have expanded the notification drawer ( like in the screenshot ) , you can long-tap a notification to get a menu with one item , app info . clicking this item tells you which app is responsible for the notification . you can also stop this app showing any further notifications from that screen . some apps create notifications to advertise things at you . this is now ( since september 2013 ) banned under google play 's rules , so you should report as malicious any apps that do this , from the app 's page in the play store app . often your phone will play a sound or will vibrate with a notification , but not always : it is up to the app which created it . toasts a toast is a small message that shows up in its own box near the bottom of the screen , and disappears on its own after a few seconds . it is usually a response to an action you have just performed , but in fact a toast can come from any app , not just the one in the foreground . a toast can not interact with you ( you can not click on it or type into it ) , so there is no need to worry about it " stealing focus " like on a pc . there is no indication of which app created the toast . dialogs a window that appears , with buttons you can click or a list of options to choose from , is called a dialog box , or dialog for short . ( it is spelt the american way even in british english . ) they almost always relate to the foreground app . strictly speaking , from a developer 's point of view a " dialog " is any non-fullscreen activity window , but they are usually used for simple confirmations or choices , like in the screenshot . interstitials in the marketing world , an interstitial is a page or screen that comes in between two others . they are commonly used to show large-format ads in ad-supported apps and games : you click a button in the app , and an interstitial shows for a few seconds before you get to the next screen . summary next time you want to discuss or troubleshoot some kind of message that pops up on the screen , you will know what to call it , and you can make it easier for others to help you .
this is normal if you are using a cdma carrier , such as verizon or sprint . gsm carriers like at and t and t-mobile can allow simultaneous voice and data , but cdma cannot . this is supposed to change with lte devices , although last a checked it was not working with all of them on verizon . if you have a cdma 3g only device it will not work . i am not positive but i think even with an lte device on verizon that supports simultaneous voice and data it still will not work if you are out of lte coverage area . i used to work for verizon until a few months ago and this seemed to be the case .
it is for installing vpn and ssl client authentication certificates that you use to access vpns or web servers that use certificates as logon credentials . it is fairly rare to need to use credential storage for the majority of droid users . if you do not possess any digital certificates that identify you , it has no value to you . ( found in some forum )
i am not sure about doing this on a mac , but if you have a windows pc , preferably a windows 7 , try the following:- connect your phone via usb to the pc with the sd card . turn on file sharing . go to my computer , find your sd card " drive " , right click > properties . go to tools tab , under " error checking " , click on " check now " . any sd card related file system errors should get automatically fixed .
you need to get kies . download it , install it and let it do its job . it will install all the drivers that you need to connect your samsung gs3 to windows .
i had the same problem but on windows 7: phone was charging ok but not recognized as external device . i suspect an update of android version is the reason . i found this solution on the internet and it worked in my case : power off your phone power on the phone in download mode ( volume down + home + power ) press volume up to continue in download mode -> you should see an android bot and some informations about your os ( rooted or standard , . . . ) plug your phone into your computer using your usb cable windows should now discover it and load the driver ( from windows update ) power off your phone power on the phone ( classically this time )
simply put , no . web pages are complex to the point where it is effectively impossible to determine what bits are necessary for the page to be usable , readable , maintain the right order , etc . for an arbitrary page . when you couple this with poorly-coded websites containing errors and the like it becomes quite a mess . this is why the two things you mention are not perfect .
if you use google reader to read the webpages on your mobile , you can use its " settings " to have outgoing links to reformat linked web pages for mobile browsers . it works quite well for most webpages .
the stack exchange sites provide a " mobile " link in the footer that will give you the mobile layout . it should work regardless of your browser 's settings or which browser you happen to be using , so in that sense it is actually a very portable solution .
i have the same problem when sending encrypted mails from my apple mail client with gpgmail2 plug-in . apparently k9-mail supports only pgp/inline and not pgp/mime which seems to be the standard formatting pgp-emails today . if you like to test it on your own , configure gpgmail to use inline mode through your terminal : defaults write org.gpgtools.gpgmail UseOpenPGPInlineToSend -bool YES  reference . there is an open feature request to address this issue . hopefully , the k9 developers will fix this soon . so , consider starring this issue .
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
this is really a continuation of @zuul 's answer , to cover the dns settings in android 4.0+ ( ics ) , which is a little harder to find imo . afaik zuul 's answer covers android &lt ; 2.3 settings . from the android side ( android 4.0+ ics ) settings wifi ( click on word " wifi " , not on/off switch ) press and hold ( long tap ) your wireless network until dialog pops up select " modify network " check " show advanced options " checkbox at the bottom switch " ip settings " to " static " fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details tap " save " ( whoever made long-taps a standard interface feature is a dummy ! )
well okay instead of using recovery , i just followed the command line instructions in the rom zip file which goes as and the new system was installed suprisingly .
open your browser and log-in to https://play.google.com/ using your google account . then , open this link on your browser : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms it might ask you to open the link in google play . do not do it . choose to open the browser instead . you should see an install button in the page . click it , and the app will be pushed to your phone . let me know if it works .
if installing it directly from the play store does not work for you you can try downloading the file from other websites that host it and then transferring it to your phone using a usb cable . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/apk-compendium-google-play-services-4-4-52-for-all-densities-and-the-rest-of-this-weeks-updates/ here 's a link to the latest version .
is contact syncing enabled in settings/ ( accounts ) /corporate/ ( your exchange account ) ? view one of the contacts and go to menu/edit . at the very top , does it show that it is attached to the exchange account or the google account ? if it is the google account , you need to make sure to select the exchange account when adding the contacts . if it does show the exchange account and syncing is enabled , edit your comment to reflect this for further support .
should be an hardware issue . in my case was the oxidation of the motherboard cause by the sweat cuase i kept the phone on my arms while i was running .
thanks everyone for your feedback . in my case , there seemed to be no coming back from the dead . tried the rice , tried a new battery , tried a hard reset . nothing fixed it . ended up getting a new phone .
ota updates come also with carrier modifications . so no , you will not
i had the same problem but with another device ( htc touch diamond2 ) . you need to edit network settings . write by yourself ip-adress , subnet mask , router of current wi-fi . i think to find out this information for you will not be difficult .
there is absolutely no magic here caused by a mysterious " dalvik speed patch " . the author said that in the comments himself by stating : Lol... I just mention dalvik speed patch, actually it's a kanged lib file...  so it is just a wording issue that you took as a rumour . the higher antutu benchmark scores are very propably caused by overcklocking using the franco kernel only . regarding your second thought about the fb hack : the fb hack has has nothing to do with this question . by the way , it is super ugly and something facebook should be ashamed of : http://jaxenter.com/facebook-s-completely-insane-dalvik-hack-46376.html
i am not sure where you got those figures from , they seem a bit too good to be true . 370 hours is next to impossible for li-ion batteries ( when they are attached to smart phones ) . 370 hours is more than 15 days . as of 2013 there is no android powered smart phone that can last in standby for more than 15 days . it does not cost a ton of battery to be connected to a cell tower , but over hours and hours of being connected , it adds up to be a lot . plus add in a ton of background processes to the mix and you have yourself a battery eating machine . and your figure is not really practical anyway because i could not think of anyone who could let there phone sit on standby for 15 days without using it . i know 2 people who have the s4 and both of them said that they can not get more than 2 days out of their charge with practical use . so to answer your question , there is not a big difference between the two , but the s4 does come with some nice software to help you make the most out of your battery with practical use : if i had an s4 i would definitely check this out because if you want to get the most out of your battery , this " smart screen " is a great start . from wonder how to i think that this is the article you were referencing . this artical states that the " average " battery life is 57 hours : now 57 hours is a more manageable number . i was interested in how the s3 did in the same test . here are the results : now all of that said , the difference between the two is only 14 hours . 14 hours is a great improvement for samsung 's next s generation phone . do not always believe things you see on the net = )
you are comparing usage time with stand-by time and talk time witch is incorrect . first of all you will never get a clear answer when comparing battery consumptions , not even when you compare 2 identical phones , because for you may by talking is a priority and for another browsing the internet , and when you would compare battery life with him there will be a very big difrence . now talking about general battery consumtion , for the this example assume that exactly the same operations are done at a point of a millisecond . now what you have failed to mention , and it is one of the most important thing , is the screen size . you will find that the screen size is one of the biggest power eater that you have on a phone , the bigger it is the more it will eat . to answer your question ( partially answer it ) may by the phone with the 2600mah has a smaller screen then the one with 2000mah and it is normal to see such a big increase in battery life . then there is the software . witch even tough they are all android device the way that they handle things when you close the screen is different from manufacturer to another . and again that can be a diference to , a very big actually . one more thing , you are comparing usage time with stand-by and talk time . witch both require the screen to be off , while usage time requires the phone to be on and allways use it like send a email , open a photo , then send a tweed , etc , that is usage time . now keeping that in mind we cannot make a decision for you if it is a big difrence or not , you will have to take a decision by your self , but one thing is for sure , do not compare usage time with stand by time .
check out forwarded call alert free root . it also has a paid version , and an xda thread . there may also be other apps that can do this that i may not be aware of .
as liam already pointed out , there is no danger involved for the developer . if one wants to grab the .apk for distribution , that is easily possible using apps like appmonster , which can back up the .apk file to sd card . no extra protection from google 's side -- except users might feel more safe installing it from a " trusted source " ( and they are right about that at least when it comes to unknown/new devs , as the google bouncer adds a protection layer against malware , see android and security ) . in fact many developers hold their apps .apk files available on their project site for good reasons . one you already mentioned in your question : playstore might have ( temporary ) problems . moreover , not all devices are able to access the playstore ( and thus could not use your app if it would be available only there ) . another good reason would be to provide " beta versions " this way , so as a dev you can get early feedback without running the risk of negative feedback on the playstore . to sum up : at least for free apps , i would even recommend to keep a direct download link to the .apk available , if possible .
there is nothing dangerous about it , and this is done occasionally when the store is not accessible . in response to your second question , apks are not unique - and can be easily transferred to another device , or the internet . this is the base of android app piracy . when you upload the apk to google play , gplay does nothing to it . it is up to the developer to obfuscate the code , to prevent decompilation .
things that i tried that did not fix this problem : restarting the phone removing and reinserting the sim card uninstalling the skype app calling at and t support ( 611 ) and asking for them to reset the network registration of my phone restarting my phone in safe mode booting my phone into system recovery mode and wiping the cache partition solution : at and t indicated that it was a problem with the network registration , given every piece of my phone 's communication worked except for receiving sms . this turned out to be true . the solution was to put the sim card in another phone , which overrode the network registration for my number . after about a minute , the second phone received all of the texts that the first had not been able to get , and then i could move the sim card back into my regular phone and receive texts as normal .
titanium backup itself offers the corresponding widgets : long-press on a free space on your homescreen select to add a widget select titanium backup select action select one of deactivate app activate and execute app toggle ( de ) activate app select the app tap the " create widget " button
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
check this out . it is a step-by-step guide on how to load a rom with fastboot . maybe it helps . also , additional info can be found on xda forums .
i had the same problem in my motorola moto g . try going to configuration -> apps , then touch the menu button at the right top and select " reset apps configuration " . this solved my problem . i hope this help ! .
this can be dependant on the app itself being compatible with your version of android , or the phone itself . without more information , this is a hard question to answer . i have heard that whatsapp doesnt like android 4.4 ( kitkat ) just yet , or it could be a simple problem with the app that the developer has not fixed yet . if all else fails , give it time for the devs to fix the app , make sure settings on your phone allow it the app to work right , or just try reinstalling the app and restarting your phone .
after some tests . . i realized that a temporary solution could be remove the google play music application updates .
you need to install a third party music player that will allow to send audio files through whatsapp . one such application is android music player by jrt studio .
you mean like a windows restore point that is created automatically ? android does not have this feature . what is normally done for android devices is to create a manual backup that can be done using nandroid or a third-party application like titanium backup . then , you restore those back-ups .
use voice and say ' wake me at 7am ' and it should set a one time no repeat alarm for the next instance of 7am .
stock clock app does not have date reference like today or tomorrow . you can however set alarm for the particular day like sunday or monday by clicking the particular days .
the easiest way availaboe to you is using a third party app . i found my backup pro ( there is a free version as well ) which seemed promising . you can also search he market for settings backup . i use an system app provided by the manufacturer which is called backup and restore . i will give them if the mentioned solution does not work for you . the reason im asking you to go with the first app is that the manufacturer 's system app is highly unlikely to work properly ina device other than the one is originally made for .
yes . from the widget , select the contact name ( not image ) . this brings you to the contact info . select the chain link in the upper right hand corner ( it should say linked in your specific example ) . finally , select the image in the upper left corner . you can select the image source from there . i tested it on the htc incredible . edit : i was originally referring to the favorites widget but basically , the favorites widget is just an example of the people widget which can be the any-group-at-all widget . ( i apologize if this is obvious , caffeine has not fully sunk in yet . )
i resolved this on the mac by turning wifi off and then back on . on the win7 pc , running the network troubleshooter ( which i believe turned the adapter off and on ) also solved the problem . i believe it may be related to some state left over from a previous connection in both cases . off-topic : with a 4g ( lte ) signal , internet access was comparable ( maybe better ) to my 6mb dsl access at home .
first long click on the image you want , select options came and again long click on the image then drag and drop the image to any album you want .
sounds like the sdcard is corrupted so other than trying to use a data recovery tool via usb from your pc to your phone to recover it it looks like you will have to either 1 ) format the sdcard storage via the settings or 2 ) do a factory reset both resulting in losing all the data on the sdcard , sorry :' (
this does not directly answer your question , but you could use an ftp app instead , an app which runs an ftp server on your phone that you then connect to over your local network using a client such as filezilla on your desktop machine ? ( this is how i transfer files to and from my own android device , the usb is just too slow and unreliable )
download flash from here : http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html . the stock browser is best but if you can not use that firefox is 2nd when it comes to
the following browsers does not support flash : chrome ( as mentioned by eldarerathis ) dolphin ( because it crashes the browser ) i think uc browser no longer supports flash video as well .
system apps are always installed in /system but when system apps get updates , they are downloaded to /data as an update to the /system app . if you download an app from the market that its already installed in /system , it will upgrade the one you already have , but it will not install it as a duplicate . in your specific case , if you find an updated version of adw launcher in the market and you download it , you will be able to use the updated version of adw launcher if its the same app as the one in /system . if cyanogenmod has a modified adw launcher on /system and you install the original in the market , you might end with two different launchers ( i have not tested this part , so i do not really know if it will be an update or another app the one it installs ) .
you will need a ms147 . be careful , you might kill your internal antenna connecting an external one .
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
you could use a workaround , compress your file as zip archive and then extract it on your android device . i use androzip for it . as an alternative you could use a better variant . total commander .
as you can read in the wahtsapp faq , current chat history will be lost upon restoration . anyway , you could follow these steps . for every older conversation : 1 ) use the " email conversation " function : to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : tap and hold on the conversation or group . select email conversation choose whether to attach media or not . an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments . 2 ) send the composed email to yourself . after you did that for every older chat , restore the newer ones using your backup . this way : you will be able to read your newer messages on whatsapp normally . you will be able to read your older messages opening the attached . txt file in the emails that were composed
there are several " silent cameras " available on google play , as e.g. silent camera and silent camera ( and many more ) for photos . i remember there was some settings app to completely silence the camera ( regardless of the camera app used ) , but i currently cannot find it .
check if on your phone you have the following option : Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources . make sure it is checked to allow non-market installs . on older ( and newer ) android os versions this option could be under a different menu , or be absent altogether because some carriers disable this it . once the option is enabled and you have some live wallpapers downloaded from elsewhere , you should be able to side-load them . just copy the apk file to your sd card , then use any one of the free file browser apps from market to " launch " the apk from the sd card . this should invoke android 's built-in package installer and complete the installation .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
a launcher will not put the whole system in grayscale , only your home screen . the samsung galaxy s5 has a true grayscale function you can enable system wide . if you do not want to buy a samsung galaxy s5 then try cf . lumen https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.lumen it can color the screen to a specific tint . as a side effect the battery life will increase a lot . if you have a samsung phone , but not necessarily the s5 then you can use this root app to put everything into true monochrome ( grayscale ) : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.galacticnight
there is no built-in function that does this on an android phone . the bast way to achieve this is to install a custom launcher . check on the play store , there are a bunch of them .
i think you need this root your phone and install the following app from play store by famous developer chainfire https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.cf3d then change the setting to grayscale
how did you disable the mobile data networks ? did you just erase the apn data ? or did you uncheck it in the settings menu ? at this point , i would suggest doing a factory reset . your problem would likely require more troubleshooting than it is worth to fix . make a backup if possible . google should remember the free apps you have downloaded and re-install them .
i think you may want a symbolic link . you can create them in any good linux system using ln -s &lt;link_target&gt; &lt;link_name&gt;  eg ln -s /data/app /mnt/sdcard/data/app  or ( while in /mnt/sdcard/data ) ln -s /data/app app  you will want to be careful regarding removing the sdcard - you will need to completely shutdown the device prior to removal , and the same sdcard will likely need to be in the device prior to booting .
if it is the same people ringing you regularly what you could do is : add them as a contact , under ' ignore1' , ' ignore2' etc . whenever they ring go to contacts -> select ' ignore1' -> options ( or action menu ) -> select ' all calls to voicemail ' or if you do not like this method then you could try : mr . number : text , call and block ( free ) extreme call blocker droid ( paid )
you can also try call manager .
get odin . download and flash the stock rom . everything will remain intact and your phone will boot up again normally . you can get links for stock roms at sammobile . com or xda developers
i initially installed cwm v5 ( as zip from cwm site ) , but that appears mount the internal sd card memory with root permissions only . i finally tried cwm 6.0.4.5 ( again as zip , not from cwm site ) . the zip failed verification , so i could not install it . however , in v5 , there is an option to ignore that , so i was able to run v6 . it seems to run fine so far , and the storage is mounted correctly , and i can now pull with adb ! so - solution : - boot into stock recovery - install cwm v5 ( from cwm site ) from sd card ( as zip ) - use that to install cwm v6 from sd card ( as zip ) - then use adb to pull /storage/sdcard0 . ( adb will not preserve time stamps , but you can do a " ls -lare " if you want particular file stamps so in this way i was able to retrieve the contents of the internal sd card . full details http://www.sciencemedianetwork.org/blog/20140304_samsung_galaxy_s2_data_recovery however , after factory reset , the phone still does not boot . follow up question here : complete reset of sgs2 ( factory reset not sufficient )
hi you may also wanna check rawvision : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caketuzz.rawvision cheers
i just released a raw viewer for android . it has a very basic importing tool ( it is something that i did for myself to be able to review the pictures in a bigger screen ) but the best thing is that it can be used as one of the possible actions for images from your favorite filebrowser . it is name is rawpal gallery . you can find it in the market : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.rawpal.gallery i will apreciate any comment or sugestion . regards
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
it is the " menu " key on your keyboard usually located right next to the right " ctrl " key . ( it is the key that opens the right-click menu on windows )
you can clear the market data from the command line like so : rm -r /data/data/com.android.vending/*
if the problem is limited to large apps , maybe the problem is the following : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/17824-google-maps-wont-install/page__p__175751#entry175751 the market uses the same folder for cache as dalvik does , so you are limited to 5mb apps !
you will need to have the android sdk installed , particularly the fastboot tool . ( you probably have this already if you have rooted your phone . ) go to google 's factory images page , find the section called " mysid " near the bottom , and download the 4.0.4 file . turn your phone off , then hold both the volume up and down buttons , and press and hold the power button . you should see the phone 's bootloader screen , which looks like a green droid with its front panel open , and an arrow at the top that says start . do not press any buttons here , but plug in your usb cable . extract the factory image file that you downloaded . inside , you should find a file called image-mysid-imm76k.zip . open a command prompt , cd to the folder with that file , and run fastboot -w update image-mysid-imm76k.zip . that'll reflash the phone 's factory software image , which should put it back to normal . ( you will be running ics at this point , but you can do the jelly bean ota upgrade afterward if it is available to you . ) this may wipe all your phone 's data — including the " sd card " internal memory — so make a backup of anything important first . if your aokp " has no way of installing apps " , it sounds like when you installed it , you forgot to install the " gapps " add-on , which includes the play app as well as other google apps like gmail . but the other problems you described should not happen — i have put aokp on my galaxy nexus and it works fine . if you still have problems after flashing the factory image , you will need to provide more detailed information about what is happening .
" simply create a bookmark and paste the javascript into the url field . " bookmark a page that you have not bookmarked , then modify the bookmark , name , address , folder ( to something like " bookmarklets" ) , and assign a gesture , then add . suggest you create a gesture to create a bookmark and draw a five pointed star as that gesture . ( or use the "+" at the left end of the address bar . ) for more information see http://dmcritchie.mvps.org/dolphin/dolphin_mygestures.htm
chrome to phone and also . . . phone to chrome , once the the linkys gets synchronized , then its merely a matter of bookmarking it . the only onus , is that chrome is installed on the pc desktop , in that way , linkys can be shared .
finally got it to work and it was not complicated at all . simply create a bookmark and paste the javascript into the url field . i have tried it on this bookmarklet that does a google definition search : to get it saved as a bookmark i just saved the text in evernote then copied it on my phone an pasted it in the url field of " new bookmark . " to make it even easier to access i created a custom dolphin gesture that opens it as " go to url " . now when i am browsing and i want to lookup a word i hit the gesture button and draw a " d " and it brings up a popup that allows me to lookup the word . i have only tried this on dolphin browser hd .
it is not so much being " android compatible " as being compatible with the specific browser . that being said . . . i have not gotten url-based javascript to execute in dolphin , but that proves nothing .
use either the habit browser or slepnir browser apps . they both support userscripts . i had to tweak my scripts slightly to get them working ( they handle events differently ) but they both work really well .
solution 1 . use tampermonkey . tampermonkey is more popular as an extension for chrome , but it is also available as a standalone android app . it functions as a lightweight browser , and allows you to manage and automatically run user scripts . unfortunately it does not have many of the features found on other popular browsers , but it does support the greasemonkey api . solution 2 . use opera mobile , which has built-in support for userscripts , but no script management features , and does not support the greasemonkey api . navigate to the user prefs section of opera:config , then tick " always load user javascript " and " user javascript " . enter the path to a folder ( not a file ) in the " user javascript file " field ( i use /sdcard/userscripts/ ) , then store the settings . save your userscript in that folder with a .user.js extension . nb this works in om12 , but the om14 beta does not seem to support userscripts at present . solution 3 . launch your userscript manually via a bookmarklet or pasting this javascript directly into the browser address bar : javascript:(function(){var a=document.createElement("script");a.src="http://path.to/myscript.user.js";document.head.appendChild(a);})();  this technique is tedious , but the principle should work in most browsers . you do not get greasemonkey api support though . the code above should work without modification in the stock android browser , and can be saved as a bookmarklet . in chrome mobile the space in the var a needs escaping , i.e. var%20a= , and bookmarklets do not seem to work , so you have to paste manually every time .
use oilcan - " greasemonkey on steroids for android " .
i know that my phone -- htc 's evo -- actually has a diagnostic tool thats sole purpose is to drain the battery as fast as possible . open up your dialer and enter : *#*#3424#*#*  you do not need to press send or anything . a recent update for the evo blocked these tools so hopefully you can still access them . you can also look up device specific codes if yours happens to be different . rooted users have found a way to get these tools back . the utility turns up brightness all the way , prevents sleep , turns on the camera and flash , turns on the gps and constantly polls it , etc . basically everything that can drain the battery but not damage the phone is done ( ie it does not constantly vibrate because that would probably be bad ) .
this question is along these same lines : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ? so there may or may not be an app designed to drain the battery but you probably just need to turn on an app that uses the gps . this will help to fully drain your battery but i do not know that doing so before recharging will extend the battery life .
video looper . no permissions required . works for me . [ update ] in addition to video player above , just found a " loop one " option buried in the options of mx player
do not do this . you are actually harming the lifespan of your battery when fully discharging it before a recharge . see this site for a discussion of how depth of discharge affects battery life . the only reason you might want to fully discharge before a recharge is if you have a nicad battery that is susceptible to the memory effect . your smartphone most likely uses a lithium-ion polymer battery , so there is no good reason for you to totally discharge your battery . the lifetime is longer if you have a shallow depth of discharge .
activating wifi-network sharing should empty the battery in a couple of hours . after the first couple of charge cycles the battery should be at optimum performance . how this works i do not really know . but after the initial couple of days i had a little more of use out of a fully charged battery .
there is an app on google play store for disable and re enable the music button . music button disabler for android hope this help .
sorry , this is a bit of a half-answer - i have not worked it right the way though yet - but i think you could do something like the following using the ( amazing ) tasker app . ON 'Screen Off', IF current music track = "", SET Media Volume = 0 ON 'Screen On' set volume back to normal  by checking for a currently playing track , it will not mute whilst you are genuinely listening to something just because the screen is then turned off . whilst it does not disable your phone as such , it would stop the music blearing out . you could also add a vibrate notification to warn you if this has happened .
you can try button remapper , but i am not 100% sure if your device is supported . if its not , you could contact the dev and see if he can add support , he recently added support for the galaxy s devices . edit actually , from looking at that thread , it may be supported already . i see there are " media " actions that can be changed . . .
heyy i got an answer . go to youtube and search for update p1000 to gingerbread select vio 's , and download the file watch the video . i had the same problem too .
the best you can do is power off the device completely , but do nothing for now , head over to samfirmware and download the appropriate rom for your region . once you do that , refer to the instruction on using odin . you should have the pit , and the md5 file , and also the csc file set up within odin . then press and hold the volume down button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should go into download mode . from there odin should detect the device , then start flashing as normal . disclaimer : i am not responsible , please double check to make sure you have the right check-boxes ticked within odin . if all else fails , refer to the xda forum another route : if you cannot get into download mode , try the hard reset - that is , ensure the tablet is powered off completely , hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button , the device should hard reset itself . and try the above again .
if i had to guess , i would guess it runs fsck . on linux and ext3/fat filesystems there is no way to check the file system when it is being used , so it is usually checked on boot . however , it taking 5 minutes on such small disk sounds abnormal . be sure to have backups of all data you have on your phone , it is possible that the hardware is failing . if you have a memory card in it , it might make sense to take it out and run some diagnostics for it on a real computer . if the problem is in internal memory of the phone , then , well , apart from rooting the device it is hard to know .
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
i went into the gmail app and turned off the alerts there under settings , reached by the menu key . that way , they both receive the mail , but only one sends the alert . do not know why i did not think of this before , thinking it was going to be much harder .
there is no need to do anything here , since these files , despite reporting massive sizes , actually use very little space , as they are so called " sparse files " . i left more details on the android ticket about this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39546#c79 ﻿
there are a lot of problems here : the incredible 2 's software does not support usb host mode , so you had need to root your device and replace the kernel . windows software will not run on android even if the dependencies are present . you would need to entirely replace the software . android apps can not be written in fortran or matlab , there is no fortran compiler for android , and no version of matlab for android . so you had need to put in a massive amount of work here , including reverse engineering the device commands since i doubt it is open source . i would advise you to just use a laptop :p
as the previous answer states , android is a linux device , and so you would need linux drivers for this hardware , which i doubt exist . all in all , you would need : linux drivers framework support , and apis ( ie , you had need to actually modify the android framework , and create your own rom ) . an app , written in java ( and possibly c++ ) . this is a huge amount of work , and whatever results you come out with are going to be specific to the phone create it for . i personally do not think this is very feasible , though honeycomb/ics might reduce , to some extent , the need to make framework changes .
you can not push to the sdcard 's root , but you can push in any folder found in it , except /sdcard/Android/data .
certainly you cannot enter the beginning and the ending address , so probably you can try entering all the ip address from beginning to end
vpn capabilities ( pptp , l2tp and ipsec ) for android were included from version 1.6 ( donut ) onwards .
the android release matrix at androidspin is pretty comprehensive . there is also the pdadb .netrom respository , although i do not think it is as user friendsly as the androidspin db . last ( and least relevant to your question ) is theunlockr 's list of android roms ( i just thought it was worth mentioning ) .
it is routed by the carrier so even if your phone is off it will get appropriately routed to google voice . with non-android phones you have to type the carrier specific activation code into the keypad and hit send to make the change at the carrier level . the google voice android app takes care of this for you with a simple toggle in the settings menu .
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
with the note 3 do the following : open -settings -general -accounts -google uncheck 'sync picasa web albums ' the " gallery " button is found in general> applications manager select all scroll down and select gallery tap clear data
downolad any rom and flesh via cwm recuvery ( http://www.techtuple.com/919/list-of-best-custom-rom-for-htc-desire-bravo/ ) this site and copy zip file and flesh ur htc desire a8181 . . . . . .
you can follow this link depending on your htc , your phone model is htc bravo you can download your roms here your edit : official ruu 3.14 desire gingerbread--- [ v1.2/1st/august/2012 ] this is best rom it also give you more then 100mb free space . i used it for my device too
short answer with two letters : no . tl ; dr whatever app you use to work with your contacts , sms , and phone – they will need to access your contacts , sms , and phone ( how else should that work ? ) , so alternative apps for that will not be much help . with the exception of those few which use own databases ( i know of some calendar apps that do this , but did not yet encounter any such contacts/dialer/sms app ) , which would not work with contacts ( how shall the dialer or messages app then access them , except it is built into the very same app ? ) . let 's assume you find such an all-in-one contacts app using its own storage : you had to trust it as well that it does not initiate calls to some premium numbers ( or send sms there ) in the background , and ( in case it has the INTERNET permission ) send all your private data " to some cloud " . so as dan pointed out in his comment on your question : if you have concerns about an app that asks for permission to access something , do not install it . with root if , on the other hand , you decide to root your device , there are several solutions available to restrict apps . just to name some : lbe , pdroid , xprivacy . for details , please check with what information does stock android send to google by default , and how do i opt-out ? and how to fake my personal information .
art is still in development stage . difference between delvik and art : when android app is installed , the delvik virtual machine is used to compile and run the app . the compiled app is loaded in the ram . when the app is closed and reopened the process has to be redone . this method is called jit ( just in time ) in art unlike compiling every time , when the app is installed it is precompiled and will be stored in the device itself . this is called aot ( ahead of time ) this takes more space of your device and time to install . however this has a added advantage . since the apps are precompiled , android need not do the process again again thus saving processor and cpu and the app will launch faster . but since art is in development phase some of the apps will not work or crash or force close . to find the app which are compatible with art go here the detail explanation of delvik and art can be found here
art is still experimental . it is not ready for end-users yet : it is only included at all so developers can find problems with their own apps . it does not surprise me at all that games that make heavy use of native code do not work with art . you should ignore anything people say about the performance characteristics of art , for the same reason . it could get twice as fast or twice as slow ( or more ) before it is finally released and activated for all users , so the performance of the experimental version is only relevant for those engineers in google who are trying to make it faster .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
you have got it wrong . the fuse filesystem is specifically designed to remove permissions and case sensitivity . you cannot chmod in the /storage/* mount points . also know that if you change the permissions on the actual sd card mont point /mnt/fuse or the internal storage /data/media directories you will break the fuse system and thus the /storage/* mount points as well .
distance can be measured even if you place 2 points in one place - for mesurement used signal from satellites , and in city it is extremely difficult to predict it changes . accuracy depends on signal quality , and it is impossible to get it 100% even in a field , so when you move phone to 1 meter , signal change may be so small , what not detected , and it may be changed so seriously , what will displayed over 100 meters change ( tested on buildings corners with htc desire and nexus 7 ) .
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
you have to uncheck the box that says " use system language " . i had the same problem , i had not seen that !
check whether the hardware supports otg functionality . if hardware supports , check for any custom rom ( such as cyanogenmod ) is released for your device . follow their procedure to flash the custom rom .
pefrom factory reset \ clear cache after the cwm restore , the old rom must save data you must delete in order for the cwm to work .
that is weird . i could stream this perfectly on my android 2.3 stock browser . for you , i would suggest you do the following :- download mx video player free ( and a suitable codec for your phone ) enter the url rtsp://128.112.131.181:554/blackboard/cs/additive_combinatorics/1_luca_trevisan_350k.rm in your stock browser . you will see something like : the above url for lazy beans : click on the mx video player and your video should load properly . duh ! :d
seems so . if you have a look at android adb api i have used commands in batch scripts etc to install / uninstall . apk files etc ( agreed that is not the same as installing from the store but it is a start ) . . . and as for theming i am pretty sure you can do stuff with issuing intents etc to make that happen .
this could be done - but would need to either : 1 ) root the devices and allow system priviledges high enough to automate uninstall/install/create wihtout user confirmation 2 ) the user would need to confirm app uninstallations and installations - which would be almost as slow and laborious as doing the work manually . if you decided to go down the root and run route , you would need to write an app which could install the others for you or you would need to look into something such as nandroid which can be used to create an image of a working android device and return you a set of image files to deploy to other devices failing that , as james said - look at the debug bridge apis which could be used to accomplish this .
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
go to Settings-&gt;About Phone ( this is the last menu item in the settings menu ) and find the version number menu item in the menu . 1 . find the android quickly tap the android version number several times and an android will appear on your screen : 2 . find the nyan-droid press and hold the android n the screen and it will grow . keep holding it and at the end a set of androids wearing ice cream sandwiches will fly across your screen , like so : enjoy ! !
/proc/ is a filesystem that contains special files describing the current state of processes and the kernel . /proc/mounts contains information on the current mountpoints . mountpoints are similar drive letters in windows . since there is only one file hierarchy in linux , any file systems that are not the operating system 's fs ( like an sd card , /proc , etc ) need to be grafted onto this solitary tree . details on these graftpoints are accessible by reading /proc/mounts . part of the info that can be retrieved from this file is the current space utilization and capacity of each filesystem . because it is a file system usage utility , this app probably needs this info in order to tell you how much free space there is on the sd card and/or the main os filesystem . serial permission allows the app to grab a unique identifier for for your phone . i am not sure specifically how this app intends to use it .
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
if you can get to recovery you should be able to flash the full factory image which will restore your phone to completely stock . download the full occam factory image , which includes the full system , bootloader , recovery , kernel ( boot . img ) , and radio . it is a clean slate for these components - they will flash cleanly over anything you have now . you can run the bundled script called flash-all ( in which case it will run all necessary commands for you ) or you can unpack the tgz ( tar/gz ) archive , and then the zip contained within as well . this will put all the components into one folder : then run the following commands : adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash bootloader bootloader* . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash radio radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.84 . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot format cache fastboot reboot fastboot flash userdata userdata . img note : this command will wipe your device ( including /sdcard ) , even if your bootloader is already unlocked . note : instead of unpacking the image* . zip and flashing system and boot manually , you can actually do fastboot update image* . zip - this will not delete data ( you would pass a -w flag if you wanted that to happen ) , but it will re-flash recovery back to stock if you were running a custom one . you can then flash it back , or just use the commands above instead . either way , the result will be the same .
dalvik vm ( virtual machine ) is google 's version of a java vm ( on which apps run ) . vms keep apps isolated and independent from actual hardware and other apps . but , for this to work , dalvik needs to convert so called bytecode ( designed for virtual machine ) to native machine code . in order to minimize the performance penalty that the bytecode to native code conversion introduces , a process called just-in-time ( jit ) compilation is performed , which converts hot , i.e. often used , bytecode to native code . 1 art ( android runtime ) is a replacement for dalvik that uses ahead-of-time ( aot ) compilation , meaning your apps are compiled to a ready-to-run state before you even launch them . this is usually done , at the time of app installation , making the process of launching and using them much faster and smoother . and since this means that compilation is only done once , you may also see better battery life , too . if art is better on performance and battery life perspective , should i start using it ? no . if you do that , you may break third-party apps . google has shipped this art preview with android 4.4 for developers to test their apps on it . side note : google 's approach with art is to beat ios ( ios apps are native so performs better even on low-end hardware specs ) , but i do not know where it is heading . . . another fragmentation ? see oems are free to build devices using either one or both . while final version should not affect most of apps , but its not 100% cross-platform thing . 1 note that jit was added to dalvik in android 2.2
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
download wireless_tools . 30 . pre9 . tar . gz . this version supports non-ascii char in essid . unpack it into mydroid/external/wireless-tools directory . create android . mk file with the following content : modify it as follows : change wireless . 22 . h to be wireless . h ; modify ifrename . c , add getline ( ) function . you can get the code from external/genext2fs/genext2fs . c ; notice that this file uses macro to pass another function to getline ( ) . modify iwlib . h , change #include to be #include . [ you might need to check the original file to know what the author means ] compile ~/eclair-21/external/wireless-tools$ . ../../build/envsetup.sh ~/eclair-21/external/wireless-tools/wireless-tools$ mm  copy files to the system test after starting android : done . ref : http://anemospring.blogspot.com.es/2011/03/android-wireless-tools.html
it appears that the ice cream sandwich update for the galaxy s2 on at and t was never pushed over the air , but only via samsung kies . in order to install the update you will need to install and use kies . if you do , i strongly recommend creating a system restore point ( windows ) before installing it .
i assume the usb connection is not the main point ? you could look into a trrs splitter to fit your 3,5mm plug into the headset jack on your phone . here 's one example , just to give you an idea of what i mean . this way you can use a normal recording app to capture analog audio from your soundboard . just be careful to check the levels since the jack is not a line in jack , but a mic in jack .
is this a google account issue or an issue with the phone+software combination ? is it possible for you to use the same google account in another phone ( or different google account on the lg phone , since you seem to have reset it a few times ) ?
i uninstalled all updates to market app ( android 1.6 ) and since then i am able to download new apps/updates successfully
the cause of these problems is a bug in google framework services , at least in 2.1 and 2.2 . i have been able to fix it temporarily by clearing the cache for all google apps -- gfs , talk , voice , gmail , market , etc . -- but i do not believe there is a permanent fix . perhaps in 2.3 , i do not have it on my phone yet .
it sounds like you may need to reset your apn settings , your phone will be slightly different than mine , i am using a nexus 4 . try locating the following : settings -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks -> access point names -> and from there locate the " reset to default " option . if that does not work , you can backup your device , and factory reset it .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
press the search key , this brings up a search bar you can type into , with a magnifying glass icon on the right . to the right of this icon is a microphone which activates voice search . if you do not have that icon , check which version of maps , and which version of the android os is installed . in the maps application , press menu , then choose " more " , then " about " . to find the phone version , go to settings , about phone , and see " firmware version " .
in addition to chinmay kanchi 's comment , if you do not have a custom recovery to flash it , it is also possible to extract the . apks from the gapps package ( in /system/app ) and install them on their own to get the store running . i did this on my archos 32 ( which also runs froyo ) and it worked flawlessly without any root needed . unfortunately , i did this almost 2 years ago and i do not remember which exact apks were needed for just the market nor what order i needed to install them in . vending . apk is the store itself . i think i might have needed to install googleservicesframework . apk before that . marketupdater . apk might also be needed , but i think installed after vending . i bumbled through the process via trial and error , so doing things in the wrong order should not harm anything ( i remember that the install would just error out on a wrong-order attempt ) and you can just try again .
check the " barebones " page on the cyanogenmod wiki . it lists which apks are required for what . so instead of listing minimum apk list , you can just select the required apps for play . by the way google play , market or vending are the same things . at a minimum you will will need vending . apk and marketupdater . apk , and possibly googleservicesframework . apk
no , it does not matter at all for recovery . just make sure that if the odin package contains anything beside cwm ( e . g . , a kernel ) that the versions match . i have used a voodoo kernel with built in cwm for replacing 3e recovery , and the kernel had to be 2.2 to match my 2.2 os . that said , you could actually flash a mismatching kernel with cwm as long as you already had the cyanogen package on your device and ready to install . you had be able to get into recovery and flash the package even if your os would not boot .
galaxy s has a notoriously bad gps . i changed from s to now s3 , and there is a huge difference . the s3 is extremely fast to get a gps lock , and incomparably more precise . so do not expect wonders from a galaxy s .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
i have actually been writing an application that uses gps , so i can shed some light on this . onik is correct about the agps vs gps . additionally , though , gps can be affected by a number of factors which can reduce accuracy or the ability to receive a signal at all : gps accuracy is affected by a number of factors , including satellite positions , noise in the radio signal , atmospheric conditions , and natural barriers to the signal . noise can create an error between 1 to 10 meters and results from static or interference from something near the receiver or something on the same frequency . objects such a mountains or buildings between the satellite and the receiver can also produce error , sometimes up to 30 meters . the most accurate determination of position occurs when the satellite and receiver have a clear view of each other and no other objects interfere . as well with agps is dgps ( differential gps ) . ( but i do not believe phones have this , only agps ) . like the agps , the dgps uses a fixed gps location ( such as a cell tower ) to send information to the gps receiver . dgps , however , looks at both the satellite and the fixed location adjusts for any difference between the two , and then sends that information to the receiver . dgps is particularly helpful when atmospheric conditions interfere with reception . source/more information . in short , make sure you are outside and have a clear view of the sky . the initial lock will sometimes take quite a bit of time , but subsequent locks should not be nearly as bad .
i tried rebooting when i was seeing the problem , and that did not help . i wound up setting two songs from my sd card as the ringtone and notification sounds , and that did not help either . my phone crashed hard today while downloading an app , and i had to pull the battery to restart it . after that , the original choices reappeared . go figure .
gallery> clear cache and clear data> uncheck and recheck notifications .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
developers do not necessarily have to re-theme the listview to fix this - it can also be done by not forcing the listview to fill the screen . the problem is on the listview below - if layout_weight="1" , or layout_height="fill_parent " , then the listview takes up any unused space , and you get the ugly white background . setting layout_height to " wrap content " and getting rid of the weight solves the problem .
currently there is no way to share notes on keep in the same way that you can share a document . however , if your goal is to share notes between a fixed amount of persons ( e . g . family members , ) you can always create a new google account , add it to all android phones that you need to share on , and enable sync of keep only on that account .
i think the app has an inbuilt functionality to share to your google+ profile etc update to the latest version if you have not seen the option .
try wunderlist , they have a great ios and android app that does it . i know some people who use it and they really seem in love with it .
android app gmd speed time claims to speed up games by accelerating device time . the free version accelerates time up to 10x . it requires root access on the device and does not work on all devices .
download cheat engine for android here : www.cheatengineandroid.com
you can use no-frills cpu control classic app . get no-frills cpu control classic from google play . or the app page in f-droid description : no-frills cpu control classic is a trimmed down version of the popular no-frills cpu control . it is meant for older devices running android 1.6 " donut " or android 2.0 " eclair " or for people who want an app as small as possible : just around 400kb ! all the features of the standard no-frills cpu control are available in the classic version . the only difference is in the user interface ( "the looks" ) .
gamecih ( cheating hacker ) can change the game speed .
here 's a wild guess . the vault may have encrypted the protected files to be used only with the previous phone . so if you try to open them in another phone ( assuming you have installed the vault with the same google account ) , the new phone will not be able to access them . i have emailed help@nq . com regarding this issue . hopefully , they will reply . i will then update / confirm this answer . if not , it is safe to say my assumption was right . update #1: thank you for contacting nq mobile customer support ! you would not be able to show pictures on your sd card in another phone . once you put them in vault they are encrypted in the phone and would not be able to be seen . the vault application is specific to each phone unless you transfer the application to another phone . thank you again for contacting nq mobile customer support ! adam schalk nq mobile customer support team possible solution what can do is put back the card into the old phone , and remove the protection from the vault . i am sure you can un-protect pictures , like in other apps . after you have unprotected all the pictures / files , put back the sd card to your new phone . you should be able to read the files . after that , you can protect them again using vault ( on your new phone ) .
one solution would be to use an app like auto mount your sd card , which would automatically switch to ums ( usb mass storage ) mode when your device gets connected to a computer via usb . if you still want to manually decide , this seems to be provided by mountusb widget ( which is not free , but costs ~eur 1 ) .
a possible cause would be using a custom launcher ( adw , go launcher , apex , nova , launcher pro , etc . . ) . some of these launchers allow you to hide the status bar at the top , and trigger it with actions like double tapping the home screen , swiping up or down , swiping with two fingers , etc . . what might be happening is that you are unintentionally triggering the show/hide status bar . when hidden , you can no longer pull it down . if you are using a custom launcher , go to the launcher settings , there you will find an option that allows you to customize behavior . i can also tell you if the issue is with the status bar , it is most definitely not a hardware issue .
when you are done transferring these files , it is more important that you eject the device from the computer than it is for you to unmount the sd from the statusbar . once your computer says the device is ejected , the problem should be resolved after you unplug the phone-- if not-- you can transfer files via adb without ' mounting ' the sdcard . in this case , you would not disable the debugging option ( which you do not really need to do in the first place , btw ) . =d
you either have to restore it from backup if you have one , or reflash the phone , either with a third-party rom or an official one from your phone manufacturer . can not go into specifics unless you mention your phone model .
well , i have not had this issue , and i am not experienced much . if you plugged it into your computer , opened kfu ( not sure if it would detect it ) , you can download the latest stock rom . then maybe all you had have to do is push it onto the sdcard through adb ? and then reload twrp ( or something to refresh the list ) and it would appear , and then you could flash it ? not sure if that'd work . again , not an experienced person with this , but maybe you can figure something out with my idea . :p
one working solution is to remotely connect to linux server through vnc and do it there . but that feels so very , very wrong .
there was a recent ( around 5-oct-2011 ) update of the offical google docs app , with the following changes : what is new in this version : optimized experience for tablet users , honeycomb ( android 3.0+ ) new 3-panel interface for improved browsing details panel showing a thumbnail and sharing information improved sharing experience with autocomplete system landscape or portrait mode improved video playback maybe it fixes the problems you described . i am sure google will further work on the tablet compatibility of the google docs app , it is just a matter of time .
it is up to the app to fetch the proxy settings from the system prior to making the first connection . if a app does not do this and your local firewall prevents outgoing connections without the proxy , it will not work . you should contact your app developer about this problem and ask him to fix this .
most likely when the repairman said that " when you jtag the phone , all the phone memory contents are completely wiped " he meant that he only knows how to run " complete erase " script in his jtag software . but there is nothing preventing him ( or another smarter person ) from running another jtag script , which would dump all memory contents before erasing it . also i would advise against " complete erase " anyway - ap and bp share the same emmc chip and erasing it completely would destroy the radio calibration data . which would result in poor reception .
i cannot promise that any of these solutions work on your device , but there are several apps listed which seem to be able to achieve this , as e.g. air gesture control or wave control . just try a search for " air gestures " on play apps . note : my links go to appbrain , as that site is not limited to 16 search results . being an alternative front-end to google play , you still can install your findings from the latter . appbrain even offers google play links for each app .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
since last year google apps accounts are full class citizens . starting with eclair android supports more than one google accounts and since the market 3.0 update of market all android apps treat all google accounts on your phone the same way . take note however that it is not possible to transfer your google wallet history and purchases . so if a year from now you want to change your domain name for your email address you will need to keep the old account on your phone or rebuy all your apps again . it is for this reason that i recommend you to create a gmail account an purchase apps with that not with your apps account .
do you have a holder that has a magnetic catch ? it will cause the sd caurd to remount again and again
if your phone is connected to pc then might be getting chances of not detecting sd card in phone . try to change setting for removable device like below drag down status bar and select usb connection option if you are getting option like windows media sync , usb mass storage , none then select none go to phone setting --> applications --> development --> and uncheck usb debugging try this , it may help you . .
and do not forget . if none of the previous answers seemed useful try formatting the sd card and delete any existing partitions using linux disk utility .
we bought a new epic 4g for my mom a while back , and her sd would do the same thing . just randomly unmount . turns out it was a hardware issue , and they replaced the phone and the sd card . sorry , but you might be out of luck :/
i had a problem with cheap sd cards from ebay doing this , i spend a little more these days on them . there is not much you can do here if you do not intend on rooting the phone or anything . if it was mine i would wipe the thing and re-install a fresh stable rom and test that for a few days .
a friend had a similar problem playing mp3 in his car with a slow card . try at least a speed 4 card . the speed of the card is shown inside a small , unclosed circle on the card . for reference , i just bought a 16gb speed 10 microsd card from amazon for $22 .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
you could use diskusage to find your files . this app shows you a graph of folders and how much space they are using on your sd card . it is designed to help you clean out folders that get large , so it would be perfect for your case .
usually games are downloaded to the sd card , so check there , for example using a file manager app .
downloaded data for games , mostly are saved in SD-CARD/Android/data under a folder with a name matching to package name of the game . albeit , it may differ across developers . for example , gameloft games data are saved in SD-CARD/gameloft . so , you can check those folders with a file explorer app or when your sd card is mounted on pc .
i have successfully done this in the past using wifi tether for root users - it has an option to leave the wifi on during bt tethering . but it needs a rooted device .
the built-in tethering should be Settings-&gt;Wireless and Network-&gt;Tethering &amp; portable hotspot-&gt;USB tethering . i think the name of the menu simply changed between cm6 and cm7 from " tethering " to " tethering and portable hotspot " . edit : additionally , it appears that some phones are simply not supported due to kernel issues . for these devices , the menu option will not be present . this thread on the cyanogenmod forums discusses this , and notes at least two devices which fall into this category ( the htc tattoo and the zte blade ) .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
you can install the official ' htc transfer tool ' from the google play store on your old s3 and new htc one . pure simplicity : )
short answer you cant . google music provides no api to access you music and playlists that are stored in the google music cloud .
vnc uses simple protocol , called rfb , you can read more here : http://www.realvnc.com/docs/rfbproto.pdf basically , it is a simple client/server based network protocol , server listens for clients to connect , once a client is connected , clients send mouse/keyboard information to the server using packets . the server parses the messages , and inject key/mouse to the local system . we released a new vnc server , vmlite vnc server , first vnc server working on any android devices : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en
windows its easier , what you can do is this , from the cmd window , adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt and just let it run , now , you can pause , resume the scrolling , in that cmd window , same keystrokes for linux terminal , iirc , now launch an editor and open the file ' my_logcat . txt ' and there the results will show , had there not being a pause/resume in the cmd window , the file will get updated , such as using ' notepad2 ' , ' notepad++ ' or similar , the in-built windows 's version of notepad would do very little justice . linux from a linux terminal under a gui such as kde/gnome , using the two utilities combined , found on most distributions , multitail , which is like a tail unix utility , only more powerful ! adb logcat # want to see the logcat on the screen  using ctrl+s to suspend , then ctrl+q to resume the display , and simply mouse scroll the terminal to back-track seeing the logcat output . the other way is this . . . adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt 2&gt;&amp;1 &amp; multitail my_logcat.txt  the first line above creates a background process by using the &amp; at the end of the command , redirecting any errors to /dev/null hence 2&gt;&amp;1 . as the process is forked into the background , using multitail can perform , scroll-back on the logcat .
i do not know what logcat does so i can only guess you should use it the same way you do with any other command that spews out text . redirect the output to a file you can read in an editor or view with less $&gt;logcat [&lt;option&gt;] [&lt;filter-spec&gt;] &gt; /path/to/a/file-to-open-in-an-editor 
if you are using logcat viewer in eclipse you can click the " scroll lock " button to prevent it from automatically scrolling down . it is the icon on the top right in the screenshot above .
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
please be aware that home screens do not rotate . as well as this , developers can request their apps are only to be used in portrait mode - they therefore will not rotate automatically . if you really want to rotate your screen , you can download the set orientation app , which will allow you to force your screen to rotate , based on a default orientation setting , or your sensor .
as it turned out : with adb.exe not being in the %PATH% ( or $PATH for linux/mac users ) , the batch file was not able to find it . so there are 3 solutions to it : fixing the batch file to look in the very same directory fixing the %PATH%/$PATH to include the directory changing into the directory the batch ( and adb ) files are located in , and running it from there for a one-time run , #3 is the easiest approach : open a command shell ( on windows via the start menu , open a cmd – on linux via alt + f2 and entering e.g. xterm ) change to the directory ( using the cd command with the directory as argument ; on windows , you might need to switch to the correct drive letter before ) run the batch/shell script from there if you need that script more often , it might be worth trying one of the other two approaches . not being a windows user , i do not know where exactly to add the PATH information there ( afair it was in " environment variables " somewhere in the settings of the control center ) ; on linux you can just do so in your $HOME/.profile or $HOME/.bashrc , adding a line like export PATH=$PATH:/where/is/adb  ( of course using the correct path instead of /where/is/adb ) . fixing the script/batch is a little beyond the scope of our site : )
have you tried app2sd ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.app2sd
try rooting , installing a custom recovery and then finding an english rom to flash on xda or some such place . there will be guides on google .
you might install mobogenie . it gives u one -click root feature . so you may root that ways . and moreover huawei phones have a large range and most of them are not known . so either buy a well known product or go for samsung products
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
have you tried force closing ? Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Browser &gt; Force Close ?
i had the same problem with my galaxy s and home wifi , but it got fixed by disabling and enabling wifi to register it again to my router . maybe you could try to go to flight mode and then back to normal mode to re-register with your network ?
hangout is the replacement to google talk . and on hangout you can see people online . go into hangout , click the + sign to have " new hangout " ( + sign is on top right , or simply swipe from right to left ) , and all people with a green hangout sign are online people . all people with grey hangout are offline , but you can send them ' offline ' messages so they can see it as soon as they are online . unfortunately this is only half the answer as i do not see a way to remove hangout back to google talk . if anyone can add to this answer , please do .
if you did not install hangouts via play store , it was supplied by the update . in that case , there is no way to get the old google talk back . an alternative would be installing a messenger app that supports gtalk and/or xmpp ( xmpp is the protocol gtalk uses ) . some messaging apps : xabber is an open-source , fully configurable xmpp client imo . im is closed-source and displays ads in the non-paid version im+ is closed-source
the definite answer is yes . i received my nexus 7 ( 2013 ) a few weeks ago and today went outside to catch a few satellites . i am using gps status and toolbox whose user guide states : the sky grid ( g ) shows the gps satellites above you as the receiver in the phone detects them . gps satellites ( with ids 1-32 ) are represented by small circles while glonass satellites ( with ids 65-92 ) are shown as rectangles . the size of the symbol depends on the signal strength received from that satellite . the color shows what data is available for that satellite and how it is currently used by the phone . emphasis mine . here 's the left side of the screen shot i took : the nexus 7 model would be the european one , if there are any differences .
according to ifixit is teardown , the nexus 7 2013 uses the qualcomm 8064 snapdragon s4 pro soc . qualcomm 's specs show that soc uses their izat gen8a gnss chipset , which according to their overview does include glonass support , though this does not necessarily mean glonass support is actually active and available in software . a simple means to test whether you have got glonass is to use gps status and toolbox and see how many satellites it shows for you . if it shows more than 13 satellites , you are getting both gps and glonass .
both /data and /sdcard are erased when you do fastboot oem unlock . so you lose not just files on the " sd card " , but all installed applications and their internal settings and data . yes , you can use adb backup to backup your data and then restore it later , either with adb restore or titanium backup pro . however , when i did this ( using adb restore ) , my mms messages were lost ; it seems that the backup did not save them , though maybe i just did something wrong . there is also a way to root without unlocking your bootloader . once rooted , you can use bootunlocker to unlock it without wiping data .
you can report the app to google . when visiting the app 's page in the web version of the play store , there is a link for " flag as inappropriate " . under " malicious or inappropriate android apps " ( and i would say this probably qualifies ) you are given two options for reporting the app . one through the play store app on your device , the other via a web site . application providers must adhere to the google play business and program policies . if you see an application that does not follow these standards , you can report it by flagging it from the google play store app on your android device . open the google play store app . visit the application 's page . scroll down and select flag as inappropriate . you can also report malicious or inappropriate apps to the google play team through the android developer help center .
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
settings > security , under " screen unlock pattern " uncheck " use visible pattern "
i think providing feedback as to bad pattern is the fixed behavior and can not be turned off . i think you are right , it ought not to show you a pattern on error , if you asked to not show a pattern while you were entering it . sounds like a good ui change to me , i suggest trying to dig up someplace to post such a criticism . otoh , do you really worry about so much shoulder surfing that someone will deduce your pattern from various errors they have seen you make ? given that it seems unlikely , you might not get much priority on such fix even your request would be consistent behavior .
are you entering an actual password , or an unlock-pattern ? lock-patterns have the option to display/not-display the path entered , so it is a lot more difficult to " shoulder-surf " use visible pattern this is selected by default . clear this if you do not want the screen unlock pattern to display as you enter it .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
the answer is almost certainly yes . someone could probably get past it in one way or another . ( they could probably just use odin on a samsung device for example . though i have never done something like that myself . ) if you have sensitive data on there then a remote wipe might be the best thing . did you report it stolen with your carrier ? they could report the esn / imei as stolen so at the very least the thief probably would not be able to sell it . of course i do not know your exact situation . if you know for sure it was stolen and not lost could the police recover it from the thief ? either way best of luck to you .
it would depend on the phone , but as firesoul453 said in his answer , almost certainly yes . locking the phone is intended to protect the data - in other words : the thief cannot get your data off of the phone . due to the nature of the android system though , it is usually very easy to wipe out the data on the phone . usually this can be done via recovery , or even by bootloader unlocking the phone , neither of which require the pin to be entered . additionally , if you are on a version of android prior to 4.1 and have usb debugging enabled , they can completely disable the lockscreen pin without having to wipe the data . if it is still connected to android device manager , though , they have not wiped the data yet .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
go to settings > applications > manage applications . select google play store from the list . select clear data . then try using google play again .
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
i do not have the option within settings as mentioned above on my s3 . instead i drag down the top toolbar and uncheck the driving mode option . ( scroll to the right as it is not usually immediately visible . )
are you sure that you are not seeing locally cached data ? i just tried it my self and changed my google password . directly afterwards the gmail app was not able to send or receive any mails on my desire with 2.3 custom rom . warning to everybody who want to verify this on his own : if you try this on your own remember that you can not change your password back to the original one . google saves it and you can never use it again !
your phone does not store the password , it has some kind of session key . i would have expected it to be invalidated when you changed the password , but apparently google does not do that . you had have to ask them why .
logs are written even when logcat is not connected , although i believe the logs are limited to a certain maximum size . they are , however , cleared on reboot . you can try using an app such as alogcat to persist the logs to files , and hope it can catch whatever is misbehaving " in the act " .
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
yes , your phone supports two ways to export its internet connection via bluetooth : dun-gw ( dial-up networking gateway ) pan-ap ( personal area networking access point ) see also this question ( its answer about bluetooth ) . in short : pan is supported from android 3.0 onwards as client . android &lt ; 3.0 users may have luck with wireless tether for root users . dun is not supported out of the box , there are apps though . go for pan if it works for you ( dun requires parameter and possibly eats more battery ) .
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
lets say if your play store is also showing the same disabled beside the app ( for the default app of yours ) then you have to reset the application preferences of the other messaging app . in order you understand this first let us understand the concept of android preferences android preferences come into picture as your device is having more then one application that does the same task and the operating system has to decide which application must be used as a default ex :-let 's say you have the default music player and for some issues you have downloaded another music player application from the play store . due to this there is a conflict arising for what should be the default task to be done . this is shown by the os when you click on an . mp3 file . if you choose to open the downloaded mp3 player as default . it will show how to reset your preferences in the future . ( application> preferences> de-select the default app for the task ) i suggest you can simply reset your other messaging app preferences for you to enable the default app . as doing the complete reset is troublesome for you to set your preferences again else if your default app is not showing disabled for both the messaging apps then there is a problem with your android operating system for which you need to do a simple factory reset .
to connect your samsung galaxy s4 to a tv , you need to use an 11-pin mhl cable . 11-pin mhl cables are usually y-shaped , and state specifically that they are for samsung phones . that is the only way . you can not use a 5-pin mhl cable with this phone . you can not use an app or custom rom , or any other kind of software on the phone , to get around the need for the right cable . see how does mhl work ? for more information .
see here for a list of sites which may contain custom roms and recoveries for your device .
you can also download the already done virtual machine from bash blog , they created a froyo vmware image . . . http://www.bash.ch/2011/04/android-22-froyo-in-einer-vmware.html the virtual machine has only 100mb
here 's a link to to android 2.3 ( froyo ) live cd : http://android-x86.googlecode.com/files/froyo-vm-20100812.iso . it is a small image ( 53.6 mb ) , i ran the live cd on vmware workstation and it worked like a charm .
i think its easier to get arm processor images than it is to get the x86 ones . i have been able to use the android virtual machine that comes with the software development kit .
the easiest way of running android and testing android application on x86 machines appears to be using the android virtual machine that comes with the latest sdk . with reference to a recent question , huh ? jdk not found ? ( on windows 7 64-bit ) , there may be a problem with the latest android sdk . exe installer . you can try to download the zip version of the installer , then run " sdk manager . exe " place to download the sdk : link : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html note that you need jdk to run the android sdk link : http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html and as @afrazier mentioned , android-x86 is a definite option but the lack of drivers make it difficult for most of us to use the os properly . . .
android-x86 seems to be the most current project , with nightly builds available at http://android-x86.moonman.dk/ i think the lack of activity one sees is not so much a licensing/warez problem , it is just that the os simply does not work too well with desktop systems yet , being highly phone and touch-centric . that and there is simply not a lot of interest for it yet . i do not know if this project has the google apps ( particularly market ) baked in or not . if not , that is another major piece that significantly reduces the usefulness of this os . finally , there would be the problem of getting drivers for all the various hardware made available . considering android 's linux base , i am not sure how easy or difficult it is to do .
i already written full tutorial here : how to run android 2.3 gingerbread on vmware and virtualbox very easy and could be done in 5-10 minutes only . . .
as far as i have read , the reason this happens is because of the android memory management , which i read was made " worse " because of a better internal task killer in 2.2 froyo . the app is being marked as not needed in memory anymore and is being killed . there are a couple things you could do to mitigate the frequency of this happening . there is an app on the market called minfreemanager which modifies some system config files to change how the memory manager divides up memory to active apps . get the app and load the preset Aggressive . hit both Apply and Apply at boot . also , you need to be rooted to do this . another thing i have seen suggested is in the launcherpro settings , go to General Settings and check the box for Keep in memory . since doing both of these things , i have seen a reduction in homescreen redraws .
it is hard to say without seeing it , but what you describe sounds like you have added a home screen widget ( a . k.a. appwidget ) . long-press the widget to pick it up , and a delete icon will appear ( it looks like a bin or an x ) . drag-and-drop the widget onto the delete icon .
i believe you will need to remove the associated google account on your device . go to android 's settings > personal > accounts and sync . tap on the account you want to remove . next , tap the overflow/menu icon and choose remove account http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1663649
assuming your phones calendar is syncing with a google calendar , then the easiest way to do this may be to export your friends ' birthday info from facebook and import it into google calendar . our sister-site web applications has more info on doing this : how do you extract friends ' birthday and contact information from facebook ? import birthdays of friends from facebook into google calendar ?
did not dropbox native client worked for you ?
you can use dropsync . it can sync any specified folder and you can setup a schedule . recent update of free version of the app removed limitation for the schedule .
i believe if you hold the microphone icon it brings up a menu that allows you to change those settings . it may be the comma icon on your phone however . previous versions allowed you to swipe the keyboard . otherwise there are many alternative keyboards you can download from the android play store .
there are more differences between android devices than between different pc machines . so you need to know things like which cpu and hardware and version of it you got in the device . then look for an android firmware that supports your phone . you might be able to compile your own firmware from source for your device , also depending on your devices hardware and how well you can handled fails there . after an upgrade , your device will end up in different shape with regard to what works and not after the upgrade . it might even work flawlessly . you might even get a " bricked " device if you fail the upgrade and are a bit unlucky . so , it all depends on what hardware you have and how good support linux and android has to your device hardware . that is why the phone manufacturers and your telephone operator test the upgrades in many ways before they push it out to the customers . but if you know this and are technical skilled and know that you might make your phone usless , you can always try .
it depends on your hardware and the images of roms which may be available . there are many roms for many android handsets out . cyanogen has allowed many devices see 2.3.3 even if their provide has not released an update . like anders said , there are possibilities of bricking your device deeming it unusable . i know this , because i have done it to my htc magic , and half-bricked my htc desire z ( it is fine now ! : ) )
if you have google account , you do not even need a . csv file . you may sync your wm phone with google then when your android mobile syncs , it will get the calendar entries . this way you will have the two mobiles in sync and not just for calendar .
easy if you have a google account . open google calendar on your pc and import the csv file . calendar import functionality is in settings > calendar settings page . depending on your sync settings your android device will autosync entries .
yes according to this post : this one is for the majority of android owners who don’t want to be bothered with root on the g1 ( android ) . mucho gracias to tremendo slap for digging this one up . june fabric has released an app for windows that also installs another app on android that allows you to tether to 3g . most users say it works flawlessly even with vpn connections . a few dropped connections being dropped here and there but overall a success . this is an app that i know many of you have been waiting for . for those wondering , tethering is connecting your device to your laptop and using your devices internet connection on your laptop , basically . so download pdanet beta 1.12 ( or vista 64 ) pdanet note this is probably in violation of your carrier’s tos . for t-mobile the 1gb per month data cap was lifted awhile ago but there is word that users that pass the 1gb limit will be limited to 50kbps for data past that mark . i would advise using this only if you are in dire need . i would advise against canceling your home internet plan as well
with rooting being so easy , why not ? haykuro 's blog is very easy to follow and has been recommended on other threads on this site . once you are rooted just go to http:// code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ and look for the . apk download on the right-side .
just root it - it has gotten even easier now - takes 5 minutes , giving you tethering and so much more .
try azilink . it does not require root access . works just as advertised , and there is now a debian/ubuntu startup script that automates the whole tether setup/teardown process . just do not forget to circumvent the lame http user agent blocks that your isp 's might have put in place .
the easiest way to achieve this is to install a 3rd party calendar app which uses the google calendar backend , and tell that app to not show that specific calendar , while leaving it enabled in the default google calendar app ( acalendar would be a good and relatively light-weight choice here ) . as the google calendar is responsible for the alerts , you still would get them ( and the corresponding notifications ) , while its content would not disturb you working with the 3rd party app . i do something similar , and use the mentioned app , so i really can recommend it . to the detail question : synchronization is what the name suggests : updating changes made on either side ( for a disabled calendar , obviously only in one direction ) . it is probably separated from ( de ) activating a calendar so you can activate it up-to-date even when having no network connection -- just my guess , but that would make sense .
 Lock screen is probably the most discussed topic since release of jellybeans.  well currently there is only one solution to yours problem if device is not rooted . install another lock screen which will provide you that slider shortcuts and which will then be followed by stock lock screen with pin/password . one software is widget locker available in market . however this will be a waste of memory using dual lock screens .  Alternatively I'm looking for a solution for a rooted device. I will post once found.  most custom roms comes with this feature as stock like aokp and miui .
yesterday i had the same problem , and finally i found the solution . flash twrp recovery on your one x , and power off . then connect your phone to your pc by using usb cable boot into twrp recovery select mount and storage on twrp menu and the select mount usb storage , after doing this your pc should see your phone as usb storage . copy your rom file into sdcard on your pc . disconnect the phone from pc , reboot your phone into bootloader and then run twrp recovery . before flashing rom full wipe is recommended to avoid problems , so full wipe by twrp recovery or by fastboot commands ( fastboot erase cache ) flash compatible boot . img by using fastboot commands ( fastboot flash boot bootfile . img ) full wipe your device then flash the rom . zip by using twrp , that is all .
no . installing packages is still a privilege reserved to the package manager , which is a system app ( i.e. . it is inside the rom ) , and the package manager does not offer an interface to avoid the confirmation dialog . this is by design . that said , if usb debugging is enabled ( in the developer options ) , you can use adb to install an apk file from a pc , with no user interaction . this possibility exists regardless of whether installing apps from " unknown sources " is enabled . usb debugging is a so-called secure option : only system apps can change it .
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
make sure the device is not connected to power through the usb . take out the battery if the device is on to turn it off . put the battery back in . for about 10 seconds hold the volume up , home key , and the power button to turn it back on . keep holding until the android system recovery menu loads . use the volume down button to navigate to wipe data/factory reset press the button with 4 squares ( menu ) . another menu will appear to confirm you want to wipe the data . use the volume to navigate down to yes and press the menu button . reboot the phone through the menu .
usually ota / kies updates do not wipe your data , but they might . try backing up with mybackup on the play store . there is a version for root and a version for non rooted phones . it will back up contacts ( possibly already on google ) , sms , mms etc etc , on to your sd card . to be totally sure there is no harm in copying the backup onto your pc just incase the worst happens . if you are rooted get titanium backup and you can backup all your apps and data just in case . it is often recommended to do a factory reset after an os update , but personally i have never needed to do that . and read up on what to do when updating , make sure you have your battery over 50% at the very least . some manufacturers recommend not having the phone charging while updating but afaik that is mainly htc 's recommendation .
just to add to rossc 's excellent answer - you can do a full backup via kies first to make sure you are safe : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/supportownersfaqpopup.do?faq_id=faq00029017fm_seq=29185 there have been reports of the restore failing , although it seems there is a workaround : cannot restore kies backup after firmware upgrade
try doing a data wipe and wipe the cache as well . i would then reinstall the cm7 package on the device . if the issue is specifically with cwm crashing , it could be because the partitions are sizes that cwm does not support . i had an issue like that with my nook color . i have a nerwer model and the data partitions were 5gb and the media partition was 2gb , the older versions had it reversed . i found a script that someone already created to put the partitions back to the old format and cwm worked fine after that . now , i am taking a shot in the dark here on this , as i do not have that device , nor have i really read anything about it or the issue you are describing .
(Menu button) More -&gt; Find on page .
if you " long-press " in the text field , one of the options that pops up , along with select all , copy all , etc is input method select that , and it should let you change your keyboard settings . most android keyboards also have a way to quickly change the language on the keyboard itself . on swype , you long press on the q to change language , on the samsung t9 keypad there is a " gear " button in the bottom-right that lets you change settings . do you know which ( t9 ) keyboard you are using ?
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
downlaod the android 2.3.4 user 's guide . read " change the keyboard language " on page 35 . on the android operating system , the keyboard language selection is specific for models that use a customised android version as for example is the case with htc phones . the nexus s uses the standard version issued by google , for which the quoted link applies . i can not find a user 's guide for the latest android version 2.3.6 but the procedure for setting more than one keyboard language and the procedure for language selection when writing texts is the same as with android 2.3.4 . does this answer help ?
i suppose you prob got a new phone by now or fixed it . but if you say the "The new battery charged once successfully" you mean you were able to charge it only with the phone off ? if so , sounds like you might have had a short circuit somewhere near the battery 's usb port connection , and only occurs when a certain circuit is on due to the phone being on . or it could be just something is loose . . . hard to tell from the details given . what i would do is try and take it apart again and see if anything got damaged or loose around that area . gotta keep in mind these devices are very delicate and use low voltages . you gotta do fixes like this as if they were " surgery " and take all precautions , proper tools , etc . a bit of static electricity discharging from your hand or even damaging the track in the board somehow can cause big time damage . tiny transistors are easily damaged by static electricity so always wear a anti-static wriststrap when doing these repairs . let us know what happened ! ?
it will indeed have english . the default language may be german , but it can be changed in the settings .
this depends upon the rom that you are using . if its stock , you are stuck , for most oems do not allow sending big reports as such . if its a google device , or any other device running aosp , then , the link you have posted is appropriate . be sure to provide as much related and useful info as possible . if you are running custom roms , they had often provide you with links , so as to where to post bug reports , ( most often being the thread itself ( assuming that you are using a custom rom taken from a forum ) ) , which is where you ought to be posting bug reports .
the dropbox app for android does not save files to a " folder " like the pc version does . android has stronger security and does not let apps access other apps ' files , so even if it did do that , the browser would not be able to read the image . when you choose to open a file that is listed in dropbox , the dropbox app creates a special uri that points to that one file . it uses an intent to start an activity to view that uri , and sets a special flag to say that the new activity ( in this case , the web browser ) has permission to access only that uri . that means that there is no path you can put in the html file that lets the browser read the image : it has dropbox 's permission to read only the file you clicked on . if you want to have a directory of html files and images that all load in the browser , you need to store it on the sd card ( rather than in one app 's data ) where any app can read and write any file . i do not believe the dropbox app has the feature of being able to sync directories on the sd card , but you could use another app to achieve that . for example , you could use an ftp client to sync the directory with one on an ftp server . the answers to this question have lots of suggestions for how to keep directories in sync with dropbox or another server .
i have dropbox installed on my moto droid v1 ( android os 2.2.2 ) . i placed an html file that referenced an image in a dropbox folder . the image was in a sub-folder . dropbox\folder\index . html dropbox\folder\img\image.jpg i first downloaded just the index . html and opened it in the htmlviewer . the image link is broken . i then downloaded the image.jpg file , then returned to index . html and viewed in htmlviewer . the image now appears properly . i am not sure if it has anything to do with it , but you may want to try switching your file extension to . html , and verify that the doctype of your file is set properly : &lt;!DOCTYPE html&gt; 
i discovered an app called gps test that assists in finding satellites by showing how many are currently in view . basically , i just move my phone around until i can pick up enough satellites . then i hold it still until my position has been locked in . after the lock-in i just use my phone like i normally would . i look like an idiot when i try to pick up a gps signal by holding my phone up weirdly , but at least it works now . for those of you who are interested , you can find a full write-up of my solution here . you can download the app for free on the google play store . by the way , i am on gingerbread now . samsung has released an official update since i posted my question a few weeks ago . as far as i can tell , the gps reception did not improve after updating .
typing *#*#3214789650#*#* worked for me once gpstest2 opens up you can then go to commands-> get position it gave me lock on some satellites and i was able to get my accurate position in maps without wifi and gprs i also found a useful app in android market known as ' gpsfix ' which pretty much does the same thing but it had trouble finding satellites when i was indoors .
without a data plan you actually have two big problems with gps . firstly without a dataplan the coarse location via network triangulation or wifi networks will not work properly , as your phone needs to query google 's central database of phone network tower ids , wifi point ids and their location , this is a huge amout of data that is updating constantly , so your phone only ever has a small cache of recent data for the location near where it was last needed . this means that with no dataplan your phone can not quickly get your rough location to help it out ( coarse location is accurate to anywhere from about 30m to 2 miles depending on your location , better in more urban areas , and you are missing out on this ) . if you have no data then another problem you will have is that your phone will almost never have the current assisted gps data . the gps satellites periodically transmit an almanac of all their current , precise actual locations ( which can vary from their predicted locations by quite a long way for various reasons ) , this data is only transmitted by the satellites on a very slow bandwidth transmission , rebroadcasting a few times an hour . most phones just connect to a server over the internet to quickly grab this almanac data , yours needs to wait until it is received the entire message from the satellites before it can properly calculate your location .
apparently samsung has a lot of problems handling the gps feature . it is no news that the galaxy s is really flawed regarding location ( see this ) . personally , using one , i have felt the pain , as i had the same problems . i do not know if the problem is the same with the gio , but some of the things i have tried were : turn gps off and then back on ; reboot the phone ; bang my head on the wall . it also appears that the problem tends to be resolved by upgrading the os . what is yours ? more : there are several ways to reduce the gps problem on the sgs , check that thread out , i hope you get some ideas for your problem . personally , i do not think the " death grip " is a problem , nevertheless you can make some tests to check out if it really makes a difference ( i actually do not know where the gps receiver is located within the phone ) . the fact that you have no internet connection is also not a factor . also make note that you can obtain a course location via network triangulation and/or wifi networks .
i found out that i can access gpstest2 ( similar to lbstestmode ) using the access code *#*#3214789650#*#*  could this help in trying any possible fixes ? my default settings are m-based , supl.google.com:7276.
if your net is enable , the agps module would be active , which can accelerate satellites searching . in my experience , if your apgs is active , you would locate your location in 5s~10s ( find day ) . that only gps locate your location is so slow that any guys can`t bear it . :- ) . so , try enable your wifi/3g net . by the way， the gps chip manufacturer provide an agps server , your mobile pad will connect this server by your net while you start gps location . sometimes , the server can not be accessed， but it`s little possibility . may good luck !
i have galaxy 3 ( gt-i5800 ) and 7" galaxy tab at hand , and i can confirm their gps performance is abysmal . it also seems to deteriorate over time . . unless i am imagining things . the best way to get lock is to be outside , stand still and open the google maps . it can still take minutes and sometimes it just does not get lock at all , but if you move , or start some random android app first , you can keep going for half an hour and not get a lock once . my guess is that samsung engineers are just plain bad at designing gps antennas and the software side is not brilliant either . i do not know how the gps could get worse over time except some connector coming loose or drivers accumulating crappy data , but that is how it feels in practice . the effect remained the same on the galaxy 3 after upgrade from android 2.1 to 2.2 . if anything , it went worse .
try installing " gps booster " from the android market ( nay , google play ) . it runs automatically once you start your gps and enhances the performance of the in-built gps unit . to maintain a gps lock you can also consider installing tracker booster . it is easy to use and can be run in the background . i hope this helps .
i also recently purchased the galaxy gio s5660 and was quite disappointed as it seemed the gps did not work at all . i had to enable the location assist just to get some form of location that seemed vaguely accurate and even then its best only went to 120m accuracy . i installed both gps test ( as mentioned by pieter above ) and gpsfix from the android store and now i get up to 4m accuracy indoors . i have not tested this in real navigation conditions as yet but the change so far is very impressive . it seems both gps test and gpsfix improve the agps functionality by updating some information on the phone . gps test does this via the menu - settings - update agps . to check i restarted the phone and then tried gps test again . within 20 seconds i had a fix with 4m accuracy . i was not moving during my tests which can also have an impact as suggested by others . i also have the galaxy s2 and found that the s2 detect the satellites from the same location with much better strength . this to me indicate the antenna of the gio is not that good . i attempted to change the position of the phone , removed the back cover , and tried some strange looking stances but no real improvement . my phone configuration : samsung galaxy gio gt-s5660 android : 2.2.1 baseband : s5660xxkb9 kernel : 2.6.32.9-perfroot@dell104 #1 build : froyo . xxkc4
the consequences of disabling the ril daemon ( rild ) is hardware dependent . because ril is getting more and more involved in all aspects of radio related items , including wifi . the easiest way to stop ril is by killing rild . but you need to have a rooted device to do this . open a command shell and get root prompt ( # ) . # kill -9 `pidof rild`  you can then check the current status with : # getprop |grep init.svc.ril ... [init.svc.ril-daemon]: [stopped] [init.svc.ril-qmi]: [stopped]  to restart rild you have to point it to the right device and library files . you can find what these are with : # getprop | grep rild.lib ... [rild.libargs]: [-d /dev/smd0] [rild.libpath]: [/system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so]  then restart with*: # rild -l /system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so -- -d /dev/smd0  * ps . i have not actually tried this line , so feel free to edit this post . it is possible you also need to supply the correct se context to su as well . . .
i think any auto-update/notification settings relate to apps installed via the play store , not the play store itself . that is updated occasionally by google . you could try and force an update , if you are convinced one is available and that you are missing it , by going into the application manager and uninstalling updates for play store , then clear data , and clear cache , then running the app again and seeing if it forces the download of a newer version . ( incidentally , i have the s3 too , and am currently on v4.1.10 of the play store . which version are you on ? )
wifi analyzer is a great app for viewing wifi information
open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
if you are using stock keyboard , then go to the symbols ( ? 123 , bottom left ) , then press alt ( alt , vertically second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is third from top-left . if on htc ime , then go to symbols ( 12# , horizontally second from bottom right ) , go to the second page ( 1/2 , horizontally second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is the fifth character in the third row , and the broken pipe character is the sixth character in the second row .
http://www.oneclickroot.com/phone/celkon-a95/ this should help you in rooting it .
i did faced the same problem , but resolved successfully in second attempt . see if you have any usb autorun restrictions for usb devices , i do have usb security software installed , which disables autorun feature for all external devices connects to pc either usb or any optical drive . try lengthened the display timeout for your mobile device ( i set it to 30 minutes ) to ensure your device do not got disconnected and system re-connects it during upgrade process . there was a failure for my first upgrade attempt , i waited for around 40 minutes ( after firmware download completed from samsung server ) , then i removed the usb cable and kies asked whether i want to stop upgrade process or not ? i chose yes and closed the program . after that i restarted my device and i saw an empty battery and the device went off , i restarted the device after connecting the usb cable and now i saw a green battery with small dots below showing progress , simultaneously i saw a window showing me to enable emergency repair for firmware , i followed steps and that was not successful , but my device was working perfect after that process . i followed the first 2 steps mentioned above and then ran the upgrade process again and it was a smooth process upgrading the firmware successfully . thanks .
i disconnected the cable kies popped up an error message which said , the upgrade failed and offered to try to recover for me . by following the instructions on screen i was able to recover my device .
galaxy s 's are nearly unbrickable , i have never heard of one being bricked apart from the ( very few ) hardware locked ones . firmware updates have quite often failed for me and worked the next time i tried . so i would go ahead and unplug it and retry . the likely worst case is that you will need to use odin .
i had faced same problem on windows 7 . then i tried updating firmware from windows xp and it worked without any problem .
if you are encountering issues or lack of update make sure that your kies window is maximized before proceeding with the update . the hidden popups do happen and you will otherwise not be able to find them . once the window is maximized the popups get focus and you should be able to proceed with the update .
i had the exact experience tramster had . i did not wait nearly as long however . in all i tried about 5 times . my best theory is a loss of connection through a flaky usb connection . i switched from the front usb port on my computer to the back one . eventually it crashed during an emergency reset . i thought i was in trouble . i the emergency reset again , which completed . i was shocked to see that it did not revert to the previous version , but installed the update instead ! bonus . another kies problem ; long file extensions . remove or rename all files with a period ( . ) followed by more than 16 characters . this is particularly common with imported music files . " dance by dr . know featuring rx-man " for example has what the device sees as a very long extension . remove the dr . and you are good to go . connect in usb mode on the computer and do a search for * . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? * to find all the offending files . i found . one . file . that . had lots of periods . that will not be a problem though because none of them are longer than 16 characters .
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
i had a similar problem after upgrading from stock 2.3.3 to rooted jvr 2.3.4 . after the upgrade pretty much every app and background process constantly force closed - including launcherpro . by pressing and holding the home button very quickly after i closed the fc messages i was eventually able to bring up the " recent apps " window , then select task manager , and from there i was able to uninstall launcherpro . however after a bit more mucking around i decided to do a factory reset , as pretty much every app on the phone was broken . before i did the upgrade i had backed up my call logs and sms messages , and used listables to generate a html file with all of my installed apps , and i used this list to install the apps i wanted to keep again .
also , try using safe mode . you have not mentioned which device and version of android you are using , so it is hard to help .
did you have web install working ? then you can try installing an alternative launcher through the web-based android market , and that will ( hopefully ) cause the default launcher to be reset .
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
i have not tried this myself , but it seems to be possible using the xposed framework and its appsettings module – provided your device is rooted . from its announced features : force orientation ( portrait/landscape/auto )
i managed to remap the caps lock key to ctrl using external keyboard helper pro . it was really straightforward , just poke around in the settings and you will find a way to create a custom mapping ( keycode 58 --> left control ) .
attempting to force stop mediaserver might help if the problem exists within videos too .
the only real way to control these apps is to remove them . android does not provide any fine-grained settings to control the odd behaviors of individual apps .
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
you can try to install it directly from this page - http://www.1mobile.com/kindle-13239.html however , be warned that due to certain geographical restrictions , the app may not work as intended if not supported . re : your market app not connecting - can you browse the net or connect other apps ? can you sync your google account on your device ? what tablet do you have ?
on windows xp , connectify is limited to ad-hoc networking : support for windows 8 , 7 , xp , and vista – xp and vista ad-hoc mode only android does not support ad-hoc networks without modification or manual configuration ( which will require rooting the device ) .
sadly that is a limit of android kit-kat the " options " i see are : not to use mysms for sending via web , and have gosms as default sms app set mysms as default sms app , in order to send via web wait until and if in the future mysms support that feature ie . sending via sim without having the default privileges find an other app that may fit both of your needs . eg . a quite similar app is hola sms but it also needs to be default in order to work properly : ( on the other hand if you buy credits for it you can send web to sms with sender your phone number so nobody can understand that it is not a sim message . then setting it as default once in a while the messages will be synced and added to your phone .
i had this same problem today on my s3 , although it was not just deleting that did not work . nothing i did within my phone 's gmail app would sync properly--archiving , marking as read , etc . i was able to fix it by clearing cache , and clearing data ( both found on the app info page--settings-> manage apps ) . once i did this , i had to reboot , as gmail kept crashing . after a reboot , everything was back to normal .
are you using the gmail app or the htc mail app ? the first one , gmail app , will have everything synced right away . the other option , using htc mail will be using a pop/imap account for accessing your gmail . in that case you can update the pop/imap settings in your gmail account logging in with a browser and going to your settings . there you can choose if you want messages to be deleted or not .
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
i believe this happens on very large playlists ( > 100 files ) . i use doubletwist to sync and my large playlist is always out of order in gpm no matter what i try . fortunately the dt music player does not appear to use the playlist after creating it ; but instead uses its own database for the order .
i have the same problem on my nexus 5 with kitkat 4.4.2 . i have around a 100 tracks probably a bit less and the sequence in most albums is wrong . tried to clear the app data to rebuild its database but the problem remains . so annoying , pity because i love this app 's ui ! i think this is just a bug that needs to be reported and made more evidentbfor them to fix it .
had the same issue for say 50-75 files and when i reported to the developer at the bottom they asked me to simply update the app . later in the next release this bug appeared again so i simply disabled the app and went for another player or another player .
doubletwist was built for a similar purpose and does the job well . to use it , you can simply install the mac app and the android app and use their doubletwist sync feature to synchronize itunes with android .
most of these properties are in /system/build . prop ( or a file like that ) . but i believe the android.os.build.serial is actually set when the device first boots . the system gets the device serial number and adds it to the properties . i actually found a commit in some cyanogenmod code that you can see how exactly it is set : ( now this does say it is somewhat of a hack , but it is set when the device boots ) . from git : 57| sprintf(buf, "ro.serialno=%s", serial); 
you may get what you want , if you find a model that includes this functionality already ( like e.g. the older archos g9 tablets did ) but it will not work out of the box for most models . there is the autopatcher project ( thread on xda ) that enables 3g dongles for modem-less tablets ( but it is limited to certain custom roms like cyanogenmod , aosp , rooted google stock android and others ) . regarding the power question : that is up to the exact model and you will need to find out by trial and error or get that info from searching google/specs/etc . the same applies to your last question ( but in general , those tv sticks are built to be plugged in and out and need to survive sudden power losses just as phones need to because they tend to run out of battery juice ) .
if you have not created a system backup ( sometimes called nandroid ) before updating , you have only one option : install an android 4.2 through recovery or flash and then do a factory reset .
which version is your nexus 4 running on ? 4.4 ( krt16s ) or 4.4.2 ( kot49h ) check by going into Settings &gt; About &gt; Build Number 4.4.2 ( kot49h ) is newer and fixes a lot of the bugs from 4.4 ( krt16s ) . you might try updating if you are running a lower version . you can revert back to 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) via : factory reset manual flash ( stock image here ) a system backup image as for the google play services battery drain : afaik it is caused by google now always accessing your location reporter and also waking up the phone from time to time . known solutions : disable the location reporter or prevent google now from accessing your location turn off high accuracy when location reporting ( gps ) is not in use simply turn google now off one more thing to take into concern are the updates . have you updated all the stock google apps . if not , just leave your nexus on wifi for a while to update all the google goodies and then try using it for a while on kitkat . if you notice the battery drain again revert back to jelly bean or simply try applying a solution from above to see if it fixes the drain .
i am not sure what device you have or whether you have rooted it so i will show you a few options . this should work for samsung devices that still have the sock file manager . http://www.tomshardware.com/faq/id-1772970/set-default-download-location-card.html this app will work if you have rooted your phone . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=frank.tools.defaultinstalllocationchangerhl=en if neither of those you should be able to do it this way but it may be a tad tricky if your not very tech savvy http://getandroidstuff.com/install-android-application-sd-card-mod-install-location/
you can go to settings-applications-preffered install location and change it from internal phone memory to sd card and yo apps will download just fine though if u remove the card , they will disappear . . . . the second option is quite long but its something to do with a software that allows you to allocate some of your memory card space to internal memory for example you allocate 5gb of your memory card to internal memory and then u will have plenty of space to download your apps . . . google about it
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
you can manage my contacts ( it is a system group , it should be there by default , you can create a new one also ) in your gmail contacts , and then select those only you want to sync with phone , move everything else to other groups . when you will add the google account to your device , go to contacts and select display options , and choose the my contacts group only . ( or whatever you created ) this will limit the contacts appearing in the contacts list .
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
for newer phones , you can use automagic , which has almost all of the functionality of tasker ( at the time of this writing , and expanding ) and has a much better interface for editing your sequences . it also makes use of the newer holo themes on android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later .
i have installed go keyboard and deactivated the phone 's default autocorrect and spell checker . this seems to have solved the autocorrect dictionary problem , and i am happy . seems to be an issue with the factory software from huawei . . . maybe . dunno .
an . apk is simply a . zip file . but unfortunatedly any app build for ' release ' will probably be protected by proguard .
even if proguard was used you still can get some interesting insights . here is a stackoverflow question with a detailed explanation : android : getting source code from an apk file . youtube video with a detailed guide . and a blog entry about that : how to retrieve source code from an android apk file .
if you get lucky and your .apk file was not protected by proguard or analog , you can use apk tool . it is a tool for reverse engineering 3rd party , closed , binary android apps .
there are some apps for pgp on android : openkeychain agp
interestingly , the issue was resolved by an update . my mother 's galaxy tab runs gmail 4.1.2 , mine seems to have been updated to 4.3 at some point , and one of the things this update did is add swipe to archive . the answer seems to be , " get the newer version "
this feature is not built into android , but there is an app - desksms , that allows you to do what you are asking . it does , however , require the use of a browser plugin .
you might want to take a look at e.g. airdroid , which offers a little more than just sms stuff : this app establishes a service on your android device , and you can connect to it via your favorite web browser : manage your files , contacts , sms , and more . no special client-soft necessary on your pc ( except for the web browser ) . if you want something more close to your nokia suite experience , take a look at myphoneexplorer client : here you need a special pc component ( available for download on the developers homepage ) . but then you can synchronize lots of things with your pc ( windows only ! ) , like e.g. your calendar with outlook etc .
sorry i am a bit late to the conversation . you could checkout popmyphone on the google play store . it sends/receives sms through your email , and works if your phone only has3g . if you receive an sms it will popup in your email system on your desktop/laptop/tablet . you can reply and the sms goes from your gs2 . search for popmyphone . there is nothing you need to install on your desktop/laptop/tablet or anything else that can receive email . disclosure : i am affiliated to the people who develop popmyphone
not sure if you are still looking for a better solution . but i recommend to try mysms . it is the best that i found ( and i tried desksms , airdroid , browsertexting and mightytext ) , and i am using it for a while now . it replaces your stock sms app on your galaxy sii and lets you text from your pc at app.mysms.com. messages are synced across your phone and computer . until now the app has never let me down ! if you also use a tablet , they have also an app for it .
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
i got it : we need to copy those SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe to the sdk root folder , i needed to copy them to C:\android-sdk\ , this is because , SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe are looking for tools .
it is because it is looking for a relative path from the . . . /sdk/tools/lib/ folder , as that is where you are running the exe from . i have not run windows in a while , so bear with me , but if you open a command line , navigate to the . . . /sdk folder , then run the sdk manager from there by typing tools/lib/SDK Manager.exe  i suspect it will work . for easier access , you can create a shortcut to the sdk manager on the desktop , open the properties of the shortcut and change the ' start directory ' ( ? ) to the base . . . /sdk folder . let me know if this does not work .
settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings -> ( menu ) advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy -> never .
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
i am not sure where you would find one , but you could try sideloading the flash player app from the play store as installed on another hc 3.1.0 device and see whether that can display flash content any better .
what is the partition format of the sd card ? fat does not supports symlinks , although i believe it should be possible to create a symlink in ext3 that points to a fat directory . also , there are operations that even root are not allowed to do , such as writing to a read-only drive or writable drives that are mounted read-only . what is the output of ' mount ' command ? also , your command looks fishy ; try using absolute path ( i.e. . do not prepend the path with ./ , instead prepend with / ) : $ su # ln -s /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd 
it seems a database for the browser may bloat for some reason , if you are root you can check the files in /data/data/com . android . browser , see if one of them is unnecessarily huge , and move/delete it .
assuming by " internet " it means the default browser , then you should be able to go to browser settings to delete history and other cached data ( press menu button on the browser , then select more , then settings ) . as for contacts , if your address book are synced to your gmail address book , you can clear data in the manage applications . after a short while , the contact app will resync to gmail address book hopefully without the facebook contacts .
you should try another aux cable , it is possible that the trrs layout does not match the phone 's jack layout .
the reason for the different behavior is that dropbear was using a different shell than the terminal app . a workaround would be to just use the same shell as the terminal app : echo "/system/bin/sh" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  note that this is in contrast to the cyanogenmod wiki , which instructs you to use the busybox shell : /system/xbin/busybox sh
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
i had problems with my texting immediately after leaving the cricket store . this may not be your problem with the conversion , but as far as people not receiving mms , try fixing your apn . you will have to research how to do it on your phone and get the correct apns for your phone carrier , as i do not have access to that specific phone . this may at least help you with people not getting mms from you .
you can not prevent that . if the system ( or app ) reload the content , this is because it has decided to reload it . there is no option to prevent that . but you can create your own browser that will handle the resume as you want ; )
you may try to use swap memory . it works for certain amount of time and relies on the quantity of apps you have got open at the same time and how heavy they are . research about it , but you need unlocked bootloader and being root . other option could be a device with more ram ( > = 1gb ram ) . cheers .
just uncheck " do not keep activities " from the " developer options " under general android settings .
firmware is a bit of a loose term . with android you can assume that all firmware updates are android updates , even if it is only a minor version update . it is rare that a new bootloader or something would be pushed out with no changes to the os . anyways , android has lots of services running in the background all the time . unless it is consuming your battery &mdash ; it is probably idle and not using any &mdash ; it is not a problem . running task killers is a great way to make your battery life worse and destabilize your phone , so definitely do not do that . finally , android is customized to varying extent by the manufacturers . most of them at least change the launcher , which can make the homescreen look different . the fact that it looks different from the stock android homescreen is not surprising : )
if you have rom manager before , then you can install any rom which you will find on different sites
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
check the time zone you have set in Settings-&gt;Date and time and make sure that it is correct . i had the same problem on my samsung phone and this fixed it .
short answer is yes you can . long answer is below but basically it depends on your device , your bootloader and if someone has figured out an exploid to unlock the bootloader yet . more information : from this link you can see the difference : what is bootloader and why unlock it ? in literal terms , bootloader is code that is executed before any operating system starts to run . bootloaders basically package the instructions to boot operating system kernel and most of them also have their own debugging or modification environment . as the bootloader kicks off before any piece of software on your device , it makes it extremely processor specific and every motherboard has it’s own bootloader . every android phone has a bootloader that instructs the operating system kernel to boot normally . why is it locked ? a bootloader is usually locked on an android device because although it’s an open source os , still the manufacturers want you to stick to their android os version specifically designed for the device . in order to apply this concept , manufacturers lock the bootloader . with a locked bootloader on android devices , it is virtually impossible to flash a custom rom and forced attempts void warranty as well as usually end up in bricks . why should i unlock ? the explanation to this question is really simple . if you want root , you’d be wanting to flash custom rom post-root , and if you want to install a custom rom , you’d need to have your stock bootloader unlocked . in simple terms unlocking the bootloader allows you to install custom firmware on your android phone warning : unlocking your phone’s bootloader voids its warranty . it also completely wipes ( formats ) your android phone’s internal memory including applications , contacts , sms and mms messages etc . just a quick note… . root can be achieved without unlocking the bootloader but that requires an exploit that is discovered by a developer . this quick note is the important part really . it has to be discovered by a developer , so it depends on the device and if someone has figured out the exploit and released tools for you to do it . htc let you unlock your bootloader through htc dev site but others will not give you an inch on this .
here 's some ways to update your firmware , from easiest to harder ( not necessarily hardest ) . ota ( over the air ) update . trigger it via Settings &gt; About &gt; Software update . kies . install kies on your pc , run kies , and connect your mobile phone to your pc using usb cable . there is an update function in the kies software . odin ( windows ) . this is a 3rd-party tool that you use to flash ( or install , in layman 's terms ) a stock ( or default ) rom or custom rom on your phone . you will need to download odin and the custom rom or stock rom from somewhere . there are several guides on google on how to flash a stock / custom rom for samsung galaxy s2 . for linux , you can use heimdall .
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
if you have the fb messenger app installed on your droid , go to the apps and open messenger ( fb blue app next to messaging ) . press the menu button ( the 4 small squares on front of droid ) and you should see the option to log out on the right . be careful , once you log out there it says continue . if you continue , it just logs you back in . so , just leave it at that and go back to the app and continue when you do want to be logged into fb chat .
unfortunately , i have noticed that you actually can not do this as well as it is supposed to work . the only solution i have found is to uninstall the app . i know that many providers and manufacturers include facebook as a " system app " . i do not know why they have , but it means it is stuck there until you root or whatever . you can logout of the facebook app and either use m . facebook . com in a web browser or download an alternative like friendcaster for android . ( i do not work for them , look for another if you do not like them ) . joe : )
in the official facebook for android app , you can shut off chat via the following : start up facebook make sure you are in the main menu ( press back if it shows the news feed ) click " chat " press the menu button and hit " go offline "
can i install anything that runs on ubuntu ? no , you can install anything , but it may not work . you need to find packages and programs matching your hardware architecture . for example , in common case programs compiled for x86 architecture will not run at all on your smartphone , because phone has different cpu type - usually arm7 .
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
i have seen openoffice . org running on debian on an openmoko freerunner . that does not mean it was a good idea , but i have seen it done . : ) if there is an arm build of a package , you should be able to get it to at least run . the limitations is that things may not always be supported by free software - even the venerable dream ( g1 ) has binary drivers . there are projects reverse-engineering these drivers ( as of this writing , the ril has been reversed and gps ( not agps ) works . )
options : auto reboot f . reset time files [ download ] pda : . tar file source : androidcentral
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
no . since you mentioned the battery duration is hours shorter , it must be the usage not the charger .
it is not quite an exact answer , but i try : i noticed the same behaviour on other devices too : my nook color 's supplied cable and wall charger feeds it with 2a . when using a normal cable this is limited to 0.5a ( or so ) . when charging with 0.5a the nook shows 100% far quicker than it can be possible but starts charging ( silently ) in the background again . my guess is this : the device sometimes sucks more power during usage than your charger unit can supply and the internal charging circuit then decides to stop charging and shows 100% capacity reached from that time on . this might be to prevent charge/uncharge waves when your car charger does not supply your device 's max power usage . some car chargers only provide 450ma . . . or do not have a stable enough voltage ouput . this is the standard for generic usb chargers : en-62684
if you get the directions for a route , you can pull the bottom white bar up to see the detailed , written instructions . you can also drag the bottom white bar to the left to see more of the available routes .
best option is to get a bluetooth with fm ( sony mw600 ) . once paired to yr nexus 5 . when you will get calls the fm will stop and resumes after yr call is disconnected .
afaik , nexus 5 does not have a fm radio ( just checked the specs at gsmarena . com ) . so , you cannot listen to your local fm broadcast and should rely only on online radio stations .
as ramni said , its good to go for bluetooth head set with fm . it serves 2 main purpose . connect to your through bluetooth ( wireless ) , so that you can answer call and listen to music stored in your phone . since it has in built radio , you can use it with out your phone for listening to radio while taking morning walk or some thing . but the drawback is . device is little expensive . need to charge the device .
you cannot remap hardware buttons without root , but if you do not want to root your phone there are some soft key apps which " work " ( they look bad to me , but if they are satisfactory i guess it would work ) . for how to do remapping or use better soft keys look below : the first step in this process will be of course to root you phone ( the linked instructions are just one i found on google , feel free to look for others ) . from here you have two options , either use soft keys or remap your hardware keys . soft keys : -you can either grab an app to do this for you , or install a custom rom ( for example cyanogenmod ) that has the feature built in . just google " android soft keys " for some app options . hardware keys : buttonremaper look for hardware key remapping on google for more options . let me know if you have any questions .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you don’t have time now , over the next few days you’ll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , you’ll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
i chose the desire hd over the galaxy for a couple of fairly qualitative unscientific reasons . i have had good experience with other htc android phones ( i adored my htc magic ) . to my eyes at least , the samsung galaxy has been styled to look just like an iphone 3g . if i wanted something that looked like an iphone , i would get an iphone . on a more scientific level . as has been mentioned , while the desire hd is still clocked at 1ghz , it is snapdragon is the latest revision , made with the smaller process than the old desire , and with the improved graphics . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_%28processor%29 the screen on the desire is also bigger ( and to my eyes awesome ) , but most reviews i have read say the colour and sharpness of the galaxy is better . the desire hd is also a big package overall , it may be a little too large for some pockets , i do not know how much more comact ( if any ) the galaxy is .
it really depends what you mean by superior . the desire hd will be basically the same as the existing desire but with a 4.3" screen and will have the same amount of internal storage as the galaxy s . the desire hd will have 768 mb of ram instead of 512 mb on the galaxy s . but the desire hd will have the same snapdragon processor as the old desire , whereas the galaxy s has the superior hummingbird . however , the desire hd will have a 8 mp camera whereas the galaxy s only has 5 mp , and the desire hd has dual led camera flash whereas some of the galaxy s phones do not have a flash at all . that sums up the major differences , and personally i would lean toward the desire hd , but you should compare for yourself and see what better fits your needs : htc desire hd specifications samsung galaxy s specifications
you should go to settings -> security and check the option : unknown sources ( or something like that ) . then your tablet would allow you to install apps from everywhere .
i was able to resolve the issue by calling sprint and having them fix it on their end . looks like gv does not properly give the phone number back when you remove the service from your phone on their website and dial *38 .
to auto answer your calls : go to google.com/voice then click on the settings button then go to the tab called " calls " change the call screening setting to " off " then " save changes "
i have had a similar issue with my new mobile , razr maxx running ics . it turned out to be an overzealous car hud application that consumed cpu cycles even when not running . uninstalling it solved the problem . what confused me initially was that android os was shown as the main battery drainer and not the app itself . since you had the same issue with your previous phone , this suggests a misbehaving application that you have installed on both . i would try turning off gps and mobile data/wi-fi and observe whether the battery continues to drain at a similar alarming rate . if it is the internet connection that triggers the problem , this is likely due to an ad-supported application unsuccessfully trying to phone home .
check the running services . you will know what is running unnecessarily . i closed these , and i could immediately see a change in speed .
another very common source of galaxy nexus slowdowns is quite a nasty hardware/firmware issue documented here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39154 . this will probably affect you if you have less than 3 to 4gb storage free . there are some workarounds but they involve root and thus possible warranty invalidation . i found that clearing out some storage and rebooting does help somewhat , but have not yet tried the workarounds .
this looks like it could be an issue with certain background services malfunctioning . try observing the background services and disable some of them to see if you might hit the culprit . to do it in a way that is less hit and miss , there are several battery app in the market or you can use ics native battery monitor to see if there are anything that are consuming more battery than it really should .
there is launchstats which should work as is on versions up to ( including ) android 4.0 ice cream sandwich . this app scans the system logs for all app starts since the device was booted and extracts the data you want . however starting with 4.1 jelly bean the necessary read_logs permission has been restricted to system apps due to security concerns . it is still possible , but you need to grant that manually via the developer console on your pc ( adb is part of the android sdk ) :  adb shell pm grant de.goddchen.android.launchstats android.permission.READ_LOGS  see more background on how to grant this permission here . you also need to enable adb debugging on your phone in the developer options .
the android system stores statistics on this , which on most devices can be accessed via a hidden menu : open your dialer type *#*#4636#*#* a menu will open . the 3 rd entry should read " usage stats " ( or something similar ) . tap this . you should see a list of your apps , which tells for each app how often it was started , and how long it ran . using the drop-down box on top , the list can be sorted by usage time , usage count , or app name . remark : afaik this list will be reset when you restart your device . edit : in case your device provides no dialer ( thanks @ce4 for pointing out my lapsus ) , it will require some searching to find the appropriate menu , but it is doable . some launchers ( e . g . apex launcher ) provide the possibility to create shortcuts to " activities " ( rawly : screens provided by apps ) . long-tap a free space on your homescreen , then select " shortcuts " , then " activities " . now scroll through the quite long list to find it . on my lg optimus 4x the activity is called " test " and has a " gear " icon ( same as the " settings " app has in this menu ) , so that is the first place to look for : scroll to " settings " , open the drop-down , look for " test " .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
1- root your phone . 2- install cwm 3- create a second partition on the sd card . 8 gb card = second partition 3 gb . leaves you 5 gb storage . 4- install link2sd from google store . link all apps to the second partition . in that way you have all widgets available . 5- you will never have low memory problems again . . .
the reason why you still see those ads when you have blocked internet is because they are cached . if you erase the app data , then you will not see those ads , but all login information ( if used ) will also be deleted . there is not any specific process on the android system that is responsible for fetching ads . the application itself fetches the ad . so unless you find a way to kill a thread on the app that fetches those ads , you will not be able to do anything . your best course of action is to : buy the paid version of the app . ( supports developers :- ) ) install some adblocker app . ( might require root . ) bear with the ads .
such ads are not fetched from the internet , they are built into the app . usually the ads would feature some other app from the same developer .
the fact that you are rooted is great , because that means that you can isolate the problem by trying to switch to another rom . if the problem disappears , then it was software related and it is then solved : ) i suggest you look at galaxy mini android development on xda-developers and find a rom that you think looks nice . ( i am noting one of them now has the word " wifi fix " in it ) . do not forget to install a custom kernel after the rom if the instructions tell you to do so , you do not want to run a flashy new rom with an old kernel . the reason new rom + kernel is something that is important to try is that these components regulate the functions you mentioned ( wifi , bluetooth etc ) , so by replacing them completely we know if there might be a hardware malfunction or if there was some kind of software bug to begin with .
did you try hot booting ? if your android device starts acting funny , what do you do ? that’s right , you reboot the device and everything goes back to normal . but , what if there was a faster way to solve your issues ? many times , the culprit of any and all failures is the shell itself . this can be easily terminated via any of the available task managers out there , but here is a better solution . xda member appelflap has developed an app that will only reboot the android shell . this has several advantages , like the fact that you will not have to go through menus and/or lists of apps to find the shell to stop it . also , it is faster than performing a soft reset . and best of all , it is a one touch kill . source : http://www.xda-developers.com/windows-mobile/reboot-the-shell-only-with-hot-reboot-for-android/ unfortunately i could not find the app the developer made . the linked application thread only contains the text " on market now " with no name or anything to follow up . so you might want to try searching on play store for hot reboot . in my htc desire running ics there is option to hot reboot which boots my phone from boot animation . i am not sure but i do feel its a tleast twice faster than normal reboot . there are some claim that hot reboot is twice faster as well . for eg : http://www.intomobile.com/2010/09/29/hot-reboot-android-video/
have you tried this app or similar ones like this - fast reboot - google play . you could also try disabling some apps from auto starting via apps like these - startup manager - google play another thing to do could be to install a custom rom , which may have lesser bloatware but may come at expense of stability . in custom roms you may also have option to disable boot-animations , although the difference would not be much .
things that would be cleared are anything that is not saved , open applications , etc . for example , if you were playing a game , and just pressed the home key the game would go to the background and be paused . when you restart your phone , you will lose that game ( up until the last point it saved ) . other things that you leave half finished , such as an unwritten email might get lost , but even that is unlikely because i notice android pretty much makes sure i never lose anything . it is not a bad idea to restart your device once in a while , but you really do not have to worry about losing anything . it is safe .
2 places to check : settings -> wireless and network -> usb settings , and select " ask on connection " . settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging [ disable usb debugging ]
try removing and reinserting your sd card .
you might have a broken cable and/or connector : install alogcat and unplug the usb cable then clear the logs , then re-plug the usb cable . you should see something like this : if it is just something like this , your connection is not detected ( broken cable , . . . ) :
when i experience this , turning the phone off and on again with the usb connected seems to make it work . i recommend you turn it on and off again .
just slide downwards and tap " usb connected " . from there , you will see the " connect usb storage " button . just tap it , and wait for the android image to change from green to orange . now , you are connected .
use odin 3.09 specifically find stock firmware ( i use sammobile.com ) try factory dongle to force odin donwload mode ( if you cant get into download mode ) flash
things to try i would say take off the batteries , put them back , go to download mode , and reflash the rom . better off download it again to be 100% certain it is ok ( even if it is , sometimes certain roms happen to work only after a couple times flashing ) . also read the documentation of the rom in case it needed your storage to be in a different filesystem format ( ext4 or whatever ) .
yes , it is possible . one of the advantages of rooting is the ability to control the operating system that resides on your phone . with that control , you can change the version of android . there are two ways to go about doing this : flash the stock image https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images install a custom rom . if you know what an operating system is on a computer , a rom is basically an os for your phone . just check xda-developers for some great custom roms that offer any android experience , with additional features ! i know for a fact cyanogenmod still have not released a kitkat based version and offer a close to stock ( unmodified ) experience with features that are actually useful . i would recommend to try them out . enjoy the freedom !
if you are on a tablet running recent version of android os ( 4.3 and above ) , you can create a restricted user profile for your child . there you can simply disable access to the app which you used to limit the volume . for older versions of android os on tablets and on phones ( restricted profiles are disabled for phones even on latest android os versions , ) you can try various " app protector " type of apps , that provide password-based mechanisms for restricting access to various installed apps .
if you have tasker , you could create a task that detects when the volume is changed . if it goes higher than x , it will run a task to reduce the volume back to x . tasker also lets you password protect groups of events , and you can enable tasker to be an administrator on the device . your child would be able to breifly set the volume higher , but it would always reduce back down . they could not disable the tasker event without the passcode , and they could not uninstall or disable tasker since it is a device admin . of course , they could always get around it somehow , such as clearing the data on the app or figuring out how to remove the administrator flag so that tasker could be removed . it is a cat and mouse game . but this solution should suffice for people who are not as technically minded .
have you installed and used the dolphin desktop toggle add-on ? is it not what you were looking for ? although , not an automatic method , it does make switching user agents much less painful . else , you might also try accessing the mobile version of sites that render better by using their url e.g. http://m.twitter.com or http://m.gmail.com or mobile . website . com etc .
to answer your first question , yes . may i recommend paranoidandroid gapps for a reliable source of current gapps . to your second question : make sure you do a wipe before you install your system rom and gapps . sidenote , its quite possible there are outstanding bugs in your rom . for this reason i highly recommend following guides on xda developers
you can try to install a webdav server to the android device , then mount the webdav server as a drive on windows 7 . here is a free webdav server from google play ( of course , there are many other webdav servers in google play ) . and the steps to mount the webdav server as a drive on windows 7 .
there are several ways to do it . unfortunately it is not as easy as it should be . follow the instructions here : http://www.7tutorials.com/how-map-drives-windows-7 if you already have the share in file explorer , for instance after inserting an usb device , right click on the share and select map drive and select a drive letter .
in order to assign a drive letter to a removable device , that device must support ums ( usb mass storage ) protocol . unfortunately most newer android phones , especially those without a removable sd card , do not support ums . instead , they support mtp ( media transfer protocol ) and ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) protocols . in such devices it is not possible to map storage as a drive in windows . see more details on this superuser . com question . with that said , on some selected samsung and sony android devices it is possible to enable the ums mode for external storage only ( sd card ) . see this app . also , if your goal to simply copy files to and from an android device via command prompt , adb will allow you to do so . this utility is part of android sdk tools . you will need usb drivers for your android phone to be installed , usb debugging activated in developer settings on the phone , and authorize the pc to debug the phone ( via a prompt on the device . ) after that is done , you will be able to use adb push and adb pull commands to copy files and directories , and various linux shell commands via adb shell &lt;command&gt; ( e . g . adb shell ls /sdcard/ ) to navigate the directory structure on the phone .
does having the sync option enabled for an account literally mean that the account will remain synced with the mail server - regardless of type ? the sync option means your device will connect to the server automatically at established intervals . if your device sees what is on the server or simply download mails depends on which kind of connection you use ( imap --> emails stored on the server , pop --> you can keep local copies of emails , this is a giant simplification . ) if the answer to my first question is yes - is there a way to automatically download new email and receive notification when it arrives without having it disappear when i get around to downloading the message in outlook ? in other words - once the email is downloaded to the device i want it to stay on the device unless i delete it . you can configure you android email app to download copies of mails using pop protocol , but this is not the best option . in this case if you download some mail in your pc between connections of the android device this would not see the mails that arrived between the last connection and the connection of the pc . i think the best option is to configure your outlook to keep a copy of the emails on the server and keep your android device configured with imap and sync activated . with this configuration your android will see every mail you receive , and your outlook would have a copy of the mails you do not delete from the server using your android device . there is no ideal solution if you want to have a copy of each mail on each device .
the behavior you described is what i would expect from an account that uses both imap and pop protocols . your emails are deleted from the server when you open outlook and sync over pop but when you sync your phone over imap it keeps the mails on the server . you can get the desired behavior by switching your outlook sync protocol to imap . this keeps the emails on server and you have to manually delete them . also , you should check out k-9 mail , it is a better replacement for the stock email app .
thanks for the suggestions , but after thinking about it for a while i am going to try a completely different approach which better meets my objectives . i have added my other pop email accounts to my gmail account choosing for each to leave a copy of the email on the server after downloading into gmail . i will remove those other email accounts from my nexus , stop using the stock email app altogether , and rely solely on the gmail app to manage my email on the device . each email account has been labeled in gmail so i know which accounts the email is coming in from . the email on my device will now stay synced with gmail which will be unaffected by using outlook on my computer . outlook will stay unchanged - set to download all of the email from each separate account and remove the messages from the server at the same time . messages already downloaded into gmail will stay in gmail until i delete them . and most importantly i will not have to be worried about disappearing email on my device , i will still receive notifications on the device when new email arrives , and i do not have to be bothered with the buggy behavior of the stock email app . win-win-win .
i saw this , and also looked into it briefly . basically , as you are using your google account when buying the device , google will link your google account to your nexus device at the factory , and send your details to your email address . this means that the google account setup is already complete when you receive the device , so you can download apps as soon as you turn it on and enter your password . it is unlikely to be encrypted , however as the password has yet to be entered no sensitive information such as emails or card details can be access should someone else receive the device .
i have read about that phenomenon of some androids having trouble in mixed wpa/wpa2 mode a couple of times now . as you described , people solved it by using either wpa or wpa2 ( or even wep ) . so wpa2 only you tried ( but got trouble with your mac ) . any chances to pin it to only wpa ? wep would be a last-ressort , as it offers only marginal protection . remark : not sure about your settings for this , but in some cases people had ssid broadcast turned off on the router ; turning it on again ( i.e. . broadcasting the ssid ) solved the issue for some of them .
there are several ways to collect this type of information , i will be speaking about two that i use on a daily basis as to oversee what is going on with my devices : terminal using a terminal application , you are able to run linux commands like top or ps that provide information about the currently running processes : ps ps ( i.e. . , process status ) displays information about a selection of the active processes . top the top program provides a dynamic real-time view of a running system . it can display system summary information as well as a list of tasks currently being managed by the linux kernel . the terminal i most use is called android terminal emulator by jack palevich available from google play store . application there are several applications with the sole purpose of providing you with real-time information regarding the processes being executed , detailed information about apps and their system resources usage , system logs or system monitoring : android system info by electricsheep available from google play store . this app presents information divided with 5 tabs : dashboard an overview of you device important information : battery usage ; internal memory used/free ; sdcard size and free space ; ram ; etc . system all system information is presented here : os ; buildinfos ; battery ; memory ; telephony ; networks ; wifi ; cpu ; screen ; sensors ; features ; javaproperties ; and many more . just tap over each one to unfold the detailed information . tasks shows the total cpu load and cpu load/memory used for each process . you can tap a process to get more details about it ; kill the process or switch to the process . apps list of all installed apps , providing means to stop or uninstall an app . if you tap over an app , you have several options like : launch ; manage ; uninstall ; etc . additionally , you are able to see all the useful information about the package itself and in relation to your system , including all permissions he uses . logs provides you with your system logs . if you press " menu " the logs will be saved to your sd card .
the file places.sqlite stores history information . i suppose that if you manage to delete the entries you want from there and then sync your changes then these entries will not show up in your history . here is some info about editing this file
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
two things to check given gmail is already set to sync . first , double check you have notifications ticked inside the gmail app , this can be found by opening the left menu and opening the settings located at the bottom . secondly , in settings open data usage , then open the three dot menu and ensure that " auto-sync data " is on and " restrict background data " is off . note : these directions are based on stock 4.4 , if they do not correspond just let me know what phone and software version you have .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
it gets the name of the android oem front end interface : touchwiz for samsung htc sense for htc motoblur for motorola . . . for the " basic " version of android - i.e. the version embedded in nexus phones and tablets - people often refer to the android version as " stock android " . so what about " stock android ui " or " stock ui " in this case ?
go to settings-applications-usb debugging and enable that . if you are running ics , go to settings-developer options instead . now when you connect your phone via usb , it will show up as a mass storage device and you can directly copy files to/from the mass storage ( and sd card if you have one ) . try placing the certificate in the root directory of your sd card and then import it .
an i/o error may be indicative of filesystem corruption . if your device has a removable sd card , try removing it , putting it in a pc , and running a filesystem checker on it ( such as fsck on linux ) .
i had this problem recently with my milestone 2 . unfortunately i had to send it to service . now it works , but whole touch panel was replaced with a new one . just to clarify my problems : right column of touch panel ( above search button , btw it did not work as well ) did not work for more than one month . in more extreme weather conditions ( temperature below 0 celcius ) touch screen was pressed at random positions just like you have described .
this seems similar to an issue i had this summer : i ended up having to get a new phone . semi-dead zone on touch screen on droid 1 basically there was a horizontal bar worth of space on the screen that seemed to have random touches firing , and also in the same zone , it often was not registering my real touches . it was definitely a game of chance , and it was progressively getting worse . it got so bad i could not accept phone calls . there was a comment on mine that suggested it was an electrical connection problem that could cause inconsistent contact -- which explains the spazzing out on my phone . this could very well be your problem , too . i do not think it is a software issue . if you flashed a new image on there or restored a backup of before you started having issues and you are still having issues , that almost rules out software issue . though it is interesting that now you are having the opposite happen . but that is also similar to my problem , the fact that sometimes it would go crazy with click misfires , and other times it would be completely dead . if it is indeed the same problem i had , unfortunately it is not really a user-servicable solution . . you are gonna have to either get a new phone or a warranty/insurance claim . good luck to you ! maybe all the issues people are having with their touch screens will convince the manufacturers to start using quality wiring . ( not really , but one can wish , right ? )
this really does not sound like a software problem i am afraid . almost certainly hardware . your only choice really is to send it to the service center , as mentioned . sorry i could not be of more help . p . s before sending it to the service center , put the stock rom back onto it !
there is a lengthy discussion about this on : http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/87515-my-droids-touch-screen-going-crazy.html the main point seems to relate to either oil and dirt covering the screen and/or heating up issues from dirt within internal components . there are some suggested solutions such as carefully cleaning the screen and the speaker opening . it also seems to be strongly affected by moisture .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
its a good question as to the motive in why they insist on this when getting manufacturers to make the handsets for carriers . the reason , i think , why carriers enforce " locked bootloaders " , is really simplistic , in the event of handsets being stolen , and a tech-savvy thief can unlock it , it wipes the personal data in place thus ensuring that contacts etc are removed . and , in a what i would perceive , a twisted roundabout-way , the victim will not get billed for unsolicited texts/calls etc to their own contacts ( i.e. . billing for calls etc ) made whilst the handset is stolen , that is , if it is still in original state , i.e. locked , that is , provided the relevant authorities have been informed . so the desire for the thief to infiltrate and get at the handset to work with another carrier would force the thief to unlock the boot-loader . . i would be inclined to believe its for that reason , carriers are in fact , protecting themselves and covering their position in maintaining the contractual clauses with the customers . . . ( this is only hearsay based on what i have read about carriers ) and yet carriers , still maintain their stance in selling handsets with locked boot-loaders despite uproar from the community , i.e. lack of openness , difficulties in modding etc and do try scare off using this tactic " unlocking boot-loader voids the warranty " . some carriers would even get the manufacturers to make the handsets impossible to unlock - for example , orange 's san diego , which was released earlier on in 2012 , circa february , intel-based chip-set running android - it took 8 months to get it rooted , and by then , the community declined . . the detrimental side effect was that the price of that handset dramatically dropped a lot and lost its value due to zero openness and the developer community lost interest in modding for it ! all a boot-loader is - its a piece of code , and if received instructions via fastboot -i 0x0fce oem unlock [SOME_HEX_KEY] or similar , to unlock , the boot-loader code is instructed to wipe the /data partition - nothing more . it does not physically damage the screen , functionality , ram , charging etc . . fud ( fear , uncertainty and doubt ) with what i have written , hopefully makes sense .
it might be a digitizer problem , you should take it to a warranty . usually problems like that can be cause of a digitizer issue .
take it off your external card and put it on the internal sd storage which is located at /sdcard . confusing , i know , but that is how samsung has decided to do things .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
i would bite the bullet and install the google+ app . in addition to instant upload , the google+ app will give you unlimited storage of the photos that are uploaded via instant upload : all photos uploaded in google+ will be automatically resized to 2048 pixels ( on their longest edge ) and will not count towards your free storage quota . source : http://support.google.com/picasa/bin/http://picasa.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1224181 i do not think you have to use google+ other than register online and install the app for this to happen , so there is really not much effort on your part needed to get the benefits of instant upload . you can also manually " share " photos from the gallery app to picasa , but that is more tedious .
if you do not want to use third party software then you need to use samsung 's kies . it says here that it supports syncing with outlook , though i do not know the details .
you might also want to look under google play to make sure your apps are not set to automatically update . i had a friend that did this for every app on their phone and would suck the battery life like crazy bc especially if the service was not great was constantly trying to update the apps .
short answer : simply reboot the device . i have had that on multiple devices already , a reboot always cured this . explanation : the real culprit is not the locationmanagerservice itself , but the way how is dealt with it . in my answer to the question how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? you find a section called what if it is the android system itself ? , which explains this to a degree ( and offers a link to further information ) : an app might have requested location updates with a frequency of 0 seconds , thus keeping the device busy . instead of requesting a " partial wakelock " ( with an appropriate auto-timeout ) , it might have requested a permanent one ( which it needs to release explicitly ) . if now this app crashed , the wakelock gets orphaned , the request for location updates remains , and nothing ( but a reboot ) can solve this . this is just a raw description and probably not 100% technically perfect -- but i tried to put it into " laymen 's words " to make it easier to understand . if somebody wants to put the details into " technically perfect terms " , feel free to do so : )
unfortunately there was a rogue update from hd widgets that caused this : hd widgets bug i have emailed the developer and hopefully they can update soon . this was insane how debilitating this was to my phone .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
i had something similar happen to me months ago , and the only solution i found was to make sure my apps and accounts were synced with google and doing a factory reset . the thing was i was stock at the time , and i do not know how a factory reset will affect cyanogenmod . i would jump on their forums and see if anyone else is having a similar issue , and if not you should submit a bug report to them so they can see if it is a bug in their release candidate . edit : since this is a pretty old question and cyanogenmod has been updated i think it would be worth it for you to upgrade to 7.0.3 . i have not had any issues at all with the market now that i have moved to a stable version of cm7 so hopefully your issue has been resolved in the newest stable release .
go to settings> accounts and add add your fb account to your htc sense app . after doing this the app should not ask for the but , as you use the native facebook application why not entirely disable the sense ui fb widget ? the default app is more than sufficient for ones fb usage . go to settings> app> all and disable the default app .
try this from the cm forums : if you use adw or launcherpro and if after using any memory intensive application you hed back to your homescreen . . . you know the drill . . . . . lag , lag , redraw , redraw , then finally you are able to function again . make a nandroid backup in your terminal application on your phone ( if you have to ask what this is , google it , download it from the market ) enter . . . su (enter) echo ro.HOME_APP_ADJ=1 &gt;&gt; /data/local.prop (enter) reboot (enter)  if you want to undo what this command does , simply remove that toggle from : /data/local . prop , or if you did not have this file ( like i did not ) prior to the mod . . . remove it entirely this is also from bryan denny 's answer to this question . you will probably still have a problem with foreground apps closing when you keep your launcher in memory but i think that is just an issue with trying to use too many memory intensive apps with a phone with 256 mb of ram . you can also try to take the memory priority management into your own hands with autokiller memory optimizer . it allows you to set your own custom minfree priorities for android to follow .
real player has a beta version for android phones , so maybe it will be the one you are looking for .
default video player on android does support rtsp . you can specify the port in the url ( &lt;server&gt;:&lt;port&gt; )
perhaps it is a bug , my nexus 4 is on the english locale and with a russian input language gesture typing works . perhaps you have installed an app that gives you the russian keyboard , it would not support gesture typing by default .
i do not know about your specific issue , but swiftkey 4 has gesture typing that is worked for me in multiple languages ( english and french ) .
i think there are a couple of bugs here . it does not work with qwerty layout . it does work with uk and us though , but the trick here is to disable and enable again " gesture input " option after needed dictionaries were installed .
i also see this behaviour with my desire c model . when i reported it as a bug to htc they responded that it is intentional behaviour as the desire c lacks a charging led . personally i think you should still be able to have the screen turn off and it does not make sense to have an option in the settings menu that does not do anything . if enough people request the change htc may put in the ability to turn off the screen while charging in a future software update .
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
i am using screen stream on android . it works great !
i too would like to do this , but mainly so that i can handwrite text and mathematics on slides presented on my laptop in powerpoint . i tried splashtop remote as suggested by another responder . while this is seems to be an excellent tool for remotely controlling your computer , the latency and slightly unreliable nature of the connection means that it is not good enough to transmit readable handwriting . the other option i am considering ( which you might too ) would be to just plug the tablet directly into the projection system ( assuming that is what you are using ) , i.e. do everything from the tablet . there are several options ( keynote , polaris office etc . , depending on your hardware ) for presentation software that will run on tablets .
there is software that i am looking at called smartclass by radix software . do a search on youtube and you will see it in action . :- ) i have been in contact with the software developer and we will be going with the application if we get classroom tablets .
i do not know of a way to display your tablet screen other than some sort of display adapter . things like this with the receiver would allow you to do it wirelessly , but they get mighty expensive . additionally , i do not believe bluetooth is designed as a " display out " port , so to say , and i am hard pressed to believe it would be easy to do this , beside the fact that you may need to write that yourself . i would recommend something like splashtop remote . this does not display your tablet screen on the pc but allows you to see and control your pc screen from your tablet . so you could not share your tablet screen , but you could still walk around the classroom with your tablet and control what is being projected to the screen . also , and i do not know if this works over bluetooth , but you could try the android screencast project . maybe it has what you need ! i know it is not the solution you are looking for , but hopefully it helps !
no , there is no way to do this unless you have some special-purpose hardware . as someone already commented , normal android devices do not have a radio transmitter that can be made to transmit on any frequency .
seems like it is a conflict between the samsung 's phone app and g+ 's way of storing labels . using stock android phone app might solve your problem .
i do not use this emulator but you might try to copy and paste login from host : how to share clipboard between bluestacks and host windows pc ?
download and copy the gapps zip file to your sd card . reboot your phone into cwm recovery mode . to do this , turn phone off , and press volume up + home + power button together . your phone would then startup into recovery mode . select install zip . look for the gapps file via choose zip from /sdcard if it is in the internal sd card , or choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 if it is in the external sd card . after you flash it , reboot your phone ( it is in one of the options ) .
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
you already have to have a strong password selected and installed and then the encryption button will be available for you to press .
there is a way to share songs and albums with friends and family . this is not quite the same as a " party mode , " but is the closest thing i have found to it . pros : 1 . do not need to give anyone your account information . 2 . friends can listen to shared music on any device they want . cons : 1 . only works with google+ ( for now ) so your friend must have a device which can access google+ . 2 . can listen to the entire song only once for free . 3 . only works with limited number of songs ( many more are being added though ) . setting up a type of " guest account " may be a viable option but this opens up a whole hose of security concerns - i doubt google would implement this officially . sharing music has a long history of abuse . so much music can be found for free these days , sharing a listing of your favorite songs may be all that is necessary .
thanks for your answers . i found a solution for my problem . there is a project named " google musik desktop player " that is almost what i wanted i just let the player run on my pc and friends in my room have only access to my music library so they can choose a song or create a playlist .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
samsung galaxy s2 sgh-s959g android version 2.3 in boot loop update : downloaded odin 3 v . 1.85 , flashed with stock-sgh-s959g . tar . md5 ==> no change still have the same problem ( also checked sammobile for firmware = nothing available )
if you are always on internet and have wifi everywere you should . else it is just a waste of your mb\s . but on 3g it is impossibile because of the high costs .
depends on how you wish for your phone to operate . system updates is pretty much the only updates that are needed , app updates depend on what apps you use . if you let every app update at will , you will get a few issues . the first is battery life . if updates are frequent , it will pull a little extra battery . if you use cellular network , you use up your mb 's , or simply drain your wallet if you do not have a locked speed\payment service . if you are using the phone while it updates , you are also likely to notice some delay or sluggish performance during the updates . while you can select what apps update automatically , and what apps do not , i suggest it is better to simply create some sort of weekly routine to update the apps you use most . it only takes a minute or two , and if you want , you can usually select " update all " to just get it all done . tho that is best to be done on wifi network , as cellular network can be costly .
apart from being automatically updated , and even if you apply updates manually , you only know about possible disadvantages once the update was done . so my recommendation goes in a different direction , namely : being able to restore the state before the update was applied , so you can " roll back " . for this , i recommend using appmonster ( or rather appmonster pro , as the pro version can do all required stuff automatically in background , so you cannot forget it ) . this app automatically creates a backup of each app 's .apk file whenever the app is installed or updated . it also takes care about only keeping a configured number of backups , so you do not risk running out of space . if you do not like an update , you then can simply launche appmonster to restore a previous version . i am using appmonster for years already , and can heartily recommend it . and as to your original question : i have auto-updates turned off , so i can manually decide which updates i want and which not . for some apps , i prefer the version i am currently using for reasons like removed functionality , less overhead , and more .
flashing your phone probably also changed your modem/baseband . flashing another might give you better signal . here you can download modems for your phone : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1158783
it will not work to detect deleted files , but i just put an app up on the play store that will work on new and updated files : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner it uses a workaround inspired by dan hulme 's answer : by using the api that is only for a specific file , but manually generating a recursive list of files on the card . this requires only the read permission on the sd card , not root , and has the nice side effect of allowing a reliable progress indicator .
you can not use any apps like this any more . because lots of apps abused the MEDIA_MOUNTED broadcast intent to cause a rescan of the whole filesystem ( draining battery ) after they only changed one file , kitkat has a new restriction that only system apps can broadcast this intent . apps that try will get a SecurityException , which by default causes the " . . . has stopped " dialog . there is an alternative mechanism for an app to say that it is changed a particular file , and cause that file to be rescanned ( not recursively ) , but ( a ) there is no replacement that scans a whole filesystem , because that would be abused in the same way ; and ( b ) it is up to the app to call this . it is not something you can change as a user . an app that used root would be able to make this work in the same way as 4.3 and earlier , but again , it would need to be specifically written to request root . rooting the device would not make your old apps start working again . for more technical details , see how to trigger mediascan on nexus 7 ? on stack overflow , our sister site for programming questions .
this is a very good question and i see it is already answered . i wrote a small application to solve this problem specifically for kit kit ( android 4.4+ ) . my application works on all phones . here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=burrows.apps.sdcard this works on the nexus 5 ! please let me know if this helps you ! regards ,
your photos should be in the dcim folder . i have an htc evo and all photos from my camera are in /sdcard/DCIM/100MEDIA/ . i doubt this would help but maybe you should try another file manager . try taking a photo and then go to your DCIM directory to see if any new folders or images are there . it looks like you solved your issue ! just so others have a method to help themselves if they get stuck i am adding this to my answer : if you can view any photos in htc photo app you can long press on the photo and select the Details option . this should provide you with a File path
aha , found them ! /emmc/DCIM then most of them are in the 100MEDIA sub directory .
callrecorder from xda this is the only app that allowed me to record my conversations properly , i own a samsung sgh-i537 ( s4 active ) and samsung decided not to allow native recording for it , so you have to root your phone before installing this app ( in the link there is a trial version so you can see if it works on your phone ) .
call recording for non-rooted phones seem to only work with the mic mode , when your speaker is on . this makes your volume not so clear . i tested this with automatic call recorder .
apparently you need hardware support in your kernel and root access for line recording . otherwise you are stuck with mic recording , which only picks up your voice ( at least on my nexus 4 ) the only one that worked for me was this " call recorder " app . it costs $10 and requires root access , but it does a pretty good job . there is a trial version link on the play page , you might want to try that and see if it works for you .
did you try " easy voice recorder " ? is works for me ( nexus 4 , android 4.4.2 without root ) . here is the link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coffeebeanventures.easyvoicerecorder when you have root privileged is much easier , but without root , i do not know of any app that can record the other side in a way that you can hear him " clean " . but as i say , easy voice recorder do it very good for me , not perfect ( cristal clear ) but good ( i can here the other side in the record , without any issues ) .
please take a look at google japanese input : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.japanese swype keyboard has japanese language built in as well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nuance.swype.dtc
this is strange behavior , and one i have not actually seen before . do you by any chance have an app installed that could be turning the wi-fi on ? also , how long do you wait between sliding the slider and turning the screen off - it may not have had time to update . i have only ever since this issue once , and i believe that it was a software issue . if you cannot fix it , i would recommend ' forgetting ' your works wi-fi network , so that android does not automatically connect to it . you can do this by long pressing on the wi-fi network in the wi-fi settings menu .
the comment on the question : my guess is that your carrier has installed some sort of " connection optimizer " onto your device with the most recent update . which actually just means that it will use wifi when it is available because that will result in less overall traffic on their 3g/4g network . on sprint device you can go to settings-> wireless and networks-> more . . . -> -mobile networks-> connection optimizer to enable / disable this . try poking around your wireless settings to see if you have something like this . this solution worked for me . i have had the same problem as the op since i upgraded to android 4.0.4 a couple months ago on the sprint network . 4g and wifi would both turn on by themselves at random times , no matter how many times i turned them off .
ygps , as far as i can discern ( i do not own a fairphone ) , is an app which lets you view what gps satellites your phone is currently connected to . i am guessing it probably provides the same kind of function here , and is likely draining your battery life because it is constantly making gps calls in the background . my guess is that , being a poorly developed app , the developers decided to call every permission possible to ensure they would not run into any issues . it is likely only using the gps function of the phone anyway , but considering you were going to anyway it is probably not a bad idea to disable it .
no matter what you try , you are basically stuck with the limitations of your phone . there are other procedures on android forums to force apps that usually can not be put on your sd card therefore freeing up more internal memory . i only have 200mb of internal memory , over 100 apps and still have 105mb of internal memory . i have room for more apps than i will ever need . again , you do not have to root your phone , as some you can not due to upgrades in the os like mine , but there are other workarounds . good luck !
you can also opt for an easier way as described in this answer , if all you are looking for , is to shift apps from your phone 's internal memory to sd card . a free app called link2sd will help in this case . it has a decent gui and makes it easier to move apps between sd card and internal memory - also fixes the market links so that updates from the market are automatically moved to sd card if the app was previously on sd card .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
well you can allways make an app that pulls the pictures from an rss feed or php webservice from the site and then shows them up
no . the blogger images showed up because they are hosted in picasa which is integrated into the android gallery . but as a workaround you could host your images on picasa and link to them from your blog .
it might be that this option will try to repair any filesystem issues that it finds . if a repair attempt does not do the right thing , or is prevented from completion ( say , the battery dies ) , you could end up with unusable files ; or , if the repair attempt failed in the system partition , you could end up with a dead device ( but you might be able to recover with a factory reset ) .
it is even riskier than cybersam says . you should not check/repair a mounted filesystem ( i.e. . when it is in use ) , on any operating system , because programs might be using the files while you are checking them and possibly making changes . this could cause the checker to think there are errors where there are really no errors ; it might cause unexpected behaviour of any program that happens to read or write files during the check ; and any files written during the check might be corrupted or completely lost . on a pc , you can check a non-essential filesystem by unmounting it before the check , or you can check a system partition by booting from a usb stick or cd so that no filesystems from the hard disk need to be mounted . on android , the closest equivalent is doing it from the recovery : this way , you can check any filesystem other than the one the recovery is on ( assuming the recovery does not mount the sd card ) .
the galaxy nexus is supported from a device/hardware standpoint , but it may not be available in your region for some reason . if that is the case , you can instead get rom manager directly from the developer 's website . there are also clockworkmod recovery downloads on that page . if , for whatever reason , rom manager proves to be unusable or unsatisfactory , there are a few alternatives currently available : goomanager beta rom toolbox
here is the solution that worked perfectly with me : the problem lies in the dhcp settings of the adsl router . follow these steps : login to your router and go to dhcp settings ( for belkin its 192.168.2.1 ) and find the item called lease time . the default values of the lease time is usually forever , which produces a bug in android . all you have to do is to change the value of the leasing time from forever to any other long value ( depends on the routers options ) . here i changed the value from forever to 2 weeks -- and since then i did not have a single wifi disconnect .
gingerbread has certain power saving options . make sure that the wi-fi settings are not set in such a way that make the wi-fi sleep if it is inactive . ( the menu varies from phone to phone . so can not be specific )
i see this issue quite frequently . hangouts will crash if you disable stock messaging app , but you can not re-enable the messaging app if you have disabled it before upgrading the os . in order to resolve you need to go into settings -> apps , tap the three-dot menu button , and select the " reset app preferences " option : this re-enables all previously disabled apps , including the ones you could not re-enable before . hangouts should also stop crashing now .
i am not sure about a shortcut but a simple widget should be good enough for your needs . while i have not tried this myself here is how i would start : write a simple widget to put on the home screen . be prepared to send in a new intent as soon as the widget is started up open the dolphin browser while having your device connected to adb . notice the intent that is being sent by the activitymanager when starting the browser . in your app create a new intent ( ) and fill it up with the specific component/class name of dolphin browser and pass in the url of the site you want to open as data . i think the tricky part will be detecting the exact class and component name used by dolphin browser . the rest of it should be straight forward ( i think ) .
it is doable , but you cannot do this without 3rd party application , because by default shortcuts or bookmarks ( as available in the system features ) do not hold such information . i am not able to name any app that would do this , as i never personally needed this , but i am certain they do exist as it is not technically complicated , as most likely you are not the only one with such needs . all it needs to be done is to create a shortcut , which would launch this 3rd party app being a " proxy " and said app would then call explicitly specified application handing your url to it .
as explained by the comments and liam 's answer , this is due to the noexec flag used by the system when mounting the sdcard . if your configure file is a shell script ( as it usually is ) , you can still trick it to be executed : cd to the directory as you described above , and then execute sh configure . sh is the shell interpreter , and that binary should be located in /system/bin , where files are executable . passing your script as the first argument , this will open a new shell process which executes your configure script .
this is due to 2 things : the file does not have execute permissions [ and ] the file cannot gain executable permissions as it is on the sd card . the sd card 's filesystem can accept file permissions , however it is mounted with the noexec flag , as stated in a comment . this stops files being executed . solution : copy the net-snmp-5.7.2 directory to the /data/local/tmp directory as root . set the configure file to be executable by running chmod 0777 /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure as root . you should now be able to execute the configure script by typing /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure and pressing enter . note this should all be done as the root user : )
i am not surprised you are confused : the term is indeed used for two different things , as you have found . for developers , a widget means a View: a single gui control inside an activity , which can show information or be manipulated by the user . examples include Button , TextView , and SeekBar . the app component that lives on the home screen ( or lock screen ) is properly called an appwidget . stock android ships with appwidgets for the calendar and email apps , amongst others . however , terms are used differently in user-facing documentation and labels . Views do not need to be described to the user , so the term widget is used for appwidgets , presumably because it is shorter . but because it is in the user-facing documentation , and app authors have to label their appwidgets as widgets , they tend to use the term widget for both , when it is possible to tell from context which is meant . it is common for the same thing to be described differently to users and developers ; the only confusion in this case is that the users ' word for one thing is the same as the developers ' word for something different . it is almost always clear which one is meant , because the two components are used in different circumstances : if you need to be unambiguous , you can say " View" or " appwidget " .
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
that is not a bug , it is a feature . it is called the " back stack " . the idea is that you perform a single task , like reading e-mail , and all activities , that it is what " windows " are called on android , are grouped together on the task 's back stack . if you want imdb " in a separate window " , that is as activity of a new task with its own back stack , you can simply open it from the launcher by selecting the imdb icon .
you might want to take a look at e.g. apktool , which is written in java and will run on a mac -- the linked page even contains the installation instructions . you might also want to take a look at apkinspector ( written in python , it seems ) . not having a mac , i cannot say for sure whether it will run on it . mentioned for completeness : apk multi tool . will probably not run on a mac , as the page only advertizes a windows and a linux version -- but maybe the latter can be made working with minor effort , so you might want to contact its developer .
you might want to try apktool . this will run on your mac . and as @izzy mentioned , you can try apk multi tool to get the apk properties . one last thing you could try is viewing the contents of the apk . this can be done by renaming your apk file to . zip and extracting its contents . you will then see a file called androidmanifest . xml , this will show app version , package name , etc .
the best and quickest way to use it is to obtain the tool from the android sdk , called aapt and invoke it from the command line like this : aapt d --values badging some_apk_name.apk an example of the output is shown : this will extract certain but limited values and parse the encoded AndroidManifest.xml ( which is binary encoded upon compilation from java source to apk binary ) .
on my galaxy s3 it is home and power but they need to be held in for about 1 second but it may be different on the s2 edit : according to this samsung have changed the screen shot buttons to be volume down + power on some firmware versions and on others it is power + home heald for about 2 seconds . hope that helps
i was on the same situation like yours . . my s2 updated about one month ago . . do press your home button together with lock or power button and hold it for about 2 seconds . . press it together not separately and hold . . best of luck . . ; )
you can use connectbot to tunnel your connection over ssh .
you can configure android to use a proxy server . but you must do it either from the adb client , or from the terminal in a rooted g1 . > adb shell # sqlite3 /data/data/com . google . android . providers . settings/databases/settings . db sqlite> insert into system values ( 99 , ’http_proxy ' , ' proxy:port' ) ; sqlite> . exit read about @ http://discuz-android.blogspot.com/2008/01/set-proxy-for-android-web-browser.html
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
have you heard of plan b ? plan b is your last resort to find your missing phone . this is the first and only ' find my phone ' app that you download after you have already lost your phone . having lookout on your phone is the best way to protect your phone and find it fast , but use plan b if you have already lost your phone and did not have lookout installed . ================= NOTE: Plan B only works with 2.0 - 2.3 versions of Android ================= 
what phone and android version have you got ? the description for winamp in the market says that shoutcast support in winamp is only available for phones running android 2.2 or above . this previous question stream sound from ubuntu to android has an answer that says that xiialive ( official site ) should support shoutcast .
even on models that have a built-in flash , using it is not worth your time . point flashes almost always make the picture look bad , especially when the camera is a crappy phone camera . i suggest making sure the subject is well-lit instead . that all said , the screen is not bright enough for a flash . best case it would provide a little " ambient " lighting in a dark room and you had have to take the picture up close .
as the nexus s is a " pure google " android phone it works the way that google intend android to be used , this means that it is designed to sync everything constantly via the internet , it does not have any built in way to do old-fashioned occasional cable syncs with a pc . what sort of account is your outlook connected to ? if it is a corporate account , then it is probably connecting to a corporate exchange server ? if so then , depending on whether your company allow it , you can add your corporate account to your phone and sync your mail/contacts/calendar directly with your company 's mail server . if your outlook is being used with a personal mail account , with mail coming from your isp 's mail servers ( or similar ) then you can either redirect that mail to a gmail account , and then sync your phone with that , or use tools to sync your outlook 's mail/calendar/contacts up to a gmail account whenever your pc is on , such as google calendar sync , google apps sync , google apps migration for outlook or use one of the third party tools that will sync outlook with a gmail account , like plaxo .
i believe eldarerathis is correct being that it is a pure google branded experience rather than samsung but make sure you do not have usb debugging on , which is the problem some people run in to with kies .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
according to this page , you need to reset the watch to factory settings if you want to pair it with another device , each time you wish to switch phones or tablets .
in the developer settings , there is a " revoke usb debugging authorizations " . try to use it . it should remove the authorization you give for your computer . so next time , that computer will not be able to directly use the debugging .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
sounds like the phone simply froze up . try taking out the battery , putting it back in , and then press the power button to start it .
yes , it seems so : many ( but not all ) galaxy sii are supported by installing a patched kernel .
pretty simple : just backup your app ull get an apk : ) . in the backup folder which u can read from .
you can backup your apps using avg antivirus and it will store the backup apps in droidbackupdir in sd card
.apk files are downloaded and stored in subfolders under a location on your device called /data . by default you do not have permissions to read from that location . in order to read/write in that location you will need to have rooted your device .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
install set locale and language , locale selector , or other related apps from google play !
the android emulator can be run on your pc and is good for testing . you could use tools to sniff the data being sent on your network and see if it is encrypted , and check files written to the " device " storage . but you can not " control " the app per se .
i found this from gps tracklog . it is from 2005 but my guess is that the technology is roughly ( if not exactly ) the same . they come through my roof ( plywood and spanish tiles on top ) just fine too , and they also make it through typical fiberglass boat construction . most materials are not good absorbers of microwaves , but anything with a high water content ( incl . people ) or metal will block the signals . as a general rule , anything that will heat up readily in a microwave oven will also absorb the gps signals although the frequencies are a little different ( 1.5 ghz for gps and a little over 2 ghz for ovens ) . so as long as the wood and shingles on your roof are dry they’ll pass the signals ok , but of course insulation with a metal foil layer would block them . the physical reason why things with water absorb the signals is that water molecules are highly polarized with the oxygen end having a negative charge and the end with the two hydrogens having a positive charge . when the gps signals go through water the oscillating electrical field of the microwaves cause the water molecules to rotate back and forth and this absorbs energy from the signals .
10 m ? you had be lucky to get that kind of accuracy outdoors . i am the developer of car dashboard , which is a car home replacement that includes gps features like speedometer , etc . i have the default minimum gps accuracy set to 200 m which seems to work pretty good for most users ( i also have it adjustable in the settings in case they have issues ) . on average , i would say indoors near a window will get you about 50-100 m accuracy . outside with nice conditions should get you below 50 m . indoors without any visual sight to the sky is going to be a dead zone . the signal is just simply not going to reach you and if it does , it is going to be highly inaccurate . this is the resource i use to describe gps accuracy in my application : gps accuracy is affected by a number of factors , including satellite positions , noise in the radio signal , atmospheric conditions , and natural barriers to the signal . noise can create an error between 1 to 10 meters and results from static or interference from something near the receiver or something on the same frequency . objects such a mountains or buildings between the satellite and the receiver can also produce error , sometimes up to 30 meters . the most accurate determination of position occurs when the satellite and receiver have a clear view of each other and no other objects interfere .
under limited circumstances , it is possible to use the accelerometer , compass , and gyroscope ( and of course , wifi , gps , and cell tower ) to increase the accuracy of gps , by using dead reckoning/path integration .
you can do video chat through google talk on honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) , which is only available on the motorola xoom at this point in time . no word on when this feature will trickle down into newer versions of android ( 2.4+ ) or if this will become a standalone/updatable market app like gmail , youtube , etc .
google talk video/voice support will be rolled out shortly on all android 2.3 gingerbread devices or on the nexus s now ( but as an os update , not an app update , so you would find it in settings , not in market )
use fring . it can connect to gtalk and enable you to talk to your gtalk buddies . but it mutes in samsung galaxy 3 .
vtok - google videochat ( beta ) may suit your needs :
fring or nimbuzz apps from the market place both allow you to do voice calls using gtalk .
you can try using ical import/export . it looks like it should be able to export your calendar data . it will allow you to export your calendar ( s ) to ical files . i have not actually tried the application , so i am not sure if it uses the local calendar database on the device , or it it attempts to connect directly to google calendar .
here i found a detailed description how to unroot your asus tf101 transfomer . the procedure is not trivial and you need to follow several step , but most of them can be done through adb so there are chances that you can do it .
you need a third party tool to sync your outlook and gmail contact books together . google offers a tool you can download to sync , and there are others out there you can download/buy if you do not like theirs .
i am not 100% sure but i think it should work with vnc viewer ( paid app but worth its price ) . i will give it a try when i am at home and edit the answer .
instead of exposing your vnc server to the internet , consider using a vpn . this would secure and encrypt your remote connection . and as a side-benefit , you could save the internal ip address in your android vnc client .
android vnc viewer is free and works with host names , but i have not played around with it much , so i cannot vouch for quality . alternatively you could use a hostname to ip resolver ( either as an app or as a website ) to find out the ip address and use that to connect . i just tried out dns lookup from the android market , and it looks like a pretty decent solution ( fast , long-press to copy ip ) . if you have the time , send an email to the creator of the app you use for a feature request , i am sure he would appreciate the feedback : ) .
i also faced that problem . after changing the motherboard it rectified . since it was done during warranty period , i did it free of cost . many peoples suffer this problem and it is clear that it is manufacturing defect .
hook up an external keyboard with a micro usb otg adapter . monoprice has one here http://www.monoprice.com/product?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=9724seq=1format=2
the following performs a factory-reset : power off your android phone/tablet press and hold volume up or volume down button press power button along with holding volume button , press and hold it for 5 seconds , after 5 second release power button ( but not volume button ) . after few you will see the root menu , now release the volume button also move the cursor down to " wipe data " using the volume down button , to select it use the power button now your android phone/tablet will restart in 3 seconds ; after the restart you will be able to use it again .
if your device is running at least android 4.0 , you can use androids native data management : data usage configuration on android 4.0+ ( source : droid-life . com , click image to enlarge ) here you can setup an overall data volume ( a requirement for the second step -- but one can set that rather high , like 4 gb ) : tick the set mobile data limit checkbox , and play with the bars . that done , select the apps to block ( tap their entries you can see in the second screenshot at the bottom ) , and set their limit to 0 ( scroll to the end of the app 's page , and activate the checkbox labeled " restrict background data" ) . a popup will inform you that the app might stop when there is no wifi available , as it will no longer be able to use background data on the mobile network -- plus that there might be additional controls inside the app itself . now these apps no longer can " silently eat your dataplan " , but only when you actively trigger actions . you find described screens in the system settings , mobile data ( the one with the pie-chart symbol -- see above screenshot ) . p.s. : if the above is not applyable for you ( android &lt ; 4.0 , or a wifi-only device with android 4.3+ ) , please also see my answer here .
install titanium backup - ( this requires root access ) from play store and you can backup thinks like sms/call logs/apps and app data . in your case , you might want to backup the app and the app data for that particular app , save your backups . once you restore the phone , you can use titanium to restore that app and data .
i am not sure if this is the answer you seek , but if you want a calendar app that does not sync unless you set it up to do so , check out colornote . i use the note stuff for jotting down stuff on the run . if you tap the upper-left corner it shows a menu from which you can select calendar . i do not use calendar extensively so can not comment much on it .
to answer my original question , i have found acalendar , which has very limited sandbox requirements . it just asks for your personal information , which it needs to write to the shared calendar store - impressive ! as i have said elsewhere , this leaves calendar items prone to accidental synchronisation with google , but for most people this is acceptable . happily , the ui of this calendar is excellent , with only a couple of niggles ( in particular , the small screen of the europa makes it very difficult , occasionally impossible , to touch on calendar items in the 7-day view ) . issues aside , i am likely to settle on this app , unless a better one comes along !
although my original question was to source a calendar that did not have wide security permissions , the purpose was to avoid having to sync with remote cloud services . i have found a windows product that will do this locally , and the site makes it look pretty polished . this approach ( afaik ) makes use of the built-in calendar , so one just has to trust that it does not sync elsewhere regardless of which sync provider you select . ( side note : i am nothing to do with this product/company . i have not tried it , as i am on os x ) .
you could try factory resetting you tablet . not sure if it might help . it is worth a try .
there is quite a bit that goes into placing a call to a mobile phone . here 's an excerpt from the wikipedia article on gsm services , slightly edited for clarity , which does a good job explaining some of what happens when a call is placed to a gsm cellular phone . when someone places a call to a mobile phone they dial the telephone number associated with the phone user and the call is routed to the mobile phone operator 's gateway mobile switching centre ( msc ) . the first job of the gateway msc is to determine the current location of the mobile phone in order to connect the call . it does this by consulting the home location register ( hlr ) . when the hlr receives this query message , it determines whether the call should be routed to another number ( called a divert ) , or if it is to be routed directly to the mobile . if the home location register knows that the phone is roaming in a particular visited location register area , then it will request a temporary number ( called an msrn ) from that vlr . this number is relayed back to the gateway msc , and then used to route the call to the msc where the called phone is roaming . when the call arrives at the visiting msc , the msrn is used to determine which of the phones in this area is being called . the msc pages all the mobile phone masts in the area in order to inform the destination handset that there is an incoming call for it . if the subscriber answers , a speech path is created through the visiting msc and gateway msc back to the network of the person making the call , and a normal telephone call follows . all of this and more ( depending on the origin of the call , the carriers involved , and how smoothly things are running on that particular day ) happens in fractions of seconds . when taken altogether , though , it can create a noticeable delay . that is why it takes so long for your wife 's phone to start ringing and that is also why there is not much you can do about it . it is all pretty cool if you think about it .
use " unlock root"software it works for almost every mobile phone even i had same problem it roots and also unroots if you want
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/586033-galaxy-s3-cheated-some-us-leaving-out-scrolling-wallpapers-2.html#post4756930 citation : " scrolling wallpapers glitch when they have infinite scrolling . if you scroll past the end of the wall paper , it'll sharply shift to the other side of the image . i would imagine some find this to be unsightly . the developers at samsung probably see this as a problem and probably thought infinite scrolling was a more important feature than wallpaper scrolling . "
3g watchdog keeps separate totals for wi-fi and 3g data use , so there should be no confusion about whether it is from the mobile network allowance ( 3g data ) or some wi-fi hotspot . the watchdog can also be set to disable your 3g connection at some level ( eg 80% ) before you hit your limit . avg ( antivirus ) now includes a data usage monitor , but just warns and does not disable , as far as i know . if i had a limit , i would prefer to have the connection broken in case i started a high traffic application ( eg world wide webcam ) and might be charged for traffic above my allowance ( network i used in 2012 charged around 100 gbp / us$ 150 per extra gb of data , something to avoid ! ) .
assuming that you are using a galaxy ace with android v2.3 ( gingerbread ) , i suggest you to use an application like 3g watchdog or onavo count . but if you are using a android phone with android v4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) or higher there is a built-in option in settings menu called " data usage " .
that should be possible . there are plenty of backup apps available on google play which allow local backups , such as sms backup and restore or sms backup . for contacts , there is e.g. contacts backup , and for both together super backup : sms and contacts . they all store the backed-up data e.g. on your sdcard . though i found no explicit mention of sim messages , i would assume they are covered – but you might wish to check for yourself to make sure . update : as it turned out , above apps do not seem to cover sim storage . but i have just stumbled upon backup2csv , which explicitly lists to export contact directories ( sim card and phone ) ( it also lists export text messages ( sms ) , but does not explicitly mention the sim card in that context ) .
you can use the g cloud backup to backup you sms , contacts , call log , photos and more to a secure cloud servers .
you cannot currently get that list . you may want to temporarily : disable auto-update apps in the google play settings menu on your device . enable the notifications checkbox . choose when to update each app manually , once you see an update notification . your existing review , or lack of review , is evident right there 1 inch down the app page if you are in in portrait mode . two weeks later , you will have reviewed those developers who are updating super-regularly . keep this up for as long as you can stand to , and all of the developers who are not dormant are reviewed . then switch your settings back . each manual update will occupy about 30 seconds per app of your time , or less . and it is not perfect . there will be apps who never update before you decide to re-enable auto-update apps . i stay in perpetual manual update mode and i have never failed to give feedback on any app i have installed .
create a list in your office/organizer of all your apps , then , as you rate your apps go back to that list and mark them as rated . i know it is not automatically calculated for you thus not super convenient but hey , it has to be better than searching one by one . :- )
yes . on the home screen , hit the option button , then go to preferences > appearance settings > hide icon labels and check the box .
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
it is not possible to limit the download bandwidth via code running on the device . it is up to the sender how fast to send data . all that such an app could do is to throw away packets once they arrive at the device , which is after they have been counted by your carrier . those packets would then have to be resent , being counted again . the effect would be that websites and c . would take longer to load and use more data to do so .
opera mini has options to enable loading images and also to specify the quality of images , if they are loaded . if you are rooted : installing a firewall ( like droidwall ) helps to prevent unwanted apps to access the network . installing an adblocker ( like adaway ) will prevent ads from loading , and in turn reduce network usage .
dont think the gmail profile picture and the sms picture will sync up . when you are in an sms chat try pressing your own picture and updating it with a picture of you .
when i send sms to another phone , it is not sent as my google profile , eg . example@gmail.com, but as my number , eg . +123456789 . if you add your own number to your contacts , and then add profile picture , you will see it in sms chat .
have you tried reset your phone in recovery mode ? nexus 5 if your phone is on , turn it off . press and hold the volume down and volume up buttons , and then press and hold the power button simultaneously until the phone turns on .  you will see the word " start " with an arrow drawn around it . press the volume down button twice to highlight recovery mode . press the power button to start recovery mode . you will see an image of an android robot with a red exclamation mark . while holding the power button , press the volume up button . use the volume buttons to scroll to " wipe data / factory reset " and press the power button to select it . scroll down to " yes – erase all user data " and press the power button to select it . note: if at any point during the above steps your phone becomes unresponsive , you can restart it by holding down the power button for several seconds . https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4596836?hl=en-gb
i would think that one of the one-ear bluetooth headsets would do this automatically .
if you are talking about a nandroid backup : yes , it would . it creates images from the devices file systems -- so all that is stored there gets copied to those image files . you can then even extract single items using e.g. titanium backup .
this is a common issue on this particular device . my friend had the same thing happen and was going to give the tablet to me but after doing some research i found that its more than just a software issue . i would recommend counting your losses and buying a new tablet . = (
the most likely explanation is that the compressed file is corrupt . are you trying to uncompress a rar file , or a standard zip file ? rar extraction is only supported with certain processors . the easiest way to tell , is to try and extract the same zip file on a computer , and see what it says .
try remote web desktop application for android : remote web desktop
it is up to the app . android provides mechanisms for app authors to specify different ui layouts for the different screen sizes ( roughly speaking : phones , 7in tablets , 10in tablets ) . this means that the app might rearrange its buttons or use larger sizes to fill a 7in screen , or it might do something more radical like switch to a two-pane layout ( such as gmail ) . iirc , most apps with a two-pane layout use it only in landscape mode on 7in screens , whereas they use it in either orientation on 10in screens and always use a one-pane layout on phones . unlike on pc , it is usual for android apps to be laid out using a resolution-independent unit ( which android calls display-independent pixels , or dp ) instead of specifying sizes in pixels , so that regardless of display resolution , buttons are always large enough to click on . there are a few exceptions ( app authors can still choose to work in pixels ) but those are in the minority : mostly games , since that is how pc game authors are used to working . even if the app is not specially designed to work with tablets , it'll still work . it just might look silly , with lots of empty space or oversized buttons , if the author did not consider or test that form factor . google play encourages developers to include screenshots on 7in and 10in tablets , so that is the first thing to look for . if you browse using the google play app on your device , it'll show you the screenshots for that device 's size first ( i.e. . it'll show the 7in screenshots if you are using a 7in tablet ) . many developers also explicitly mention tablet support in the app description , such as the first app you linked to ( notational acceleration ) .
have you tried doing a factory reset ? in my samsung galaxy s4 , it is in : System settings &gt; Acceounts &gt; Backup and reset &gt; Factory data reset . see if you can find something similar to your phone . warning : you will lose all your data when you do a factory reset . but since you uninstalled all your apps , it should not be any problem / issue .
i have a friend who used ubuntu at work and he used to swear by amarok . it is a powerful music player for linux and unix , macos x and windows with an intuitive interface . it may well help assist you . alternatively for full collaboration between ubuntu and android devices , checkout ubuntu for android .
spotify allows you to sync your local files to a mobile device ( no subscription required ) . of course this requires the desktop client installed on a computer and the app installed on a mobile device . once your local files are downloaded to the device , you can listen to them whenever and wherever you want . it also does not require a data connection ( after downloading ) . *note : the later versions of android client have had issues with this . give it a shot anyway ! the only workarounds are to install an older version of the spotify app and then download your playlist .
try to install some apps . directly on device using google play , then you will find your device after sometime , happened to me many a times .
try following ( worked in my case ) remove google account from settings clear data of play-store and google services framework restart phone now access play store again .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
are you using the galaxy nexus ? on your home screen you will see the " google search " bar . on the right , inside this bar , you will see a microphone symbol . tap it . i believe you are stuck going back to this screen .
as they are user-installed apps , thy should be user-uninstallable . not being shown in the list of installed apps complicates things a little , but should not make them impossible : as you developed the apps yourself , you will for sure know their package names ( i will use com.package.name in my example ) . one-time setup your computer must have adb installed . as you say you develop yourself , you most likely will have the android sdk installed already ( for other readers : either install the android sdk , or check is there a minimal installation of adb ? if you do not need the full sdk ) . turn on usb debugging on your device ( if you not already have done so , that is ) connect your device to your computer your computer must be ready to deal with your device . for windows , you will need suitable drivers ( see universal android usb driver ) . on linux ( and most likely mac as well ) you just need to configure udev ( see is there a minimal installation of adb ? again ) . deal with the app above steps only need to be performed once to be able to deal with your device . now for the remove-part : connect your device to your computer with usb debugging enabled from a shell/cmd window , run adb shell pm uninstall com.package.name done . you optionally can add the -k parameter to pm uninstall if you just want to uninstall the app , but keep its data . edit : as dan pointed out in below comment , instead of using adb shell pm uninstall , you also could simply use adb uninstall ( which can count as an " alias " , and thus also supports the -k parameter ) . one more remark is : if you have already got some terminal app on your android device , you could also take this instead of adb , and simply use pm uninstall locally .
install titanium backup . hit menu key on device . under storage option click clean dalvik . might not free up much , but maybe a little
even if an app does not show up in the app drawer , it must still be listed in settings → apps . you can uninstall it from that screen . if it is not listed there , it really is not installed . uninstalled apps get their internal storage deleted automatically , but files they created can still take up space on your sd card . of course , it is also possible that they added content to other apps ( such as contacts ) which would continue to take up space .
i have the same phone and got it to work on eduroam just now ( was actually googling for solutions when i managed to solve it myself ) . was your problem also that you could not find the right part of the settings ? weirdly you need to first just try to connect any old how ( so it is saved as a network you use ) and then long-press on it and choose " modify network " . this time you get a much longer list of options and can choose peap etc as in the university instructions -- at least , my university instructions work ( http://www.oucs.ox.ac.uk/network/wireless/services/eduroam/android/ ) and i believe the point of the network is that you only need to set it up once . however i am already on the 4.1.2 update . if you still can not get on you could check if the ota is available for you yet ( all settings -> about phone -> system updates ) .
i had the same problem with my razr i ( android 4.0.4 ) and was able to solve it by installing wifi connection manager . within the app , 802.1x peap is available for configuration .
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
the method above works , or did for me -- disable google , but i found out later that while it still lets google work as a search engine ( or does for me ) , it killed maps which means you can not use navigation . if you want to re-enable google , follow the same steps : setting , apps , all , then scroll to the bottom and you will find the disabled google . re-enable and maps works but you are back to the horrible google voice dialer . it is either/or ( good voice dial or maps/nav ) until google fixes the operating system .
i agree the google voice dialer is horrible ! i was able to restore the android voice commands on my droid razr maxx by doing the following : go to manage apps , then swipe over to all apps . look for google search then disable it . this is probably all you need to do , but i went about it probably the wrong way by also doing the following . in manage apps , click on your menu button and reset app preferences . ihe google search , click the " clear data " button . the next time i pressed my bluetooth call button , it asked if i want to complete it with my motospeak or voice commands , either always or just once . i selected always it works again !
i have a motorola droid , was getting great voice dialing using my bt voyager pro via the " voice commands " app ( same as mic icon ) but after the android 4.2 update , google voice was activated and was a disaster . to fix this i went to Settings &gt; Apps&gt; Google search and deactivated it . this fixed my voice dialing problem ( went back to " voice commands" ) but the search ( magnifying glass icon ) on my phone went dead . i then went to the android store and downloaded/installed the new " google search " app . when i used voice dialing for the first time , it gave me the option of either using voice commands ( mic icon ) or google voice ( i think a read icon ) . i chose the first one and now it works as before . the search button is also working as intended . the above may sound trivial , but when one is driving and wants to make a call , having to hold your phone to type the number after 5 failed attempts to voice dial is the last thing you want to do .
go to Settings &gt; wireless and network &gt; mobile networks . in the network mode , select gsm only . i was having the same issue , and this step solved the problem .
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
android never removes applications from its memory , unless it has no memory left , then it initiates a low memory warning to unused applications and kills them when needed . . . android webviews ( the default android implementation of web browser ) consume lots of memory , and so is firefox 's implementation of their web browser . actually , gecko ( firefox 's rendering engine ) is much slower and a bigger memory consumer than android 's default webkit rendering engine . so when you exit firefox on your android , the memory is probably nearly full , the system kills it , but firefox has a mechanism that saves the urls of the previously opened tabs , and though it starts the application again ( and not resuming it ) it loads everything you left open again . . . and no , 512mb are no enough , android 2.3 takes approx 300mb to run .
that is easily possible using tasker ( i do the same for selected reading apps to increase the timeout to 2min , while also having the 30s default for all other apps ) : condition : app ( select the apps you want to keep the screen active for ) task : display timeout ( configure the timeout interval using the sliders ) alternatively , in " task " you could also let tasker switching the keyguard off to disable the lock screen . at least concerning the display timeout adjustment , this might be possible with other automation apps as well , such as llama -- i am not sure , as i use tasker i do not use the others . though tasker might look a bit pricy ( ~5 eur ) and complicated , after you figured out how to use it you will find it worth every cent . until then , there is a free trial available on their homepage .
in fact , i never had an android device where this was that easy to achive ! our friends at xda-developers offer a guide and the necessary tools in this thread . having a " microsoft free zone " and " only " running linux machines ( yeah , even the android ones run a linux kernel ) , i was able to follow up those steps with a little adaption here and there -- and so i will sum up the results for windows and linux users as well : preparation first you need to download the required tools , all of them available at the linked xda-developers thread : o4xr . zip is the rooting toolkit is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk to prepare your device windows users only : lgunitedmobiledriver_ver_3.7.2_lg-p880_lgo4xhd . zip -- the windows drivers for the device having everything downloaded , some additional steps are necessary at your computer : windows users only : unzip and install the drivers linux users : make sure adb is able to detect the device ( check with adb devices ) . if it is not , see at the end of this answer for some hints . everybody : copy IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk to your optimus ( e . g . after connecting it via usb in mtp mode , copy the file to the internal sdcard ) everybody : create a new directory , unzip o4xr.zip there , and change into this directory . the rooting process on your optimus , go to settings&rarr ; security and make sure " unknown sources " is ticked ( i.e. . contains a checkmark ) go to settings&rarr ; developer options and enable " usb debugging " now install IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk ( e . g . use a file explorer to find and " launch " it ) open the " systembackuptest " app you just installed . nothing spectacular will happen , so do not be disappointed here . hold the power button and choose " power off and restart " . when you can see the lock screen , you may notice that the phone is running very slowly , this is normal . once the device is fully started up again , connect it to your computer with an usb cable . make sure the phone is in " charging only " mode . on your pc , open a terminal ( linux ) resp . command ( cmd.exe, Windows window and change into the directory you've extractedo4xr . zip` into . ( on windows , you may need admin privileges : right click , run as administrator . on linux it did fine for me without superuser/root permissions ) now run the rooting script : windows users : type root followed by the enter key linux users : type ./root-linux.sh , also followed by the enter key any mac users ? type ./root-mac.sh , also followed by the enter key . do not worry , it will not root your mac/linux machine ( windows users : it is unlikely to root your box , either : ) do not disconnect your phone while the script runs ! wait while it does its job . during that process , the phone will reboot automatically a couple of times . the script will inform you about this in your command/terminal window . once the command/shell prompt returns , the misdeed is accomplished : ) now uninstall SystemBackupTest from your optimus . do not launch it again at this state , or you might have to start over from step 5 : ) on your phone , open up google play store and search for " supersu " . update the app when prompted , then open it . press ok to update the su binary . you now have root and can safely restore the " unknown sources " and " usb debugging " settings back to how you had them ! congratulations ! next steps are to install titanium backup , lbe privacy guard , and all the other things you might need and which require root ! hint for linux users to get adb recognize your android device these steps should work with all android phones . the example data of course should exactly fit the lg optimus p880 this question deals with . open a terminal window , and make yourself root ( sudo su - ) enter the following command : lsusb . note the output in your mind . connect your device with usb debugging enabled using an usb cable . again issue the lsusb command . now it should output an additional line which has to be the just connected android device . for the lg optimus p880 , this should read like : Bus 002 Device 103: ID 1004:61a6 LG Electronics, Inc. 1004 is the vendor id for lg , 61a6 the device id of the p880 in usb debugging mode . use your favorite editor ( still in root mode ! ) and open /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules ( if no such file exists , simply create it ) . add the below lines ( first line is optional ) , and then save the file . restart the udev daemon : service udev restart now you just need to disconnect your device . when reconnecting it for the next time , adb will see it -- as you can confirm with the adb devices command . so here are the lines for your /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules file : #LG Optimus X4 P880 SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n" 
unfortunately , unless someone ( almost certainly the sensor manufacturer in conjunction with the camera manufacturer ) has provided methods to get raw data from the sensor level all the way up through the android stack , it is going to be somewhere between very difficult and impossible . even if you did get raw data , most processing suites probably are not going to know enough about the sensor data to do a good job of processing it into a decent image .
if you have root , i have created an app , appshare , that will do what you want . paid apps will most likely require you to add the google account that you purchased the app with to the secondary ( 'callum' ) account or else they will probably fail the licence check . this may vary from app to app though . you will have no problems with free apps though , and you should even be able to disable system apps such as gmail etc . to prevent kids messing with anything you do not want them to touch ! without root , i think the only way to do this is add your play account on the secondary account and add some sort of pin protection . although this means that your emails could be accessed on the second account , unless you then remove it after installing the desired app ( which will be a pain everytime ! ) .
as far as i know : not at all . each user account is strictly separated from another and there is no shared folder or app sharing concept at the moment . i have not checked your specific question in detail , however each user has their strictly separated userdata partition where everything is stored ( even their media , on nexus devices ) and cannot access any other 's data residing in their userdata section , which includes user installed apps ( they are in /data/app/ ) .
you can log into your play store account on the other profiles . ( make sure to set a purchase pin if it is on a kids account . ) that way they will have access to any apps you purchase .
if you want a tablet that gets the newest updates on time , get the new nexus 8 that will be coming out soon . there is not really any reason to get another type of android tablet ( although some of samsung 's new stuff is compelling ) since nexus products generally have excellent specs and cost half the price . however , even if you want to go with another manufacturer , there is a pretty vibrant community of people on the internet who prepare updates for various android devices that you can flash onto your device yourself . i bought a $150 chinese tablet last year and was able to get the newest version of android on it even though the manufacturer never would have rolled out an official update . happy traveling in android tablet land !
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
it adds a delay to the buttons you dial when it is dialing . it is for interactive request on the phone ( e . g . press 1 to speak to rossc ) here 's an example that might explain it : say you do the following to top up your phone credit : dial 1741 select option 1 for top up select option 2 for enter code enter 20 digit code ( xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxxxx ) you could simply dial : 1741 &lt;ADD 2 SECOND PAUSE&gt; 1 &lt;ADD 2 SECOND PAUSE&gt; 2 &lt;ADD 2 SECOND PAUSE&gt; XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and it will all process . it literally adds a pause of 2 seconds to the buttons it dials ! my ancient nokia phone used to have a ' p ' for this above the # key . so you would have had 1741 p 1 p 2 etc on it . very convenient for something you regularly call .
this is pretty common on phone ( and previously modem ) diallers . you can use it to get through caller menu systems ( the " press 1 for something , press 2 for something else " type menus ) also known as interactive voice response systems . it is not normally shown as a menu option in the phone 's dialler but you can normally enter a comma , into a dialler to get a short pause . you can then save this phone number along with all the number presses after it as a contact in your phone . i have a contact saved in my mobile phone that calls my work voicemail system , waits a couple of seconds , then enters my pin , then waits another couple of seconds , then presses "1" to hear new voicemails , this lets me do everything i need to do to listen to my messages with one click . it looks a bit like this : 020 1234 5678,,1234#,1  ( the number at the start is the number that is called , the commas are the pauses , and everything after the first pause is used to get through the menus ) when i dealt regularly dealt with the customer services parts of other companies , i had the details saved as a contact on my phone to get all the way through their phone menu system to a real human being with one phone call .
core media formats table from official android developer site states that flac decoder is integrated and available by default in android 3.1 and newer versions . so if you want flac decoder for your stock media player , you either need to get your device upgraded to ics ( 4.0 ) or you can switch to another media player ( such as andless or winamp ) that has its own playback libraries to support multiple codec formats including flac .
the best you can really do currently is to buy them from the market ( web or app ) and then just cancel the download/installation when it starts on your device . this only works with apps your device supports , though . purchasing unsupported apps was the topic of this related question .
use a different email app that does not do it or allows you to shut it off .
it appears it is not possible , even on gmail.com, according to this answer . gmail does understand the " eom " tag at the end of the subject and will not prompt you about having an empty message body if that exists anywhere in the subject ( even if it is the only thing in the subject ) .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
perhaps it is a water damage sticker -- it might go more red if water gets on it , or something .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
you need a google account only if you want to use google services . if you do not want to use google services , you are free not to have a google account . however , it looks like you actually tried to use one of google services ( google maps ) and you were suprised that it requires a google account . by the way , you can use the rest of android without a google account since the operating system itself is free and open source .
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
applications that came installed with the system usually do not allow moving to the sd card ( some may have good reasons ) . you can deal with this as follows ( following this guide ) : adb shell , then su - to get root access ( you will need to have this set up separately using something like superuser ) pm uninstall -k followed by the package name then install the application from the market , in which case you should be able to move it to the sd card .
i connect with my samsung gsii with cm9 to my eduroam network in the university of alicante . here you have the link with instructions in english i followed on how to configure the wifi network : http://si.ua.es/en/wifi/eduroam/peap/eduroam-installation-for-android.html however , the issue is simple , you have to go to wifi settings , and add a new network manually , ssid will have to be " eduroam " and you will see that if you choose "802.1x eap " security setting , more settings will appear where you can insert the info provided in the link of your question . of course you will have to choose as ca certificate the one you installed already . i hope this helps . cheers
search for samba apps some of them allow you to select share folder
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
there are several apps available in a market which hepls you to recover your deleted messages . you should try this one how to recover deleted text messages from an android smartphone
dual sim standby : if you are talking in Sim A when someone calls to Sim B then they will hear Sim B is not reachable . you wont get prompted dual sim active : if you are talking in Sim A when someone calls to Sim B then they will hear your call is on waiting . you will get prompted and you can place the current call in hold and answer the new call . but you should be able to receive call or make calls on both sim when you use internet . gsm arena confirms xperia tipo is no dual standby meaning when you are using one sim to make phone call/ using data the other sim gets off . however , unlike many dual sim phones , in xperia tipo both the sim slot supports 3g sim .
there are actually three types of dual sim phones . dual sim standby ( dss ) : only one sim can be used at a time , 1 radio chip . dual sim dual standby ( dsds ) : two sims can be used at a time , but if one opens a call or data connection , the other is offline . dual sim active ( or sometimes dual sim dual active ) ( dsa/dsda ) : two sims can be used at a time , 2 radio chips . this enables both sims to open calls and/or data connection . since your phone is mentioned as " no dual standby " , it means it is a dss-phone , which allows only one open connection at a time .
go to viber app go to right bottom corner ; you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another click on it click on settings click on calls and messages uncheck free reply with viber there you go , you will not receive double sms notification .
go to viber , in the bottom corner you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another ( menu ) click on it , then click on settings , then on calls and messages , and you should find that option .
alternatively you can go to settings on your android phone , go to sound , then vibration intensity and you can turn notifications off , the only problem is you will lose it when you get text messages . but if you are using mainly whatsapp or viber it makes no odds .
looks like the icon for the " silent " or " vibrate " mode . these icons are different depending on the skin manufacturers/carriers put on their phone , but those wavy lines usually represent vibration .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
it is limited to specific locations , and only available with a data connection . see this question on the location limitations and this question on alternatives .
google 's official list of countries with google maps navigation ( beta ) available is here : http://www.google.com/support/mobile/bin/answer.py?answer=172221 currently 29 countries are listed there . if your country is not in the list , the simplest workaround i found is brut . all ownhere modified changepn google maps apps on xdadev .
the app zt-180 adhoc switcher works with a rooted p1010 tab according to this thread on xda-developers , and as far as i know , ipad can create ad-hoc connections . have not tested this so use at your own risk .
go to your setting and from there click on the application manager once you are on application manager , swipe across the categories to find all . this will give you a list of all applications on your phone . your application manager has three categories - a ) downloaded b ) running and c ) all . once you select all , scroll down the list of applications to find download manager . on download manager , click on the button that says clear data . once the data is cleared , the download notification on the notification window will go away .
i would go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and if you have an entry for picasa , shut off sync for it . if that does not work disable background data in the same place , then go to your media app or wherever you set up the sync and shut it off . if you can not then you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All and clear the data for the relevant app ( s ) .
i have tried but they did not seem to make the icon disappear . after wandering through settings and application as suggested by matthew this is what i finally did and it seems to work : settings --> application --> manage app --> running --> myuploads --> force stop and eventually the icon of ongoing process was gone ! thank you for the important clue ! ! !
it sounds like you have hard-bricked your phone . the only thing you can do to get it back is send it in to get it jtagged , or jtag it yourself . the jtagging process is quite complex and unless you have a lot of experience in hardware hacking , you probably should just send it in to have someone else do it right . i had a similar situation to the one you are in : is there a way to restore my samsung galaxy s3 ( sch-i747 ) ? which ultimately led to : how risky ( if all ) is it to return a rooted android device under &#39 ; warranty&#39 ; i returned my phone to at and t under warranty and they just send me a new one . i did a lot of research on at and t and samsung to see their policies on returned phones . basically after searching the internet for a couple of days i had concluded that the general consensus is this : should you return a bricked phone that you were trying to root ? no , it is a breach of the warranty and the warranty is null and void will i get caught if i try to return a phone that i bricked while trying to root it ? highly unlikely . if your device is not under warranty , then you have to send it in to get jtagged . in order for your phone to get jtagged , they have to open it up and do all sorts of stuff to it . if your warranty is still in effect , i would highly recommend going that route first .
right now skype for android is limited to vzw , but you are not missing much . you can not use it to make skype out calls over a data connection , only skype to skype calls . you can make skype out calls but vzw redirects the call over their voice network so it uses your minutes . also , you can not use it over wifi , only on 3g . i believe vzw is behind all these restrictios , and i believe that the carrier restrictions are not from skype either . most carriers will block the app unless its gutted like the skype app for vzw . if you want a full featured skype app , do not hold your breath . i suspect the carriers will continue to work dilligently to f#@k up the experience . if you are looking to make data calls , look into finding a good sip service and use sipdroid . you could also try frings new fring out service but i am not very optomistic about that one . update : it is now possible to make skype out calls over 3g with some hacks
as of skype 2.1 for android ( august 4 , 2011 ) , according to the skype blog . the following android devices are supported : acer a5 htc desire ( 2.2 ) htc desire hd htc evo 3d htc evo 4g htc flyer htc incredible s htc sensation htc thunderbolt - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) lg revolution - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung droid charge - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung galaxy s samsung galaxy s ii samsung galaxy tab sony ericsson xperia mini pro sony ericsson xperia play sony ericsson xperia ray
skype is avaiable now for everyone on the market , in case you are still looking !
not until skype opens up their app on other carriers . which rumors keep coming out that it will happen soon , but has not yet . xda has some threads on attempting to get skype working on non vzw phones , but no dice .
if you want to make skype calls over wifi you can use fring or nimbuzz , both should be available in the market . i think you can also do calls over 3g but ymmv and it will eat into your data plan like a fat kit in a chocolate warehouse . if you are on verizon wireless in the us or on three in the uk ( possibly elsewhere ) you can download an official skype app that only uses data for presence ( who is logged in etc ) , when you want to make a skype call it calls a toll free number which is then redirected to skype so it is not using your data allowance and not killing the network for others . i do not know about the us but in the uk this only works over 3g and will often fail to work if you have wireless enabled and are within range of a wifi network . using this app on three ( uk ) you can make skype out calls and even configure your phone to automatically use skype for international phone calls instead of just dialling the number normally .
there was an official skype lite app available on international android markets for quite a while ( it was definitely on the uk market at one time as i had it on my old phone ) , but they have pulled that totally now , and as far as i know it is literally only available to one carrier in one country , which seems like a bizarre decision .
some android devices with usb-on-the-go ( or usb host mode ) support can use a usb ethernet adapter , when connected through a usb-on-the-go connector . if your device supports this , you can buy a usb ethernet adapter and connect it to your network that way . if your device does not support that , you can use reverse-tethering to connect your device through usb to your pc 's network connection ( the pc acts like a router ) . see the existing questions with this tag to learn more about that .
not sure if this is what you are looking for , but the default calendar allows you to repeat events . the following repeat options exist : none daily weekly ( every sunday ) every 2 weeks ( sunday ) monthly ( every last sun ) monthly ( on day 29 ) yearly ( on april 29 ) note : the dates are sunday , because it is sunday here .
google tasks organizer lite by tinjasoft does that .
astrid has support for scheduled reminders based on completion date . cloud support is also present - tasks sync with astrid . com also remember the milk allows a user to schedule due dates depending on the completion of a task - one needs to enter " after x days " instead of " every x days " . android and ios apps available .
any . do is very good , easy to use , flexible and has postponable reminders . they also have a cal extension . millions use any . do every day to remember all the tasks they want to-do and make sure they get them done . key benefits : seamless cloud sync , speech recognition , alerts , any . do moment , snooze tasks , google task sync , notes , sub tasks , amazing widgets , repeating / recurring tasks , missed call , auto complete , in app actions , gesture support and much more !
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
this is possible . you can use android 's new tool ui-automator to click and interact with any view or button on the system including hitting " activate " for device admin . here 's how : get ui-automator running . ( go to " configure your development environment " and setup a new java project ) . write some code to interact with your preferences list and click " activate " . example : uiscrollable settingsitem = new uiscrollable ( new uiselector ( ) . classname ( "android . widget . listview" ) ) ; uiobject listbutton = settingsitem . getchildbytext ( new uiselector ( ) . classname ( "android . widget . linearlayout" ) , " enable device admin" ) ; listbutton . click ( ) ; ( new uiobject ( new uiselector ( ) . text ( "activate" ) ) ) . clickandwaitfornewwindow ( ) ; me . celebratewith ( new beer ( ) ) ; compile it : ant build push the jar file : adb -d push bin/LookoutTest.jar /data/local/tmp/ launch your settings activity : adb shell am start -S "'com.android.settings/.Settings\$DeviceAdminSettingsActivity'" run the automation : adb -d shell uiautomator runtest LookoutTest.jar -c DALaunch party .
it is not possible . the settings code is specifically written to prevent this . the closest you can come is to bring up the device administration settings page in the settings app . you can do this with : adb shell am start -S "'com.android.settings/.Settings\$DeviceAdminSettingsActivity'" 
try betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you information on which apps/processes/services are initiating wakelocks , how many times they are doing it and how long they are keeping the device from going into a deep sleep . this may help you identify if it is an app or a system process that is going crazy and waking your phone when it should be idle . they both have free versions but i have only used the pro version so i am not sure if the free versions will accomplish the same thing .
try uninstalling some applications . the same thing happened to me and i fixed it by uninstalling my most recently installed app .
this happened to me , samsung galaxy s3 , was killing the battery . after chasing my tail wrt applications , i found a post about the power connector on the bottom of the phone . if it gets slightly bent down it will cause a problem ( short against something i assume ) and cause the screen to intermittently become active . take a non-conductive ( not metal ) thin piece of something and very gently move the power connector so it is centered in the hole where it sits . then try hooking up the power charger ; it is easy to move it too much , so the it can not plug in . the idea is to center the connector in the hole . if this looks beyond you , find your nearest friendly geek . fixes the problem immediately .
i am one of responsible developer of uzumapps . we developed app called " wakelock detector" ( wld ) for showing statistics of wakelock usage . it is an alternative app for betterbatterystats or gsam monitor . if your screen lightens up randomly , then i think some app is holding " full_wake_lock " with acquire_causes_wakeup flag , check : powermanager our app shows " full_wake_lock " statistics also , which will help you to determine the suspicious app . most probably it will be the currently running process . wld at googleplay
i fixed it by flashing clockworkmod and the boot image manually . then , i used the volume down and power buttons to get into it . now , i am running android 4.0.4 ics again .
what worked for me was going onto my pc , opening gmail contacts , and deleting the contact photos one by one . then voila , the non-compressed pictures are back on my android .
apparently , this is fixed as of android 4.1 jelly bean : see the api overview for jelly bean and you find this :
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 64×64 , while ics supports up to 256×256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
i am not sure if your issue is the one i am addressing : gmail does not save anything bigger than 96x96 . so when your contacts are synced with gmail , they are downsized . if you wipe your phone and re-sync , the 96x96 photos will be downloaded to your phone . i could not find any solution but to write my own app , which uploads the high quality photos to picasaweb under a private album . give the app a try : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oxplot.contactphotosync
let 's get one thing clear , the contact resolution is still too damn low , even after the " fix " for 4.1 where the pictures were slightly enlarged . as of now , there is only one workaround if you want crisp contact pictures . create a folder with high resolution contact pictures . it is a great idea to backup this folder to dropbox or similar , you do not want to have to collect these pictures again . download hd contacts ( free ) from google play . this app will let you specify one " hd " ( high resolution ) contact picture for each contact . you can backup the database of contacts/apps from here , and you can redo all contact pictures in a batch when needed ( like after installing a new rom ) . until this is fixed server side and google allows the sync of shiny high resolution pictures , all we can discuss is workarounds , and this is the one i find to work the best .
i have a samsung galaxy nexus running ics 4.0.4 . when i navigate to the settings-> accounts and synchronization screen and select an account ( specifically the account i use for google talk and the google play store ) those two apps are not present in the list of apps that can be enabled / disabled for background synchronization . if these apps are performing background synchronization , it is no longer a user settable option to disable it .
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
this is not directly possible ( as noted in the comment below your question ) . you can let google save them to their cloud : go to : settings-> privacy and enable those two options : back up my data ( back up application data , wi-fi passwords , [ . . . ] ) automatic restore also , say yes when you are prompted if you want to restore data during the first time set up of your new sgs3 . if you have done the first time setup already withouth that option enabled , then maybe the automatic restore settings does it afterwards ( not tried yet , though ) .
this is probably because of the amount of ram on the device you are using . it sounds like the system gave the ram that was being used by chrome to the phone app . it saw that chrome was no longer the active app and the phone app was requesting more ram so in order to free up the ram it had to close chrome . if chrome was using a majority of the system ram , and a new app requested access to the ram , the system needed to free some up . since you did not specify what device you have though , this is really only a guess .
android has two mechanisms that claim memory back from the applications that you run . one mechanism is called oom and is an integral part of linux . it activates only when the memory is really needed for something else . a phone call would normally not trigger this mechanism . playing a game would , or copying large amounts of files from internal storage to sdcard . the other mechanism is native to android , and closes applications that have not recently been used . the exact defintion of " recently " is a moving target . it changes with every release of android , and also with the specific modifications that the manufacturer has made to it . only the application that is currently visible is always recent enough to not be killed under this mechanism , on every version of android . apparently on your system and phonecall is enough to trigger that . you can try two things to avoid this to happen . one is to switch back to chrome while you talk on the phone . use the multitasking functionality of your phone to do that . chrome will then be the most recent app and android should respect that even during long calls . note that your call wont be killed either under the same mechanism , because it handles audible interaction , which also makes it a currently used app even when not visible . the other thing to try is an app that i made . its originally designed to solve this very same problem for the opera mobile browser ( now called opera classic ) . its flexible enough to let you use it with chrome . however i dont know if it really helps , your mileage may vary . you can download it for free here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2269810 there is also another aspect to your problem , namely memory management inside chrome ( not android ) . i vaguely recall that chrome can evict tabs from memory when you look at other tabs . if that is true , the above tricks might only help you to keep chrome itself alive but the previously loaded content may still be gone . in this case , only a new improved version of chrome can solve your problem , or switching to other browsers . i know that opera classic does not evict single tabs from memory , neither does opera mini . they either stay 100% in memory , or they are killed 100% at once . if you dont like those two , you may want to test other browsers specifically for this property and then apply one of the mentioned tricks to keep them always in memory .
according to this wikipedia entry , this is enhanced version of hspa+ . now , reading from the telephony source in jellybean , depending if its gsm , between the two lines numbered 72 and 107 , there is nothing in there that indicates , the automatic detection of the usage of dc-hspa and is probably being treated as hspa+ for now in the interim , so its very highly likely that it will show up as a ' h ' or '3g ' . and then again , that is dependent on the compile-time specifications used when the rom was built , to elect to show '3g ' , ' h+' or even ' h ' on the status bar .
some disambiguation : ics is abbreviation of " ice cream sandwich , " or android 4.0 . x release . bootloader is code that runs before the operating system even starts . see more details here : in literal terms , bootloader is code that is executed before any operating system starts to run . the concept of bootloaders is universal to virtually all operating systems that inculcates operating systems on your pc , laptop , smartphones , and other such devices . bootloaders basically package the instructions to boot operating system kernel and most of them also have their own debugging or modification environment . as the bootloader kicks off before any piece of software on your device , it makes it extremely processor specific and every motherboard has it’s own bootloader . this is one reason that all android phones have different custom roms developed due to high variance of processing hardware present on the device . . . . every android phone has a bootloader that instructs the operating system kernel to boot normally . but you need to understand one thing here that as android os is an open source os and is available on a variety of different hardware , every manufacturer has their own version of bootloader specific for the hardware present in it’s environment . heimdall and odin are tools for flashing images to samsung phones . the problem : the issue is that samsung made some modifications to the bootloader code for their release of android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) on galaxy s3 models . this means that custom roms that were created on older 4.0 base will no longer be compatible with new bootloader . the new bootloaders , however , are backwards-compatible with older pre-4.1 based roms , so upgrading the bootloader will not prevent you from flashing cm9 , for example . the assert errors you are seeing are from trying to flash such incompatible roms . these validations were put in for your protection , and you should not remove them from the updater scripts . the solution : you should upgrade your phone 's bootloader to the proper version , as specified in that blog post . the instructions for updating the bootloader are here : download the correct update : i747u ( at and t ) * i747ucalg1 - jul 1 , 2012 - boot_cwm_i747ucalg1 . zip - 1.13 mb * i747ucdlk3 - nov 3 , 2012 - boot_cwm_i747ucdlk3 . zip - 1.13 mb * i747ucdmg2 - jul 2 , 2013 - boot_cwm_i747ucdmg2 . zip - 1.13 mb * i747ucuemjb - oct 11 , 2013 - boot_cwm_i747ucuemjb . zip - 1.14 mb warning : do not attempt to downgrade from this bootloader . doing so will brick your device . use extra caution when flashing anything via odin , as many odin packages will attempt to flash the bootloader . i747m ( canada and overseas ) * i747mvluemk5 - nov 5 , 2013 - boot_cwm_i747mvluemk5 . zip - 1.14 mb warning : do not attempt to downgrade from this bootloader . doing so will brick your device . use extra caution when flashing anything via odin , as many odin packages will attempt to flash the bootloader . depending on which type of update package you downloaded , follow one of the following steps : flashing with odin download odin : link put your phone into download mode . some roms have this option in the power > reboot menu , otherwise just hold " volume down " and " home " while powering on your device . launch odin , then connect the usb cable to your device . click the " pda " button and select the package you downloaded in step click " start " in odin and wait for the process to complete . your device should reboot automatically when the flash is complete , and you are done . flashing in recovery if you have downloaded a flashable . zip from above , copy it to your sd card or internal storage . reboot your phone into recovery mode ( you can do this by holding " volume up " and " home " while powering on your device ; let go of the buttons when you see " recovery booting . . . " in blue text in the top left of the screen ) and install the . zip as an update . reboot , and you are done . note : after flashing in recovery , you need to reboot before you ( and rom installers ) actually see the new version number . it looks like you have the canadian s3 , so you will need to upgrade to the i747mvluemk5 bootloader . after you flash it , you should be able to install newer cm versions without any errors .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
vlc media player for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.videolan.vlc.betav7neon
to the date , there is no functionality to disable this feature . actually this was implemented to make it easier for the user to recognize and remeber the number easily . i did some search and found out that other people have the same problem as well . what i suggest is to move on to a custom dialer app which suit you the best , if this grouping feature really annoys you .
touchdown is your only option to fix this . an admin at my company got his motorola droid 2 and had the same problem . we tried everything we could find online in an attempt to sync all his contacts . eventually we came across touchdown , paid the 19.99 and it worked fine . with the exception of notes it cleared up all the short comings of the stock android exchange sync . side note : i do not personally use touchdown nor am i affiliated with them in any way .
if you know where the photo was taken then a desktop app that lets you edit the picture 's exif info , like microsoft 's pro photo tools , will let you add a geotag later . in pro photo tools it is as easy as using the built-in bing map viewer to put a pin on the map , no need to mess around with latitudes and longitudes if you do not want to . as for editing on the phone , i can se a lot of apps that let you view or erase the exif info , including plotting your pictures on maps , but can not see one that lets you add this info on the phone . you could use something like geologger to log your position on the phone , so that you can use that later on to add to photos if they have not been properly geotagged .
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
if you want sane information , i recommend sane commands : ) ( no offense meant , just kidding ) . so the question should read : how to obtain log information from an android device ? and now we are on the better side . there are multiple approaches which can be used : utilize apps to display ( color-coded ) log information utilize adb ( part of the android sdk ) to remotely extract the very same information use ssh from remote ( or a local terminal app ) to aquire the information directly from the device to fully handle this topic it takes more than this simple answer ( if interested , you can e.g. find more detailed information on many web sites , or in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android , which i had the honour to translate into german . there are probably many other sources as well . so i will just give a few examples here to get you started : utilizing apps the probably best known app in this context is alogcat , available for free in the playstore ( and the dev will happily accept your donation for the other variant of the same app ) . you will find a screenshot below 1 . the app allows you to filter the logs , to start/stop recording log messages , and even to store the recorded snippets to your sd-card -- of course in plain text , as you requested . another app in this section is log collector , which simply tries to grab the entire available log and send it via the share menu 2 . the android debug bridge ( adb ) the android software development kit ( sdk ) includes the adb command for various tasks . amongst many others , it offers the adb shell to execute commands on the device . using this , you can gather your desired log information as well : just prefix below commands with adb shell . command prompt on the device using a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator or terminal ide ) you can access the logs directly at the command prompt , locally on your device . a little more comfortable , this can be done running a ssh server ( e . g . droidsshd or dropbear ssh server ) on your device , and access it from your computer . this way you can work on a big screen , while investigating your logs . commands to access your log information there are a lot of powerful commands you can use to access your log information from the command line , and i will only give a few examples here . dmesg the dmesg command extracts the kernel log : logcat with logcat , you can access many logging information -- but most times , this will require root . it has some parameters to filter the information , e.g. by selecting the log buffer to read with -b . please read the information provided on the developers page on logcat for details . to give you two examples : logcat -b events would list up events , or logcat -b radio information on your device 's radio modul . dumpsys and dumpstate the two commands dumpsys and dumpstate give you detailed system information : bugreport and if you are too lazy to remember them all , simply use the bugreport command -- which calls all above and bundles it for a nice , humm , bug report to the developer . . . of course , you can redirect the output from all those commands to a file to copy to your computer , and in most cases you should do so -- as your screen buffer would be far too small to handle it all : bugreport &gt; /mnt/sdcard/bugreport.txt would be one example for that part .
for developers ( or other interested parties ) who need to parse this raw file , here are some resources : logcat ( the program that can output binary logs ) , it calls android_logger_list_read() to gather log entries : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/logcat/logcat.cpp information about android logging in general : http://elinux.org/android_logging_system the low-level logging library for reading/writing logs : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/liblog an utility to dump raw ( binary ) logs , optionally switching versions : https://lekensteyn.nl/files/logread.c kernel source for logger : https://github.com/android/kernel_common/blob/android-3.10/drivers/staging/android/logger.c the actual format of the log format is detailled at : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/master/include/log/logger.h a copy of the relevant parts , slightly annotated and re-ordered for your convenience : you can tell the differences versions apart by looking at the third and four byte . the format is apparently also dependent on the endianness of your platform . for v1 messages , __pad equals to 0 . v2 ( and v3 ) messages use 24 ( 0x18 ) . the msg field is interpreted as follows ( source ) : priority : 1 byte tag : 0 or more bytes literal \0 as separator message : 0 or more bytes literal \0 as terminator if this message is truncated , the trailing \0 may be missing .
the other answers ( except for matthew read 's original answer ) are completely incorrect . you can choose whether your installed apps are stored on the 1gb system memory or on the 15gb data memory . i have a nexus s and can confirm this is the case . you do not need a rooted phone or apps2sd to do this ; it is built-in to the standard build .
i believe the 1 gb is for the /system folder , which is not normally mounted via usb . the rest of the space is usable for your apps ! i have a galaxy s and this is how it works , plus there is an external sd card .
nexus s is only using 1gb of its 16gb memory for internal storage which only left 971mb for applications . this is very limited . i read this from test av google nexus s - a deep review in swedish .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
i was looking for the same answers on the same question . this post from the cm team had all the answers i was looking for : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles
as listed in http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles ( already mentioned ) , the only support for automatic switching provided out-of-the-box with cyanogenmod is via clock ( alarms ) application . each alarm can also trigger a profile change . for wifi- , location- , etc- based changes you had have to use other options . some of them are also listed on the above wiki page .
when updating to 10.1.3 , the google maps icon becomes visible at the bottom of the profile being edited . there , you can select triggers based on joining a certain wi-fi network , etc .
actually with no additional applications , they can switch automatically say on a particular wifi connection/disconnection , but discovering that feature is hiding in a most non-intuitive location . at the bottom of the profile edit page hiding near your home button you will see a " google map " placemarker icon . click on it . that takes you to the trigger page , where you can set the profile to automagically activate/deactivate on wifi or bluetooth and i think nfc though i have never used that particular tech " feature " looking for a useful purpose .
the amount of scroll you get on a fling is based on the friction assigned to that flick action . in the stock browser the friction assigned to the vertical fling is really low . so your fling is not a command to get to the top / bottom of the page , there just is not enough friction to stop you from getting there . you can test this by finding an insanely long page and giving it a good fling . you will go pretty far but you will not reach the bottom . the chrome mobile application applies a bit more friction to the vertical fling , so that same mighty flick you got so much travel from in the stock browser will not get you quite as far in chrome mobile . all that aside , it would probably be worthwhile to send a request via the help page that google use the same friction coefficient on both apps for consistency .
uc browser or maxthon browser have the quick scroll/page down function .
i must say , that is the weirdest thing relating to android hardware that i have heard . but anyway ! i would say that your next step would be to do a rom re-flash using odin . however , there are not any images available for the ace 3 . so , i am assuming wifi does not work at all ? being as soon as you turn it on , it turns your phone off ? because that sounds almost like your wifi modem has a some sort of " short " ( that is the best word i could think of - i am not necessarily saying an electrical short ) in it , and it is causing your phone to die . sounds like you may be due for a new phone , unfortunately .
i believe your installation was selected for the experiment ( aka field trial ) . the chrome team sometimes rolls experimental features to a limited number of users ( like 2% of all installation ) . then they gather some statistics to see how this feature performs . the new style of the new tab page seems to be one of those experiments . you can turn it on ( and off ) via chrome://flags page in your browser ( search for enable-new-ntp ) .
please make sure contact syncing is enabled for the particular activesync account . you can check by going to settings > accounts . select your activesync account and ensure contacts are selected . you can also check accounts settings from the contact app by opening the menu . then try creating a new contact , it should prompt you to choose a destination ( phone , email etc ) .
as liam pointed out , ota updates tend to " remove " root access -- and most likely they also patch the places used by known root exploits to prevent future rooting . one thing he recommended was flashing back the old firmware , and root it the way you did -- which is a common way to obtain root . from there on you have basically two choices to update and still keep root : flash a custom rom , or ( if you want to go with stock ) take a look at ota rootkeeper : free tool trying to protect root across manufacturer 's ota updates . also serves as temporary un-root ( see statement ) ( for more details , see the app 's description in the playstore ) .
the oem update will have caused by you are to lose root due to the fact that stock rom 's are not rooted . this update will have most likely blocked the use of simple rootkit exploits , which is how all of the one click root solutions work . it your oem upgrade was to ics , then google blocked rootkits in version 4.0 onwards . if it was not an upgrade to ics or later , then oem has patched the os for all of the common exploits . if this is the case , then the only way to root you device would be to do we fastboot to flash a rooted boot . img file , or the old firmware so you can use a one click here root solution again . it is generally recommended that once you have rooted , you do not use oem updates for this reason .
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
there are sms apps in the market that allow you to customize notifications by sender . handcent sms is the one that i have used .
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
you might want as well to set an incognito tab as homepage , so that everytime you will open your default android browser , an incognito tab will open . here ' how : open stock/android 's default browser . open a new incognito tab goto settings > general set home page > current page . now you have an incognito page as your default page ( and it will autonatically open , when you open your browser ) .
i do not know about the default browser being able to -- but searching the playstore for incognito browser yielded a bunch of promising results : inbrowser promises to be a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience for android 1.6 and upwards including honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . looks like it knows nothing else than " incognito browsing " ( i.e. . no other mode ) . rated 4.3 stars with 2000+ votes , it sounds very promising . incognito private browser seems to be comparable . again a 4.3 star rating , but not yet 100 votes ( too new , i guess ) frost lite - private browser is a third example i want to mention here : rated 4.4 stars at about 1,500 votes it seems to be more feature-rich than aforementioned browsers ( e . g . offers tabbed browsing ) . for more details , just follow the links . for more examples , use the first link to my playstore search results . i would like very much to offer you a solution for the pre-installed browser as well -- but unfortunately , i a ) do not know any , and b ) i think it unlikely . of course i love to learn better -- so anybody , please correct me if i am wrong with my assumption : )
tl ; dr - naked browser is the only browser for android you can trust as truly private with each new browsing session . setting the android browser home page to the current page on an incognito browser does not actually start incognito mode . it just opens the static page that launches with incognito mode . you can tell because when you switch to the address bar , there is no incognito man logo . same when you open the tabs view . as per private browsing , none of those browsers give the authentic incognito mode features . test by doing a google search then exit the browser . relaunch and navigate back to google . when you focus on the search bar , if your previous search appears in purple in a drop down list , then obviously not all information is being destroyed between browsing sessions . my method : although not advertised as a private browser , naked browser has advanced privacy features that essentially allow you to start in incognito mode . this is the only browser i tried ( i spent hours testing different " private " browsers ) that actually started each session from scratch when the delete history on exit option was selected . you can also use a custom url for searching from the address bar , so by default all inquiries in my set up go through https://encrypted.google.com . bonuses : you can disable javascript and cookies as well . if you buy the pro version you can whitelist individual sites to allow cookies/javascript ( it is like a simplified noscript extension ! ) . there are also other detailed settings like custom actions for long pressing links that can be combined with gestures . for example , in my settings , long pressed links open in new tabs in the background , but if i follow through with a side swipe gesture , i will switch to the tab . i can also double tap and swipe up/down to reach the bottom/top of the page ( useful ! ) . a two finger swipe down will open a new tab and swiping left/right at the bottom will switch through background tabs . anyway ! all the basic privacy options are there in the free version , but i am so blown away ( still , almost a year later ) that i am gushing about how great naked browser ( pro ) is . not the prettiest browser but far and away the best ( and fastest ? ) !
no , it is not . a windows rt bootloader would have to be leaked and customised for the tf201 , would like to see it as well though ; - )
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
i know that in the browser you could do : CTRL+I = Zoom-in on page. CTRL+O = zoom-out on page.  i wonder if this works in some other applications . have you tried the + and - keys ? how about CTRL++ or CTRL+- ?
no , sorry . the only way to use pinch zoom is to pinch zoom - using multitouch .
under " settings " then " call settings " in gingerbread there are two settings that might be doing this . 1 call forwarding . this might be referring incoming calls to a dead number . 2 call rejection . this could be rejecting your calls - just adjust the options set . if you have a new phones but amended its ' birth ' number to the original number you used on the old network this might have something to do with it too . i did once have a phone which in certain situations remembered its original number which was by then not live on any network- just a thought .
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
i use " es file explorer " as a file explorer on my device . this allows the creation of file shortcuts . once installed , just choose the homepage you want the shortcut , press and hold on the homescreen and you should be prompted to add a widget / app / shortcut . in shortcuts , choose " es file explorer " and it then lets you choose the file you want a shortcut for . perhaps if used in conjunction with a git app you can create the shortcut to a file within a repo saved on your device ? never tried it but do not see why it would not work
uninstalling the app that is doing this is your best bet . as you have noticed , it is an unreasonable liberty to take with your phone . there is another possibility : i made an app burly which lets you control what your phone does when an app tries to open a web link , such as to a play store app page . even when other apps ( such as the play store app ) can open the link directly , it lets you preview what link will open , and create rules . you can make a rule to automatically ignore links to apps on google play , except when you allow it first . burly is a free download from google play . after you install it , the next time an app tries to open a link to the google play website ( which would normally open directly in the play store app ) , android will ask you what app to use . choose burly from the list , long-tap do nothing ( ignore this link ) from the list of actions , and then click save rule and go .
are you clicking on ads inside apps ? because they would pop-up play store immediately . remove all those apps which pops-up ads very frequently . if no - try signing out of the play store and stop it forcibly using app manager . then start it and login again . post what happened .
volume limiter i stumbled upon your question googling the same thing
i strongly recommend using appmonster ( or rather appmonster pro ) not only for this issue , but in general . it can create backups of all your installed apps , and the pro version even offers to do so automatically on each install/update . that way you cannot only transfer .apk files to another device ( as in your current case ) , but also have a fall-back available in case an update breaks stuff ( or removed features ) : as appmonster keeps multiple backups ( one per install/update ) , you can easily revert to any version previously installed . saved my day more than once .
if you are rooted you can go to /data/app in your file manager and can copy the files . if you are not rooted you can use any one of the following app apk extractor bluetooth app sender
try es file explorer under settings select app manager and select all apps . and select backup on the action bar below . a backup of all apps apk is created to your sd card probably under backups folder ( or check /set backup folder on your es file explorer , settings-> directory settings ) now you have got all apps apk . . you can either transfer them through bluetooth/wi-fi /usb connection you can select system apps too if your phone 's rooted
everything you have bought or installed from the play store is listed under your account . a lot of the time apps that have been withdrawn from the store are still visible to people who've used them before in this list : https://play.google.com/apps if you look down that list then you should be able to see the apps that you have installed before and push them to any of your devices .
i am not sure about manufacturer skins like samsung 's touchwiz , but aosp has the feature you are looking for . in google 's contacts app , for any contact entry , there is an option to send ' all calls to voicemail ' . when someone rings you with this enabled , it will ring for 5 to 15 seconds and , of course , go straight to voicemail . alternatively , you may want to look at this app . i have not tested it , so i cannot confirm that the behaviour between the two is identical .
this is a network function and no app will be able to perform the behaviour you are looking for . at best , you can create a custom " silent " ringtone for a known number . else , if you had prefer pressing the volume buttons will usually mute the ringing while giving the dialler the perception that the call remains unanswered .
that would be more of carrier dependent and network related , plus , the programmatic api is not well documented hence a lot of third party call blocking apps , inevitably , do send a reject/hangup upon receiving a blacklisted number . what the op is asking for , is actually , going down deeper into the nuts and bolts of telephony layer which is blocked off due to : proprietary nature of the binary supporting code that enables gsm/cdma telephony . proprietary chipset used for gsm/cdma communications at a low-level . if that was available and documented , there would be a lot of call-blocking apps on the play store , that can do the call-screening in the proper way that would be expected of . edit as an afterthought to this answer , a vital part should be noted - google blocked the MODIFY_PHONE_STATE permission in gingerbread 2.3.7 onwards ( it was available on earlier versions of android ) , see this issue which annoyed developers of those third party call blocking software , thus call-block will fail on newer versions of android , that permission is what enabled third party apps to send a reject/hangup upon receiving said blacklisted number .
short answer i would not recommend deleting the folder itself , but it should be pretty safe to delete its content ( i.e. . the files inside ) . i am just afraid you will not be able to do so – unless you have root access on your device . explanation core dumps ( on some android devices also called " tombstones " , which somehow explains their purpose ) are generated when an app crashes ( or force-closes ) . they usually contain a complete dump of the memory that app was using , plus some additional information – and are intended for debugging purposes ( to provide the developer with information about the state the app was in when it crashed – hence " tombstones " , describing the " dead of a process" ) . the system itself does not need them at all , so deleting them should be pretty safe . however , depending on implementation , the system might rely on the fact the folder is there – so removing the folder along might have " negative side-effects " ( should not , but who knows ) . as an empty folder is not using up any space , it should not hurt to keep it . on the other hand : as its only purpose is collecting those " crash reports " , and as they probably will not go anywhere either : who cares whether " writing those crash-logs crashes " ? ; )
one solution would be to use a program such as teamviewer and set the computer 's cursor to a red dot , or just use the regular cursor . teamviewer has a program that runs on the computer , and an app that allows you to control the computer from your phone . i think it would work quite well for what you have in mind .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
you can try using the phone warrior app . it helps to block unwanted calls and sms
there is not an option that allows you to do it on stock android , you had have to use an app . i have used blacklist before .
use truecaller app ! you can even block a number from sending you texts !
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
try feedly on the play store ; )
after posting the question here , i contacted all the different developers of google reader apps on the android market that i could find . so far only one developer has answered whose app does exactly what i am looking for , but 1 is good enough ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidlab7.reader.pro i have tried it out on a gawker media rss feed ( deadspin ) and cbc sports news , works perfectly and fetches the full article , no more annoying browser pop up ! in the top right corner there is a button that executes the " mobilizing " functionality , which is the scrape that i was looking for . if/when i hear back from other developers i will post it up more links .
my app full feed does 50% of this and is free . it can fetch full content of rss feeds on android , but has no google reader sync yet .
newsrob pro also fetches the full feeds . you can choose between readability and some other methods . it works but i am not a huge fan , it was just the best one that i found ( i did not try d7 though ) .
hi i personnaly use greader which has an integrated browser that lets you load the article inside the reader ! no need to open a new browser window , it is a no-friction process !
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
when you are in the gesture settings you need to click on the tab that says " dolphin sonar settings " in the bottom right hand corner . there you will have the option to " enable bottom left button . " this puts the new " dual purpose " gesture and sonar button in the bottom left hand corner . fwiw , i think the whole sonar thing is annoying and i do not understand why they reduced the customization options . i prefer my gesture button on the right !
the gestures icon is now multi purpose . when you click the icon and the dolphin sonar comes up , there are two buttons on the bottom . that will toggle between sonar and gestures , remembering which one you had setup last .
i have never seen such a file on ics . you could simply try to move the file to your pc and see if everything works . i think it is pretty safe to do so , because critical system files are usually not placed on the sd card .
i do not think it is normal> i had a similar issue on my samsung s2 . some people have reported that this was created by the generation of log files ( alog_* ) ; others from anr_history.txt . if you can root your device , you can safely delete these files . if you cannot root your device , then you need to factory restet the phone in order to wipe all the data .
download a text-to-speech app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.svox.classichl=en
there are several apps with tts ( text-to-speech ) support , which enables them to " talk to you " -- so that is what you should look for on the playstore : tts . so a playstore-search for tts will result in a bunch off apps ( "at least 1000 results" ) matching your request . now you can close in by redefining " other things " to something more specific . add that " more specific " term to your query by prefixing it with a "+" sign -- so e.g. a search on " tts +ebook " will give you ebook reader apps with tts support ( plus some self-reading books as it looks like ) , " tts +translation " some language translator apps ( you say it in your language -- and they speak back in a foreign language ; very useful when travelling in a foreign country , as long as they take the answer from the natives as well to translate it back ) . now you should have got the idea , and can continue with other examples : )
jes today i root my samsung galaxy s4 mini with kingo root it works .
i have had the same problem . try downloading custom locale from the play store and you can select your language . do a reboot once you have changed the settings in the app and it will have reflected it in the device settings .
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
you could take a look at systempanel 1 or system tuner 2 . both let you monitor your ressource consumption ( not only battery ) , and ( at least in their respective pro versions ) also offer to do so in background , collecting data for later evaluation . system tuner 2 also offers a bunch of nice widgets 3 for your homescreen , if you need to watch things for a while . edit : after seeing mihic 's comment above , i noticed i missed another important point : while up to froyo , " dialing " the magic number *#*#4636#*#* brought up a nice system menu ( it still does that part ) including many battery stats , the latter ( battery stats ) have been removed since gingerbread . if your device is rooted , betterbatterystats can bring those back -- and do a great deal to help you identifying battery hogs : these two screenshots show you the most important information betterbatterystats provides : which apps used the most battery power while the device tried to sleep 3 -- and those who kept the device awake 4 , preventing deepsleep and such " powersave mode " . just helped me getting 20% more battery out of my device ; )
this would indicate that you are not connected to the internet . when you did the factory reset , the apn data for your network/carrier might have been erased . you will have to check with your network/carrier for the correct apn settings . you can also connect to a wifi network to connect your google account . you can enter the apn settings by going to System Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Mobile Networks-&gt;Access Point Names-&gt;Menu Button-&gt;Add New .
this problem is just only in gp and airtel internet . gp sucks . try on teltalk or citycell . u can login android market easily . leave gp .
i use android app called superbeam which enables wifi direct and enables you to get full wifi speed .
for this task i use an app called shoutr . as i could see it is using the built in wifi and so you get the full wifi speed . i like the interface ; it is very easy to share music , videos and photos with friends on the way .
there are many variables that affect the performance of each method you have mentioned . additionally there is also the necessary configuration and requirements that each device must have in order to have solutions like this working . as requested , lets summarize and compare possible performances between usb ; wi-fi and bluetooth : usb : usb performance can be extremely low or very high , depending on the available usb version , which in turn , combined with the sdcard reading/writing speed on each device allows us to accurately measure and ascertain the transfer speed . there is also the physical limitation of the usb cable length that for some scenarios becomes a limitation . usb 1.0 : 1.5 mbit/s ( low-bandwidth ) and 12 mbit/s ( full-bandwidth ) usb 2.0 : 480 mbit/s ( effective throughput up to 35 mb/s ) usb 3.0 : 5 gbit/s ( 625 mb/s ) which is more than 10 times as fast as usb 2 wi-fi wi-fi loses limitations like cable length , but then again we need to account for the 802.11 protocol being used , the signal strength and range to accurately measure results : more about wi-fi protocols from wikipedia . wi-fi direct wi-fi direct , initially called wi-fi p2p , is a wi-fi standard that enables devices to connect easily with each other without requiring a wireless access point . here the communication is performed at typical wi-fi speeds for everything from file transfer to internet connectivity . essentially , wi-fi direct falls under the same values presented at the wi-fi table ( yet again keeping in mind that signal strength and range are the key factors for a good performance ) . more about wi-fi direct from wikipedia . bluetooth while we need to ascertain several influencing factors to determine if wi-fi is faster than usb , bluetooth is with no doubt in last place when we speak about transfer speed . designed as a proprietary open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances , the maximum speeds are below the two concurrent options : more about bluetooth from wikipedia . android beam being a fairly recent technology , android beam allows users to transfer data between devices with near field communication ( nfc ) capabilities . nfc is even slower than bluetooth ( both short-range communication technologies ) and is limited to about 20cm of range getting up to 424 kbit/s . on a positive note , nfc sets up more quickly than standard bluetooth and the connection between two nfc devices is automatically established : technical comparison : only relevant aspects to this answer , for full table see wikipedia . summary based on the specifications for each method and their respective version , my classification ordered by fastest-to-lowest would be : usb assuming version 2.0 , since 1.0 is way slow and outdated wi-fi / wi-fi direct bluetooth android beam
if your android devices have removable sd card slot , the fastest way to transfer big files is to physically move the sd card from one device to another .
after some experiences , it appears the samsung galaxy s4 software must recognize the file format first , before and during transfer from pc to the smartphone main memory . when moving the file to the sd card memory , again the software needs to recognize the file , so this is done from either the ( a ) move file option in the folder or , ( b ) application option to move to sd card memory . { for those smartphone users who need to save main memory space on their samsung s4 }
on the play store there are several utilities to clean phone and speed up processes . my favourite is this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard your excessive use of system ram is ( maybe ) due to some persistently active process on your phone . follow this guide to see yours ( and maybe evaulate a uninstallation of some ) : http://www.wikihow.com/see-what-apps-are-currently-running-on-android by the way , can you please tell us more information about your android version ? best regards , luca
as t0mm13b already described , on a fat system it is not as easy as setting some file permissions . but what you easily can do is use encryption on single files or entire directories . one of these ways is to use encrypted containers . you can think of them like password protected zip files -- only that you can access them transparently from any app , once you have opened them . an example would be eds , which uses containers in the popular truecrypt format . using this , you can even copy your containers to your workstation , and access them there : truecrypt is available across platforms , so e.g. on linux , macos , bsd , windows . . . if you do not care about using the encrypted " stuff " on your workstation , droidcrypt is another popular alternative , coming with a nice user interface . as you explicitly asked for " single files " , a last alternative to mention is filelocker , which lets you lock files separately . it also encrypts them -- but to be able to read them again , you must " unlock " each file separately . if you are looking for more alternatives : there are lots of encryption apps available on the playstore . some of them can handle single files only , some files and directories . some even encrypt entire " volumes " ( i.e. . the entire " disk" ) . many of them require root -- the two i picked here should not .
short answer : maybe . long answer : the sdcard is formatted with the legacy msdos fat16 filesystem , which enables compatibility for the most part , largely majority with the windows platform , not to mention linux and others . it is for that reason , there is absolutely zero mechanism within that filesystem from a security standpoint . that is the trade-off with legacy filesystem and interchangeability with different desktop systems . however , the alternative may be , is to format the sdcard to use one of the variety of linux only filesystems where you can put permissions on each directory to prevent it from being browsable . notably , ext3fs or ext4fs ( extended filesystem 3rd and 4th edition respectively ) . that you might get away with but could induce side effects with the stock android applications such as gallery , music player . the one thing that springs to mind , albeit from a technical view-point , would be , to have a android service running in the background that is monitoring file access to those files in question and the service could trigger a rudimentary dialog box prompting for the password based on the list of files the service can monitor based on your choosing . a bit of quick google-fu yielded this hit on this app that might be the very thing you are looking for . with veryandroid file protector , you can pick files and folders on your android phone or computer to protect with password . actually , that is what i have mentioned above ! well , reading the reviews , some disgruntled people felt they were cheated out of it , its free for 48 hours and having to pay a premium price - 19.95 accordingly to the review !
this is not possible . the reboot command requires root access .
i had the same problem this morning . lookout reported this trojan , and it says it is part of google search enhanced . when i try to uninstall i get a message saying the uninstall failed . when i first searched for it there were no results on google . now there are several . so this seems to be a very new problem that people have started to see this morning . i ran a different antivirus and it found no problems . the phone has had no new apps installed for some time , so i am hoping this is a false positive from lookout .
on twrp recovery , tap Reboot and then System
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
here is a list of microsoft onenote alternatives on android : http://alternativeto.net/software/microsoft-onenote/?platform=android
evernote i consider evernote to be the closest alternative to onenote , available from google play store . for me , the biggest advantage of evernote , which even onenote doesn’t have , is the synchronization feature . key features : sync all of your notes across the computers and devices you use create and edit text notes , to-dos and task lists save , sync and share files search for text inside images organize notes by notebooks and tags email notes and save tweets to your evernote account connect evernote to other apps and products you use share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter screen shots ( android ) :
first turn on auto update in the main settings of the play store . then , you will have to manually open each app in the app store , and un-select auto-update . this will be a painful task , especially if you have more than a handful apps . tested on play store 4.5.10
yes , it is possible , but very time-consuming . open the google play store , go to menu -> settings . tap on the " auto-update apps " and select one of the two " auto-update apps " options to enable it . go back , then go to " my apps " section , locate the app you want ( e . g . anti-virus app that you mentioned ) and tap on it once . now tap the menu button and the first option should be the " auto-update . " ensure the checkmark is present for this app . for all other apps that you have installed , you will need to follow steps 3 and 4 , but this time disable the " auto-update " setting by unchecking it .
you can try this : go into settings> application manager and locate your keyboard . this could be listed a few different ways , depending on your phone . for example , i am using swift key so that is what mine is listed under . it could say software keyboard , or whatever for your hardware keyboard . anyway , once you find it , tap the button to clear the cache . unless you have a bunch of custom settings you are probably safe to clear data as well . once that is done give it another try . this will solve a lot of annoying keyboard issues , but as you said , who knows . it could be something else going on where a reset is your best bet . hope this helps !
i restored my phone to the factory defaults and had not had the problem in several weeks . unfortunately , the problem is back and i am left only to assume that my phone is defective .
i was unable to resolve the issue through all types of hard/cold resets/reboots ( pwr+vol , pwr for 30 seconds , hard reset pin , etc ) , so i returned to amazon and received a working tablet today . it appears that mine was just doa .
gsmarena . com , just to point one site of this type , list almost all mobile phones known , with their technical specs . for you example galaxy s , here it is the dedicated page
here is a chart with most devices specs to help find the resolution . source matt : ) in a response on what-size-should-images-be-for-android-wallpaper ?
i do not believe there is a way , which is strange . maybe because it can not be changed they do not think we need to know ? you can install an app called " screen resolution " which will display your phones resolution if you really want to see it on your phone .
screen and system provides screen resolution ( pixels ) , pixel density ( dpi ) , screen metrics , height , width , and diagonal in centimeters and inches .
most people recommend removing battery as soon as it happens and barry it in a bowl of dry rice for a day or two . i have never personally had to try it but i know of people who have and it has saved them from having to replace there phone . . .
the reason that water damages a phone is because water conducts electricity and this causes short circuits ; pure alcohol is non-conducting so it should not harm electric circuits . it is possible to create a computer cooling system by soaking a whole computer in a non-conducting mineral oil ( and the computer runs great soaked in oil ) , they do not choose alcohol probably since alcohol evaporates quickly ( which is undesirable for permanent cooling system ) . however , i doubt that soaking an already damaged phone will fix it . there is no reason that a burnt circuitry will magically unburnt because it is soaked in alcohol . alcohol may help to clean the circuitries and the residual materials , but it is unlikely it will fix the phone . disclaimer : this is not an encouragement to soak your phone in alcohol , do it at your own risk ; be prepared to buy a new phone if you decided to do it .
how i remove consequences of water damage ? disassemble device . you need to disconnect every power supply such as batteries . carefully look on every component . wash plastic details with cleaning agent likes ' fairy ' , ' mr . muscul ' and so on in water . dry them . wash pcb in water as plastic details before . i use toothbrush . you need to take off any sign of corrosion . then i wash pcb in isopropyl alcohol . after that i take air pump and blow compressed air on every electrical component on pcb . in such way i remove water . then it is good idea to give ability pcb to become dry by natural conditions . if there are some troubles with traces on board , i repair them with special soldering equipment ( beginning from common soldering iron and ending with bga soldering station because ics on pcb is soldered by such way ) assemble device . if you have troubles with your lcd , the only quality way is to replace it entirely . lcd is a set of number of transparent films . so it is very difficult to reassemble it without issues .
i think you had be fine doing that . next time , try to vacuum out the water by holding the vacuum in the same spot ( in the back where batt . was . . . ) for 15 minutes , then moving it again for 15 minutes . . .
i assume your selecting browser > menu > settings > clear cache ? you can also try clearing the full app memory from your home screen ( outside the browser ) : settings > applications > manage applications > select the brower app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if all else fails you could also factory reset the phone .
i was annoyed by the exact same problem , so i have programmed an app that automatically saves your wallpapers and your live wallpapers too . it makes it easy to revert to a previous wallpaper . it is called wallpaper saver and it is free in the play store . ( it does not require root access . )
i am not sure if it is the same on older systems , but on ics it appears to save directly to /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper . i set mine from the browser , pulled that file , then changed it to a . png extension and viola - it was the image i had set . it also appears that this file simply gets overwritten when you change your wallpaper , so i do not see a way to recover one once it is changed unless you have a copy of the image somewhere else . this also appears to be where it is saved on cyanogenmod 7 , so it is possible that this is the " standard " location ( certainly a good place to check , at least ) .
the android docs are just saying the main thread should compute all ui related functions . it is the job of the developer to create additional threads when getting data from local sqlite database or from the network , or even if you are creating a compute heavy custom view with alot of display logic . for a really comprehensive look into concurrency in android and mutli-threading , check out asynchronous android from steve liles awesome awesome book .
android apps are not single-threaded . although there is one main thread as described in the documentation you quoted , apps can start as many other threads as they need . the advantage of all gui interactions being on one thread is that the gui code can be simpler , faster , and more predictable , because gui state is not being changed concurrently from different threads . it also makes thread-safety easier for app developers by providing a message queue , similar to those found in other oses ' gui frameworks . the app author just needs to make sure all long operations are performed in background threads , sending messages back to the main thread to update the gui , and that way the gui remains responsive all the time .
got these instructions from http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/?replytocom=18668#respond it worked for me . my update is installing as we speak . : ) " here is the fix for those of you still stuck in limbo between the gingerbread rollout and the patch , and have not gotten another ota announcement again . clear borked upload from cache 1 . boot into recovery •press and hold power , choose “restart” option •when screen turns off , press and hold volume down and power 2 . when the white hboot screen appears , use the volume button to move down to “recovery . ” 3 . press the power button to select “recovery . ” 4 . when the triangle and exclamation appears , hold the volume up and power button at the same time . 5 . using the volume button , scroll down to “wipe cache partition” and select it . 6 . select “reboot system now” you can now wait for the update to show up again or you can follow steps below to force an update check : manually change the date on your phone to one year ago . this will trigger an automatic check in with the update servers and you will get the appropriate update . menu > settings > date and time un-check automatic to prevent the date and time from automatically updating change the date to one year ago ( under set date ) uncheck background data from settings menu under accounts and sync ( don’t really know if it makes a difference , but i did it anyway ) go back to the main settings and select about phone > check for update and follow the prompts ( i had to do this about three or four times . ) it went much smoother over wi-fi caution…when clicking install and reboot , it will stay at the droid eye screen after reboot for a while ( ~5 mins ) , but eventually , it did get installed . read more : http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/#ixzz1guzigs1h "
alright , finally got it after spending a while digging through android forums . this thread explains how to clear the /cache partition . after doing that , this thread explains several ways to get the update to trigger again . the one that worked for me was to temporarily set the date one year in the past .
try flashing again , while you do tick off the auto reboot . then take the battery out when it’s done flashing . then enter clockworkmod recovery right away . ps : just try if you are ready to experiment . i do not give any guarantee .
do you have google voice itself set to pass through the phone number of the caller or do you have it set to show the google voice number ? if you currently have it set to show your google voice number instead of the callers number then change that setting . let me know if that is the case . if you already have that set then we can delve deeper . the setting in question is in the web version of google voice under settings - calls - caller id ( incoming ) .
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
i know this is late coming , but i designed a tool just for this purpose . i was having trouble with my droid , so i created this tool : realmb 's android certificate installer . i know it works with android 2.0 ( the os which runs on the droid ) , but i do not know for 1.5 or 1.6 . feel free to give it a try .
http://abtevrythng.blogspot.com/2010/06/adding-cer-certificates-on-your-android.html shows how to actually achieve this . worked fine for me . try it out .
for android 2.2 , the certificates ( without renaming or converting ) can be placed at the root of the sd card . to install : go to the settings/security menu , credential storage section . activate use secure credentials . click install from sd card . a menu will appear with the available certificates . click on each certificate to install . those certificates will then be available to the wifi system .
thanks to a pointer from pam , i waded through a number of potential solutions until i found one that seems to work : [ update ] although the steps appear to work , less than 24 hours later google now will automatically re-add your work address - even though you have not got it listed in google maps . from google now home screen tap your " menu " button to open the settings ( for my galaxy s3 its the far lower left button . ) tap " settings " and then turn google now to " off . " a confirmation box appears . check the button that says " also turn off location history . " click " turn off . " at the next screen , click " turn on " click " yes , i am in . " your " home " address should show as your current gps location . scroll down until you see a " magic wand " symbol in the lower right corner and tap it . click " places " ( it should show a #1 next to it . ) your home address should appear ( you can tap to edit this if not correct ) and " work " should be empty . you will have to re-enter any other personal settings but at least you can now edit your " work " location ( or just leave it blank )
try various steps mentioned in this discussion
one thing you can do is open the contacts application then press menu and go to " import/export " . from there , you import from sim card and import them to your google account . once you have imported all the contacts , open the google contacts manager and click on " more " , then select " find and merge duplicates " . you may have to go through and edit some manually if they have really different names . but then you can merge again if needed .
according to mobyware there is a stylish-custom addon available for the mobile firefox . the page also mentions you need the stylish addon itself to make it work -- however , i could not find that . the compatibility list starts with android 2.0 and goes up through the version to 4.0 ( ics ) , a list of compatible devices is available as well . moreover , some discussions on userstyles . org seem to mention some availability for android , you might want to check them out . not sure if it works , i did not try myself as i do not use the mobile firefox -- but you might give it a try .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
there is stylish add-on for the dolphin browser .
it looks like you have already come across one solution : turning off wi-fi power saving . that option puts the wi-fi chip into a low-power state sometimes . this reduces power use , but the trade-off is that next time you want to use wi-fi , you have to wait a fraction of a second for the chip to power on again . this page from the official android documentation explains about wi-fi power states . it is targeted at app developers , so they can optimize the usage pattern of their apps to save power . even so , it is easy to follow , and might be interesting for other users to understand how android tries to save power .
as near as i can tell , you need to run " ip route add " as root . i do not have root , so i can not try it . but something like this should work : ip route add 192.168.42.0/24 dev rndis0 scope global proto kernel ip route add 192.168.43.0/24 dev wlan0 scope global proto kernel  you can use ip route show to show the current routing rules .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
it is not as easy to revert to individual previous versions , but you can revert easily to the stock version that came with your phone . find gmail in " my apps " in the google play store tap uninstall tap ok to uninstall updates and revert to original
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
try chatting with your aim contacts through the web interface first . make sure your google contacts list contains them and that they are set to show in chat " always " .
i do not believe the google chat client supports this . here are some alternatives : nimbuzz meebo ebuddy messager ( via @matt )
i just found out there are actually 2 versions of the zte v790 the 512mb ram international version that is posted in gsmarena and the lower cost 256mb ram version mostly sold to carriers if you believe you have been given the wrong unit , you should ask for a replacement from your carrier or from the store that you bought it .
the thing that many users do not understand ( partly because vendors choose to advertise total ram chip size ) is that the physical memory chip capacity is shared between different parts of the soc - namely application processor and baseband processor . so the amount of memory available to your applications is what is left from the original 512mb after modem , then android itself and preloaded system apps get their share . you can not judge the user experience by this amount anyway . ics has better memory management but reports lesser amount of available memory than gb on the same hardware .
you could simply use a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) and run the command free this example is taken from my motorola milestone 2 , which is supposed to have 512mb ram . check with alex 's answer what might make the difference here : my output shows 476mb total ram . using above command at least you can know for sure how much ram you have got to work with .
now , that is weird ! play some music or unplug the charger . try a different cable . try a different charger . i will not tell you to change your car , your stereo , or your phone , as those are expensive . but you can always try it out in someone else 's car , if that is an option . you have to narrow down the problem by using trial and error method .
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
do not worry vinit , one of the standard way for payment gateways ( including google checkout and paypal , paisapay etc ) to validate your account is by deducting a small amount ( typically 1 usd or an approximate equivalent 50 inr ) and returning it in next few days . please wait for few days and while doing so , please observe for any reversal of 50 inr . if you see a credit to your payment account then all fall in order .
use a program like titanium backup to back up the data , then remove the program and install the new one , then restore the data . but . often the data will be incompatible between versions and this may lead to force closes .
apps store user data in different ways : some store the data on the sd car in a public folder and as long as you do not manually delete the folder after you uninstall the app , it will still be there when you reinstall . other apps store data this way but have their configuration data in the secured portion of the internal memory and that data is lost when you uninstall ( example : podcast app that stores the podcasts , and they subscription data on the sd card but the login , password and settings data internally . you will still have your podcasts and subscriptions but you will have to re-enter the other data ) . some apps store all their data in the protected memory so you will lose everything when you uninstall unless you use some kind of backup utility . angry birds stores data in the protected portion of the internal memory and all is lost when you uninstall . there are apps that specifically backup angry birds data and other apps that backup apps . there are so many there is no point in mentioning them here but just search the market for " angry birds backup " or " app backup " . titanium backup is the best in my opinion but you need to be rooted to use it , while others you do not .
the stock browser has no plug-in functionality . until it is added you will likely never see 1password/lastpass integration in the stock browser . speaking of the lastpass : it is similar to 1password and uses dolphin 's plug-in system very well .
tap the yellow " autologin " button to have 1password take you to the web site and fill the login form . to use only a pin , adjust 1password 's security settings : bring up the application 's options and tap more > application preferences > application protection , then tick the " use pin code " box .
you could probably give camera touch-free a try . solution for touch phones that did not have hardware camera button such as samsung galaxy s ii . making shots on touch phone without touches . just use hardware buttons " volume up " or headset . use " volume down " hardware button for exit from application . others worth trying : sensor camera pro : ( new ) use the headset 's previous and forward media button as focus and shutter release . you could also search google play for : camera headset
the spare parts plus app ( free ) does work on my honeycomb tablet ( asus transformer ) across all apps . however , as is noted in your question , it only works if the developer has used a specific technique of specifying font-sizes in their application . the sizes need to be specified in " sp " units for this technique to be effective .
there is now a setting for this , though i am not sure if it is in stock android and since which version it is available . it was definitely there in sony 's gingerbread and ics roms ( xperia neo v ) and cyanogenmod 9/10 . in cyanogenmod 9+ , it is in the " system " submenu below the " interface " caption .
take a look at " font size ( for root users ) " in the market . it costs $1.36 and only works with rooted phones but it claims to : " globally enlarges/decreases text size in all apps ( email , sms , maps , home , weather , calendar , widgets , . . . ) " the reviews are not so good but it is worth a try .
another option ( very restricted , because involves changes in the platform ) is to change the ./frameworks/base/core/java/android/content/res/Configuration.java  file . there you must : -create a setter/getter pair to obtain the font value -change the point where the file obtain the value . i changed the method -initialize the class member to the stored value :  //This is the class member ( previouslly not initialized. Now i set it\xb4s value trough my getter ) public float fontScale= this.getFontScale();  this way every app will initially have it´s font setted to the stored value . ps : you should create an interface in the android settings apk too , otherwise your font would only start with a fixed value . i can give more details if needed .
you can always try to put a firewall between your phone and the router with these apps and block google+ , then when you do not use the internet ( for example at night ) enable it no root needed no root needed root needed
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
i am pretty sure it is law now that if you want an unlock code from a mobile network carrier they are required to give it to you . but it definitely is not illegal . however , it may be even easier to just root the phone instead . this should ( depending on how you root it ) unlock your phone in the process . as for your o2 sim chip , i am not sure how foreign sim cards work in american phones , but it is definitely worth a shot .
you will need to purchase an unlock code . you will probably find a number of companies via google a i have used a couple , which i am not sure i am allowed to post here so i recommend you visit modaco , the site run by paul o'brien of custom rom and rooting fame . click the android part of the site and at the bottom of the site or via a web banner to the right , you will see one of their official sponsors that does htc codes for $20 .
is your phone cdma or gsm . if its cdma no one can help you . you need to continuce with t-mobile . if it is gsm read on . as your phone is under contract you need to use t-mobile with your phone . once the contract terms is over you can get it unlocked by contacting t-mobile support . if you want to get it unlocked before the contract ends you can do it by purchasing sim unlock codes . i found these people on facebook https://www.facebook.com/samsungsimunlock and got my wife 's htc phone unlocked . ps : in some countries it is illegal to unlock phone before the contract terms ends . please check you local laws before doing so .
actually , if you have been on t-mobile for some time , you could just contact them ( online chat works too ) and they will give the unlock code to you . their online chat system works pretty well . and it is definitely legal to use the phone in another country . it is yours . as for technical issues , i have not heard of sim card compatibility issues before ( except for size issues between micro sim and normal sim ) . my hunch is that the o2 guy meant something concerning differences between gsm and cdma . i know that t-mobile uses a gsm network , but i am not too sure about vodafone .
i use netcounter . it separates the wi-fi data usage from the 3g/4g data usage , and so far it has been very accurate ( at least on the mobile data ) .
i use stats free app . it shows 4g data in addition to 2g/3g and wi-fi .
first , let me say that network data counting in android is not so easy , because there is no api which provides this information in a clean way . the app developers have to work with some linux internals and other issues . this is why most traffic counting apps do not work on every hardware/software combination . for exaple i had an app that worked with eclair but stopped working with gingerbread on my galaxy s . android introduced long term evolution ( 4g ) support with api level 11 ( honeycomb ) . most traffic counters read their volume information from the underlying linux network interface . afaik there are only two interfaces , one for wifi and one 2g/3g/4g , which means : it will be hard to monitor 4g data separated from 2g/3g if a app says it monitors 2g/3g it is very likely that this also includes 4g androids 4g api is relatively new . support , including separate traffic counting ( if it is possible ) , will hit the apps in the near future . here is an example listing that shows the interfaces and their traffic on my galaxy s . pdp0 is the mobile and eth0 is the wifi iterface :
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
let 's print droid will print directly to wifi addressable pcl/postscript printers . it does not contain drivers for ink jets howoever .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
from the android 2.2 froyo users manual , specifically on pages 329 and 330 , is mentioned the following settings about auto correction features : to access : press " home " > press " menu " > touch settings . android keyboard settings screen the android keyboard settings apply to the onscreen keyboard that is included with your phone . the correction and capitalization features affect only the english version of the keyboard . auto-capitalization check to have the onscreen keyboard automatically capitalize the first letter of the first word after a period , the first word in a text field , and each word in name fields . quick fixes check to automatically correct some common misspellings as you type . show suggestions check to show suggested words in a strip above the onscreen keyboard as you type . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . auto-complete check to automatically enter a suggested word , highlighted in orange in the strip above the keyboard , when you enter a space or punctuation . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . device keyboard settings screen this settings screen is available only if your phone has a physical keyboard . auto-replace check to correct misspelled words as you type . auto-cap check to capitalize the first letter of the first word in sentences . auto-punctuate check to insert a period ( . ) when you press the space key twice in a row depending on what exactly you wish to disable , you need to analyse all the above options to match your criteria .
it cannot be done . usb devices interact with your android phone through a protocol known as usb on-the-go ( usb-otg for short ) . this protocol has to be implemented in the software ( kernel ) level on supported hardware . unfortunately , the galaxy core does not have this protocol available .
usb-otg is seemingly not supported according to the specs over at gsmarena 's galaxy core page . in contrast , see the sgs4 , which offers usb on-the-go .
your device does not support otg . download the below app and check for yourself . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.homesoft.otgtroubshooter the app . detects and offers solutions to issues around usb host and otg cables . it is designed for the nexus series , but should work with any android device . this app . does not offer support for usb devices . it simply detects whether they can be supported . it also detects certain android bugs that may be affecting your system .
this one is quite simple to use , it shows real time packets in a human-readable way as well as statistics . it takes it directly from iptables , hence you need a rooted device : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.googlecode.networklog
there is an app called 3g watchdog . it can monitor 3g data transfer and wi-fi traffic . a pretty neat application .
you can view , sniff , and save actual network packets , however this requires root access . shark for root does this : https://market.android.com/details?id=lv.n3o.shark
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
here is an app that exactly does that https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.internet.speed.meter.lite
first you need root access to your phone . than you can try different package sniffer . some free are : wifinspect [ root ] packetshark
this app should allow you to do it per contact . https://market.android.com/details?id=cn.com.opda.android.clearmaster
just throwing this out there . no idea if it will work , because i do not have any text threads with that many to test it on , but have you tried doing it in some other text message clients ? which one are you using now ? try it in the default text client , and then try downloading handcent sms or chomp sms and see if you can do it from there . sometimes different apps will make it possible to do something that another app that is supposed to be able to accomplish , cannot . good luck !
you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All and clear the data for messaging storage or something similar , depending on your particular device and software .
have you tried " p " for pause gives a timed pause on remote phone and at least some other phones . use more than one if you need additional pause time .
installing the previous , working version solved the problem . after that an installation of the gapps zip-package may be required .
this problem can be solved with the 492 error fixer package from this thread here on xda developers . you just put it on the sd card , reboot to clockworkmod ( which i will assume you already know how to do ) , go to install zip from sdcard , and install the fixer package . once you install it , you should be good to go .
most of the time it is because battery saver mode is on . 3g is ( often ) slow compared to wifi , so it takes a lot longer to complete large downloads and drains the battery a lot more . turning battery saver mode off will allow you to download via 3g on many phones . another possible ( app-specific ) reason is that it just uses up too much bandwidth and would not be practical on a limited-transfer 3g connection ; if this is the case there is not much you can do about it .
most apps do this now to protect the user 's mobile data usage . knowing that most data plans are limited ( 200 mb a month , in the case of my roommate ) , developers prevent users from , say downloading a 45 mb game from the play store/amazon app store via mobile network , as this would not be beneficial , seeing as it would take almost 1/4 of your data and would take a significant amount of time and battery . same goes with uploading . most apps do this as an option , though some ( in the case of the amazon app store ) will block you completely from performing these actions without wi-fi . but no , this is not an issue with your carrier . i have sprint ( and unlimited data ) and i am still forced to download certain apps and upload pictures through various services only through wi-fi . note : i have found that some apps that prevent wi-fi-less downloads ( i.e. . amazon app store ) allow me to do these on my network as long as it is over 4g . if you have this option , try it and see if it works for you as well !
in aokp ics roms , and a few other 's i have used , there is an option that you can enable that will allow you to kill ( close ) an active app by holding down the Back button . i do not know if this was a feature of ics or the cm9 rom family , but i will let you know if i find that out .
usually , holding/tapping on the back key should " exit " an app . of course , the best way is to use the exit button if an app provides it . that is how one would gracefully " exit " from an app . in order to force an exit or kill it , you had best look at a task killer and forcibly kill the process .
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
most phones work pretty fine with a little amount of water , but it also depends on your luck . my first android volume buttons stopped working after i played basketball with it in my pocket and sweat screwed it up . under warranty got it replaced .
i have a htc nexus one and carelessly ended up with it being immersed in three inches of river water in the bottom of a plastic bag for over an hour . i assumed that it would be write-off but dried it out anyway in the sunshine on the dashboard or the car and held it in the warm summer breeze for an hour on the journey home . i put the battery and cards back in and after a short period of irregular displays it worked perfectly . i was astonished !
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
it could be because chrome for android does not support flash : chrome for android will not be supporting flash . as you may have seen in november , 2011 , adobe announced it has stopped investing in flash for mobile browsing . google has long been committed to making the web platform more powerful through open web technologies like html5 and is working with adobe and other partners to further advance the web standard .
i doubt this is a software issue but moreso a hardware issue . consider the following , newer phones typically have : bigger screens more antennas ( wifi n , 4g , nfc , etc . ) more sensors ( this includes cameras ) either more or more advanced of what is mentioned above . this comes at a cost , as each draws its own amperage . while it may be minuscule in an isolated system , when combined together these features present a non-negligible drain on the battery . and , while newer batteries will perform great , over time the battery will not hold the same charge as it once did , this is not a limitation of the phone but battery technology in general . i am specifically talking about lithium ion batteries right now , b/c that is the most common battery in phones today . while there are things you can do to mitigate the problem , such as staying in airplane mode throughout the day or buying power management apps for your phone , downgrading your os likely will not help much . if anything , it will provide old power management code , as well as no support for newer hardware . custom roms are a different story , and are not created equal . some may have modified code to provide better battery life , some may be performance focused and not taken battery life into account . some phones also have extended batteries available for them . i can not speak firsthand to their effectiveness , but i obtained one for my dell laptop and it made a huge difference . some people are reluctant to this approach because it changes the weight and/or profile of the phone , however one must weigh that against having it tethered to a charger all day as well .
as far as i know the reason for battery drain in your phone is because you are installing cyanogen roms and not stock roms or stock based roms . even the hardware or the chipsets of your phone is old . the android undergone many major changes from 2.1 to current 4.4.2 . the hardware or chipsets in newer phone were designed to consume less power than the older phones . in the os part newer android os were designed to consume less power . a stock ics installed phone consume less battery than the stock gb installed on the same phone . but however the battery drainage depends on the individual who use the phone . the custom roms based on the stock rom has more optimization than the cyanogen mod based . the cyanogen roms were mainly made to taste the newer android version in your phone as soon as the newer android version is released . these roms will have some bugs . on the other hand the custom roms based on the stock roms have greater optimization with less crapwares and few mods for better performance . no , the above points explain this that the newer android os has better battery performance . tl ; dr : in terms of battery performance : kitkat> jellybean> ics> gingerbread> froyo
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
android sends a request to http://clients3.google.com/generate_204 , and it expects a 204 response ( the http code for " no content" ) .
you can try the following : 1 . try calibrating your battery ( few says it is necessary to calibrate your phone after rom installation ) charge phone to 100% boot in to recovery wipe battery stats reboot and drain the battery completely ( by playing or media or normal usage ) after complete drain recharge the phone again to 100% 2 . try freezing or renaming or removing nfc.apk and tag.apk ( instead of removing the apk just try renaming them like nfc.apk.bak )
if you are willing to use an onscreen keyboard , i have had a lot of luck with the hacker 's keyboard . it has the layout of a computer keyboard , including esc , tab , alt , ctrl , and various other keys which are usually missing from mobile keyboards .
no . you can however , try to restore parts of it using titanium backup . it allows you to select apps to restore - that way you can get back the data .
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
i am charging the device regularly and checked with a system monitoring app the temperatures , that i reached . it was never more than 33 degree celsius , while charging or after charging , still laying on the charger . this is to be considered a completely normal temperature . just today i was out with the tablet on the sun and i reached more than 40 degree celsius , just because of the sun , so i would not really consider charging with qi an issue .
you can try using firefox for android with this plugin that lets you disable double tap zooming . hopefully that will let android pass both taps through to the website so it can register a double click .
as you removed the sd-card , you could use a card reader to attach it to your pc , which makes a search a lot easier . usually , photos are stored below a folder called dcim on the card . depending on the camera app ( i do not have a desire , so i cannot check that myself ) , subfolders there are named differently . on my phone , it uses a subfolder called " camera " . but there should not be too much subfolders there , so it will be easy to find . if that is not the place where your niece placed the " old images " , but as your desire insists they are ( somewhere else ) on the card , you can use your file manager ( i do not know what os you are running on your pc ) to search for *.jpg on the card -- that might match a lot of other images , but your photos should be listed along as long as they are on the card .
got it ! sing into your google dashboard . here scroll down to the section titled Android devices . you will see a list of all devices associated with your account . choose the one that you are looking for and click More data stored about this device . this will bring up a nice pop-up that contains your imei and a last-seen time . for what is it worth , i am pretty sure this is a relatively new feature . google recently added the ability to view which apps have backups online this might have come with that .
you could try the following idea but it is a long shot . there is an app for android called androidlost . the best part about it is that you can install it remotely , register it and then send a command from their site in order to get the status of your phone ( including the imei code ) . on their site are guides how to install the app , how to send commands to the phone and a lot more . i am not sure if it will work because even if you schedule an install command on google for the app , it will be installed only when wifi or networking is on . i said it is a long shot because in 2 days a lot could have happened to that phone , including a reset , sim change and so on .
if your phone is still on contract , you can contact the carrier , may be they will help you . however , without proper proof that you are the owner of the phone , i doubt they can do anything helpful . so the first thing is to try if you can find some paper or receipt to prove you are the owner .
have you not thought about using plan b and install it remotely , to email you back the coordinates . even locate my droid is another option to find out if its nearby . all of this a gamble - was there sufficient charge ? did it have wifi ? furthermore , the sooner you apply that software the better result , as the minutes are counting , the chances of retrieving it back gets smaller .
had the same problem after rejecting installation of htc sense keyboard ( i chose ' later' ) . nothing seemed to help , until after some random opening and closing of apps ( specifically , i went to messages ) the app-choser had the icons visible again . went to settings on this menu , and simply exited settings and the problem was ' solved ' . ( not really solved of course , i do not know why it occured and it may happen again ) . btw : exactly that one : the htc desire x !
i have a different phone , and have issues also with the media applications ignoring the . nomedia flag . a web search indicated that the . nomedia flag is not working as expected because of a cache . ( the previously scanned data remians in said cache ) renaming the folder , then re-scanning the media seems to fix this issue with the cache holding the data even after the . nomedia item is present . after scanning , the folder can then be renamed back , and additional media scans seem to properly ignore the folder . i am not sure if this is a long term workaround , or just another bad workaround , but so far it has solutioned it for me on my device . update , renaming and rescanning the media has worked 100% for month now , only if a new set of items are scanned prior to the . nomedia flag being placed in its folder , do i have to apply that method again . so . nomedia goes on first :- ) . i see many programs are tossing the flag in early , even if thier folder is empty at the moment .
google music will ignore the .nomedia hint file . but you can create a folder beginning with a " . " and put there all the audio files you do not want to be indexed by google music . for example : /sdcard/ . audionottoshowingmusic/
according to this android forum post the sdutil app on the phone can be used enable " usb mass storage " mode on the device . this can be run through adb as : adb shell sdutil ums enable  however , it seems like this only works on older version of android ( circa 2010 ? ) , on my device ( which is not rooted ) , sdutil is not available ( or is hidden somewhere i cannot see like /sbin or /system/sbin ) .
look , i got tired of searching how to mount the drive automaticaly in ums mode , and the solution above is right . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/lm-2/gadget/lun0/file  search for the correct file /sys/device in your system . this way i can use tasker to auto-mount my device whe a usb connection is detected .
this app is designed to mount your phone as soon as it is plugged in . it seems to do your missing step . alternatively , this command ( found from this forum ) can be run on the phone ( ex . adb shell ) to turn on disk mode . echo /dev/block/mmcblk0 &gt; /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/lun0/file edit : this only appears to work in recovery . auto mount app
check out the playstore . while the " official " dropbox app might be too much for them ( forgive them , they are just managers ) , there are others where you can define folders to be automatically synchronized . take e.g. a look at dropsync or foldersync . create a dropbox account to share for this purpose , and configure that on all affected devices -- and your problem should be solved .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
hi martin tapankov : yes . it is safe to remove the stock android keyboard application if you have already installed an alternative ime ( input method editor ) on your phone . you may go to " settings-> local and text-> text settings-> select input method " to select only one preferred ime and then reboot your phone to ensure it automatically picks up your ime . please bear in mind you should not install or move your preferred ime application to the sd card because , after your phone is restarted , the default ime will revert to android keyboard ( if you still have the stock android keyboard application installed ) or your phone will show a lot of forcecloses ( if you have uninstalled the stock android keyboard application ) . good luck ! fyi , i have already done this before on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( sph-d700 ) which comes with a hardware slide-out keyboard , so my risk factor has been much smaller than yours . :- )
hope you are enabling usb transfer mode in the s2 usb options . works fine for me that way . more settings > usb utilities > mass storage .
i barely remember similar symptoms caused by a defect sd-card but that does not explain the problems with both virtual devices . did you try a different cable and a different usb-port on the computer side ? just to make sure the problem is not caused by a bad cable connection . . .
your ubuntu is very outofdate . 12.03 12.10 . 13.04 . 13.10 14.04 are all newer versions of ubuntu . use 14.04 or newer when possible since 13 issues with my s2 sdcard are almost nonexistent
default email app on my g2 supports imap , including encryption . i personally use k-9 , which is free .
do you use gmail ? or the default " e-mail app " ? which device you own ( samsung has another than stock google ) . but i remember , that both of them support imap .
there have been some issues with the fact that android 's bluetooth was not up to date . testing your phone with another headset would be a first step in singling out the problem . also , try to see if you can go to your local authorized reseller or a carrier store to see if a technician can have a look at it .
if i recall correctly , for navigation directions over bt you need a2dp ( just like music ) . i just checked the specs on plantronics ' website for the discovery 975 and it does not mention having this . there is also a setting somewhere in navigation to route it over the speaker or the headset ; i remember turning it off on mine because it was interrupting conversations when i was trying to listen . unfortunately i can not recall exactly where the setting is ; i will update this later if i find it again .
well i finally figured this out , after racking up 800mb of upload and 3.5mb of download with my exchange email over 2 days . . . i had tried to send someone an 8mb pdf and it never sent successfully . . . so it tried again , and again , and again , and again . the email was stuck in my outbox and could not be deleted . i would get " server error " messages ( derp ! ) . the solution was to de-couple the device from exchange , completely removing that account , thereby deleting the message , and then re-registering the device . now all is as it should be . . . long story short -- keep an eye on your outbox !
yes there are ! currently i found a mame , gameboy , n64 , snes , scummvm ( emulates classic adventure titles like secret of monkey island , the dig , day of the tentacle , grim fandango and broken sword ) and a genesis emulator . all of them use the psx buttons but you need to configure all of them in the internal emulator configuration . i have them all installed but i only tested the mame , sness and scummvm emulator . i also have been told that some of these were removed from the market since they were paid apps that were copied from open source emulators . i have no idea about the legality of the use of emulators . since some of the apks are not available via market you will need to install a file manager and allow the android system to install apps that are not from the market . i really can not find the direct links to the emulators , but here it is their websites : gameboy n64oid snes a . d . scummvm genplus-droid ( genesis ) tiger emulator ( mame ) btw : the tiger emulator page says that it also emulates other platforms , i have only tried marvel vs capcom and metal slug . oh yeah , they also run great with zero lag but they will usually suck your battery dry . edit : i tested all of them and everyone works like a charm , with the exception of the n64 emulator . some games like mario kart 64 run ok and other like pillotwings64 are unplayable . double edit : i have been doing some research about psx emulators and some close friends have recommended me fpse ( free playstation emulator ) - it is supposed to be free but someone is selling it on the droid market . i have not got the chance to test it and i will only get my psx games after the weekend i believe that if someone does want to emulate psx , it seems like a good way to start .
you should try ppsspp , which is a psp emulator . although it is still in the beta stage it works fairly well .
simple answer : no . on my device ( lg p990 optimus 2x ) the path changed after upgrading from 2.3 to 4.0 . currently the path on my device is /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . so this is highly dependent on the device provider or on the version .
follow this link . all the details given in it . if it does not understand your external sd card as memory device you might have to create a new partition in the sd card . here is a link for that
i have lg p768 android 4.1.2 . i can move apps to sd using move2sd some app2sd ( that can not work ) will show this error " device does not have a real primary external storage or the primary external storage is emulated "
all you need to do is to create a partition in your sd card and root ur phone . install an app called link2sd , and link all ur apps to ur sd card .
i can see how you had be confused by that . it does not indicate that your phone is rooted , just that the kernel was compiled by the root user ( on a dell build machine , apparently ) ! if you look at /system/build.prop ( probably requires root to look , ha ) you will see some other similar information about the build . mine says " jaeyoon . yoon@sep-05" for the same info .
it depends on the actual android version of the rom you flashed . it the paranoidrom and cyanogenmod rom are both android 4.2 then you do not need a new set of gapps , if there are not then if might just be safe to get a new set of gapps
yes you need to download gapps from here : http://goo.im/gapps just chose the corect version of cyanogen mod that you have , note that cyanogen mode 10 has another gapps then cyanogen mod 10.1 .
the twitter app registers an intent filter for http and https urls to twitter.com , to tell android it can open those urls itself . that is why you get the first chooser ( the list of possible apps ) . however , it seems that the twitter app can not actually understand those " redirect " links , so it asks for a web browser to handle the url . that is why you get the second chooser , with only web browsers . since the page does in fact redirect to a twitter user ( which the app can handle ) , after you have opened the url in a browser you should get a third chooser , which does include twitter , allowing you to open the user in the twitter app . however , firefox currently has a bug that means it will not offer a chooser in this case . if you pick chrome in the second chooser , it should give you the third chooser . i would call this a bug in the twitter app . you should complain to twitter and ask them to fix it .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
the first thing you need to do is to check your tablet version . my suspicion is that it is not running honeycomb ( android 3.0+ or the tablet version of android ) but actually a heavily modded phone version of android ( i.e. android 2.1-2.3 ) . go to settings -> about phone ( or something similar . each manufacturer changes how you access this ) if it is indeed running the version of android meant for phones , then the market might be complaining to your tablet because you might be trying to download apps meant for honeycomb . the online market automatically updates to include additional devices when you activate them ( i.e. when you initially do the android setup and sign in to your google account ) . make sure you select the drop down and check if there is another option . also make sure you activated both devices under the same account . -i know i should have made this a comment but its too long of an answer for one . :p
you must distinguish security between programming errors that make a system less secure ( as in the article your referenced ) and the security-architecture . i am only writinge about security-architecture . android has a sandbox that shields the apps from each other and from sensitive os-features . on installation an android-app requires permissions to sensitive issues : access internet , files , adressbook , . . . . . . if the running app tries to access some sensitive api whre there are no permissions the app is aboarted . on unrooted devices the os does not allow to write to os-files . one app cannot access other apps ' private files . this is a good starting point for security . however there is no fine grained security : example : either an android app is allowed to access all internet or internet is not allowed . you can not restrict an android app to access only a certain url . there is no way that you can specify " ask me every time the app wants to access the internet . " the same applies to other sensitive issues as well : contacts , making sms-calls , accessing public folders in the filesystem , . . . . so as long there is no " allow on demand " feature in the os and no more fine grained security-settings for me android up to version 4 is not secure enough . but as an open source system it has the potential to become more secure over time . comparison to other mobile os . the dotnet-platform of windows mobile 6 and its predecessors down to ppc2003 also has a sandbox and much finer grained security settings . i am not shure how effective these are and if security modell still exists in the current system . i have an old motorola java-me phone that is quite secure because the manufacturer does not allow other apps to access sensitive functions as long as the app is not signed by motorola itself or one of its trust partners . there is no setting that allows me as the phone owner to disable this security . however other java-me-phone vendors have this option .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
as far as the safety of android , it depends a little more on the user . ios has a vetting process for their apps , so it is very hard for malware to get onto the app store . with android , it is much easier to put an app on the market . also , if the phone is configured to install from unknown sources , you can install software from anywhere . however , if someone is smart about the aps they install , it is not an issue . restrict app installation to the google play/market store and the amazon app store , or other trusted software companies . when you install from the google play/market , look at the number of downloads and the ratings - these provide an indication of how much you can trust the app .
samba filesharing is a great app for connecting over wifi , but does require root . i use it regularly myself . just turn on wifi , fire up the app , and then you can browse your sd card from your pc .
not exactly " accessing the filesystem " , but you could try airdroid . it has a really nice file manager .
andsmb is functionally more useful among free samba file sharing apps .
with samba you can access the files like a network share . i think it requires a rooted phone though . should be better than ftp , and it should also be better than usb in that the phone can use the card in the same way ( you do not need a specific mode )
there are many ways , you can use adb over wifi , run an ftp or ssh server on the phone , or use dropbox . the easiest to set up is dropbox , but it is fairly limited which files and you can synchronize . the best solution would be installing an ftp/ssh server on the phone , but setting up those might be difficult .
over wi-fi install a small app swiftp ftp server . ( original link ' dead ' - 2012-09-22 , see 'http://ppareit.github.com/swiftp/' instead ) just , setup username and password . after tapping Start button , your device will become ftp server and the app will give you url ( handy if you do not know device ip and ftp url format ) . on pc , you can use any ftp client software to access file system of device . windows explorer works , too . you can also create a network drive in computer . for example , you can visit this in address bar of windows explorer : ftp://192.168.1.10:2121/  here , 192.168.1.10 is ip of android device and 2121 is port on which ftp server is working ( you can configure port in app , too ) . visiting it will ask you username and password . enter what you specified in app . done ! the app will not give you url if device is not connected to pc using external wi-fi router , but it works in those situation too . if you have made device wi-fi hotspot and connected pc with ad-hoc network , then you will have to find device ip by yourself ( ipconfig /all command is fine with windows ) . it really works as long as you have ip of device ( i have tested it by myself ) . just , use this ip in ftp url and visit it . the interesting thing : as ftp is universal standard , this method will work with any pc , mac . that is not true for samba file share , airdroid etc . over bluetooth there is no need of external app . if bluetooth software on pc supports obex ftp , you can do this directly . if you have issues with stock bluetooth services , install bluetooth file transfer app . it supports both obex ftp and opp . means , you can do both-side file system access : device to pc and pc to device !
since i cannot find any reference online to the gpu in the tm-mid777 , i thought i would post this as a general link for any model instead . install cpu z from the google play store and run it . it will display all hardware information on your current device . this is a sample screenshot , and can be very useful if you are buying a device , or doubt that a device is legitimate . there are a lot of clones out there and this is a great tool for that also .
i wanted to know , so i tried entering my password incorrectly repeatedly . ( motorola droid 3 - android 2.3.4 ) after 5 , 10 , and 15 attempts i was given a 30 second " cool down " where i could not try again . on the 15th attempt i was informed that if i entered my password incorrectly 5 more times i would be forced to re-sign in with my google account . so after 20 failed attempts , you can no longer try to enter a password - you must sign in with your google credentials . i would say you are reasonably secure from a brute-force password log in at the password screen . this does not take into account any other methods - just attempting to brute force . this answer may address methods that could be used to bypass the lock screen . to specifically address your concern about firefox for android 's stored passwords - you can disable firefox sync on a lost tablet ( mozilla 's instructions ) by changing your sync password . mozilla also suggests changing all of your passwords after it .
with the new update to facebook app now , the chat head is opened whenever i start my chat with a friend . note that if we want to use the old way of chatting via facebook , we would use the facebook messenger app .
a free app called notification shortcuts gives you the ability to set up a permanent notification that will open an app you specify when you select the notification . you can set up multiple shortcuts and can even set up toggles for wifi , bluetooth , etc , if you want . the downside to this is that when you receive a message , you will have a second notification from the chat app itself . but since the facebook chat app lacks an option to set up a permanent notification , this 3rd-party app is the next best solution .
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
the headphone jack has 3 channels . 1 mono mic and 1 stereo outputs . while you could modify a headset cord to input the mono channel from another set of headphone cables this would not produce any level of quality sound . i have a xperia x10 and the frequencies on the mic input are narrow . highly recommend you copy the music from the mp3 player to a computer and copy from the computer to your phone . add a larger micro sd card if necessary .
i just installed airbubble which is seen , in itunes , as an external speaker . works great .
i do not know of any way to make your phone a remote speaker alone but there are methods that would achieve basically the same result . without knowing your exact goal it is hard to give you a specific recommendation but here is one way to have audio stored on a seperate device play through you phones speaker/headphones : setting up a wireless media server will allow you to stream media from your computer to you phone . so while it is not simply acting as a speaker , you are able to hear media that is stored on your computer on your phone . there are numerous ways to do this like using dlna or any of the number of apps that serve media over wifi or 3g .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
unfortunately i do not know of a fresh and safe way to do this absolutely automatically but there are some tools which can help you with the same . for call logs and sms you can comfortably use these two apps and then transfer the backup files they create to you new phone . - sms backup and restore and call logs backup and restore for getting a list of your applications which you have currently installed , you may use appbrain app market . some time back this had a companion app to it called fast web installer . i believe apks are still available on the internet . this one will take a backup of your app list and fast web installer can restore the same on the other device . personally i recommend that you sign into your google account and go to all applications you have ever installed and manually handpick . this prevents useless or unused applications from your old phone to carry over to your new phone . contacts are automatically backed up at google and you can do the same for the pictures as well . if you want to transfer pictures , you can also transfer them via external sd card and just use the same sd card on your other phone .
according to samsung and this review ( down near the end of the review ) , the 8" and 10" galaxy tab 3s have otg , but apparently the 7" does not . it might be possible to enable it by rooting and installing an app for it , but i do not know .
at least one of the usb devices would need support for host-mode usb - which is a hardware feature and therefore can not be upgraded via software - and the other needs to report as mass storage usb device . since your tablet has otg ( =host-mode usb ) support it may be a simply compatibility issue . bluetooth may be an option , but it is slow .
samnsung galaxy pop http://galaxypophacker.blogspot.com/2013/01/ics-stable-cyanogenmod-101nightly-for.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2060605 i am using cm-10.1-20130126-experimental-tass for 5-6 months very stable
a " release candidate " is not a stable release . you should report this error to the cyanogenmod developers so that it can be investigated and fixed for the final release .
well it hasnt worked for me but you can try turning off the phone and do not turn it on but press and hold the home button the volume up button and then hold the power button along with it and itll take you to a special bootup and you need to format and do all the stuff listed and then click reboot phone
push and install a launcher app to your android device from http://play.google.com ( pc ) .
i figured this out only after months of being without most of my phone 's functionality and taking it to a 3rd-party repair place that declared it " unrepairable " . it is stupidly easy : download an apk of your home launcher ( i got one from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-1125331.html ) e-mail it to yourself use voice commands to send yourself a test e-mail . if you do not have gmail set up , then it will give you the screens you need for configuration . e-mail the apk to yourself . when you check your gmail on your phone you should see an " install " button next to the attachment name . install it and enjoy your new old phone .
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
you can force the language that app descriptions are shown in on the web version of the play store by changing the language code in the link . this is shown in the url as hl=language , for example hl=en for english , hl=fi for finnish or hl=fr for french . so for example , to see an english description for the gmail app you had got to this link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=en or in finnish : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fi or to see it in french go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fr or in german go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=de you will see that all that is changed between those is the &amp;hl= bit at the end of the link , yet the whole play store page including the description and reviews has changed to the relevant language .
i was ( still am ? ) having a similar issue . pandora will load but not play songs . or sometimes if it does manage to load and play a song , it will skip to the next song prematurely . i ' restarted ' the phone and that did not fix the issue . i should have shut it down completely and then tried again as a test but instead i reseated the sd card securely after shutting down and it seems to have fixed it . so my solution that worked was either shutting down completely or else reseating the card . we will see how long it lasts . update : today ( the next day ) my phone is having issues again . going into Task Manager &gt; Ram &gt; Clear memory seems to have fixed it this time although i do not think it fixed it yesterday . very peculiar problem . it seems that my problem might be different than yours but i found that having twitter installed can cause problems with youtube , pandora , etc . i uninstalled and it seems to be helping with my specific issues .
i had this same problem on my dinc a while ago . at least for me , i narrowed it down to song buffering . when just about anything happened that changed my data connectivity ( received sms , briefly lost 3g signal ) pandora would not be able to keep up ; the song i was listening to would play through as much of it as pandora had buffered before the network interruption then would stop abruptly and switch to a new song . very annoying ! even when my data connection was strong , as you mention yours was , pandora was very picky . since that time my listening habits have changed but i have also found pandora to be more stable over the intervening updates .
it could be that you are using a battery saver app . i use juice defender and i think that is causing the issue . juice defender tries to save battery by killing the 3g signal after you turn off the screen for a bit . so you can just deactivate it when you are using pandora .
make sure you have a full signal . try running it with nothing else running . the resources might be getting used by another app and makes pandora freak out . i know on my droid x2 i have a problem with it skipping songs on me .
i had this same problem . i just figured out what was causing it on my system . it turns out that i was using yahoo mail client on my android phone and everytime i got an email , pandora would pause for a second . it does not appear that there is a way to change the frequency with which the yahoo client checks email from continuous to some lesser frequency ( such as every two hours ) . this , unfortunately leaves me with the difficult choice between yahoo mail and pandora . pandora will win this battle for sure .
while solid coverage is definitely required for solid playback from pandora , assuming that is the case ( and it is not caused by the way pandora inserts advertisements ) , the pauses are most likely related to a low memory condition as a result of memory leaks caused by applications that address contexts in a certain manner . in other words , it is a flaw in the android os that even allows this to be an issue , imo . while you could remove the offending apps ( if you knew which ones they were ) , another way this can be dealt with is by getting a task killer that automatically closes unused apps . then again , you could load another rom , doing away with the bloated default apps from the telco and solve the remaining problems with scripts or a task-killer of your own .
you could try booting into fastboot mode , and then use fastboot -w . this command wipes userdata and cache , and thus should be equivalent to a factory-reset . for more information , there is a list of fastboot commands , and of course our fastboot tag-wiki .
problem solved ! i flashed cwm to the phone using heimdall for mac , then loaded a gapps file from a zip i had copied to the phone . works like a charm . thank you rossc for all your help .
you can temporarily turn off 2-step verification , and turn it back on after you have logged in . i had the same issue with galaxy tab 2 , and did just that .
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
are you rooted ? check in wifi advanced settings that port/proxy settings are blank or as required by the router . update : converting comment to answer .
as i go to setting 's advance option i noticed i have checked use static ip address and given some fix ip address . . . that is why wifi was not working . removing that everything works
uninstalling multirom - source addictivetips the developers have provided an easy way to get rid of multirom and get things back to the way they were before . all you have to do is flash the appropriate multirom uninstaller file for your device from recovery , and multirom will be removed from your device . do note that this will also remove all secondary roms that you may have installed . multirom uninstaller for nexus 4 multirom uninstaller for nexus 7 ( 2012 ) multirom uninstaller for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) the multirom-modified twrp recovery will still remain on your device , but that shouldn’t be an issue ; you can simply ignore the Advanced &gt; MultiROM submenu , and use the rest of the recovery as the regular twrp . though if you want to remove that as well , you can easily flash a recovery of your choice .
just flash the original / stock rom for your phone . but first , make sure to clear data / factory reset , wipe cache , and clear dalvik cache .
the complete rss widget looks like it can get pretty dense . and , the app page says they will eventually support custom font sizes , which means you could make it denser . the widget is not free though , about $1.25 ( us ) .
talkandroid . com has this list of the top 5 rss readers for andoid here . greader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedr ( costs 1.99 ) fastreader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedsquares ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) newsrob ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials )
sure not . all changes made there are gone with the next boot : you are just modifying a file on a " temporary file-system " here , which is created on boot , and " gone " on shutdown . for persistent changes , you would need to change the boot image . as you compare with linux on a pc , think of a initrd.img ( initrd aka " initial ram disk , or initramfs ) . the root file system is loaded from this during the boot process ( step 3 , kernel ) . please excuse me for not going into more details : but how that is done is beyond the scope of this site ( which targets end-users , not developers ) ; and beside that i have no practical experience in this specific field .
i believe you are using the google launcher which has the voice command operations as well as the cards which you have mentioned ( i can not assure you that this answer will work because the root of the phone may hamper the application working but still you can try as these steps are common for all ) . and yes you will lose the cards as you are deleting the data but you will not loose if you clearing cache . clearing cache memory is no where related to any file getting deleted . cache memory is just a temporary storage which is used to speed up the loading of any application . if you clear the cache memory then your app may load slow only the first time later it loads fast . coming to the voice search crashing after " ok google " could be related with your mic problem or just a small software bug . follow these steps to pin-point the main reason of the issue first enable the speech output from settings> voice> speech output to make sure it is really detecting ok google and not something else . if it is detecting correctly then your microphone is correct . second after enabling the speech output you need to 1 ) force stop then 2 ) clear the cache . third make sure the area around the mic is clean and is free of any obstruction ( the mic could contain small and minute dust particles which need to be cleaned only by trained professionals , covered by some accessory ) . after that you shall be able to perform voice search directly without manually touching the microphone . if you still have the problem then you need to get in touch with the support team which is there in the play store bottom of the app page .
older versions of twrp do not have the ability to mount encrypted file systems , so therefore , it cannot make backups . in addition , twrp only supports decrypting certain devices . according to the twrp2 project page , the only devices that they explicitly define as having decryption support are galaxy nexus and touchwiz devices .
the ray 's 3.5mm jack only supports sound . it is not a microphone jack .
i have no idea how to stop that behavior through os , and i found no reference either . connect it either to a ups if the drop out period is long otherwise connect it through a stabilizer if the current drops at a very higher rate , like a blinking of a bulb . otherwise i do not think it would be good for your phone 's charging system . you could also use usb charging .
it is probably doable , but i very much doubt that you can do this with the default ( unmodified ) factory firmware . custom firmwares such as cyanogenmod may allow you to do this . your mileage may vary and you may even need to modify or recompile these custom firmwares to get what you want .
the snoozy app will let you manage this . ( see this answer for details . )
i did not like this behavior either and even though i have a custom ( or more like modified ) stock rom ( removing the bloatware and rooting it ) it did not change this behavior . however , i found that setting the screen timeout to the lowest value of 15 seconds did the trick in that it would force the phone to go back to sleep by shutting off the screen in 15 seconds after it comes to life , this meant that there was minimal loss of power while unattended , maybe that would help you since there is no way to stop the behavior altogether .
the apk file is stored in the internal memory still , it is in the ' data ' folder . i do not think you can do much about that with earlier versions of android but if you find a way then please let me know !
an individual place can be swiped away , but there is no way to tell google now to never show you a specific place again .
i have spoken with the measy the manufacturer of the rc12 , they claim their . kl for the rc12 is proprietary , so i was unable to get an actual layout to install in the system/usr/keylayout/vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl in order to map the keyboard/keyevents you need to figure out the vendor# and product# of any usb keyboard/mouse device . adb shell dmesg | grep usb this gives you the vendor/product#s . now you generate your own . kl file . my suggestion is to use the generic . kl file in the /system/usr/keylayout/generic . kl for reference . adb pull /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl  then modify it as you see fit and change the name to /vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl adb push /system/usr/keylayout/Vendor_XXXX_Product_XXXX.kl adb reboot 
do the following : go to app info for gmail : open app drawer and drag up the gmail icon to the option app info . tap the button clear data . confirm the operation . wait for gmail sync . you will be greeted again as if it was the first time you opened gmail , but recent labels list will be cleared .
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
there seems to be another alternative to appdialer called fastly . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.siristechnology.localappsearch.fastly it displays apps in a grid allowing to view 12 icons at once . also , allows to search using native keyboard as conjure and quickly .
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.in.spd.quickly.activity this app allows you to : - Search all Installed Apps - List all Recently used Apps - Sort installed Apps alphabetically  clicking on the button , which is right side of search box , shall switch the app listing from alphabetically sorted to recently used and vice-versa .
gesture search is very nice ( see the comment by al everett ) . it uses gestures to pick up letters which means you have more screen real estate ( no on-screen keyboard shown ) . it does not show google suggestions which i do not need anyway , so it is a win-win for me ( more space for what i am interested in ) . my only complaints would be about the accuracy of the character recognition - but i hope they will work on it some more - and i wish i would have the ability to add custom searches for web sites or applications ( a la webos ) . also very well complemented by gesture bar - which allows quick access to gesture search from the notification area or with a long press on the search button ( which is the one i like ) .
apparently there is now ( was created after this question was asked ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iojess.conjurehl=en
google search , aka google now can search installed apps on your android device . yes , it is super-slow , especially on older phones , but it includes among other things the ' search phone/tablet ' option . i was looking for a cleaner and faster alternative that does not search everything , including the web , but finally ended up using it nonetheless , because all alternatives i tried are half-baked or crash on my devices . if you fiddle a bit in the settings there are things that can be disabled under tablet search , e.g. disabling the google now feature makes it somewhat faster . to launch it , simply tap the google search bar , or tap and hold the home button . google gesture search is not bad , and it works , but it is too much work for me to draw each character - definitely not in my list of ' productivity ' apps . imo , it is more of a proof of concept app , or an drawing api demo rather than anything else .
( edit ) new solution : you can revert to your complete old behaviour . it needs some hacking though and might be illegal ( decompile and recompile google app ) solution proposal : use apktool to decompile and change the whole namespace from com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox to com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox 2 of a working old . apk ( see . zip below , mind the 2 in the end ) , then recompile and install the newly crafted package . result : old and new ( broken ) provider can be installed next to each other at the same time because they have a different namespace ( . *searchbox 2 instead of . *searchbox ) . just find out which one is the old one and use that . benefits : no root required , permanent ( cannot be taken away ) drawbacks : you get 2x the same widget offering ( 1x from the old , 1x from the new ) , so you have to find out which works and which not my test so far ( 'apktool ' is an alias to ' java -jar /usr/local/bin/apktool . jar ' on my machine , fyi ) : ( edit : old solution ) what would be nice to know : does this only affect samsunng and google 's us customers ? according to androidcentral , samsung now deploys this update as a stability fix globally . it is most probably this package , that got " updated " : com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox ( located at /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk ) having root is definitely required to revert the situation . i would however decide to get rid of samsungs firmware altogether and install cyanogenmod for example ( this might even be easier than getting root in the first place on the orginal firmware ) . you might want to " reinstall " the unaffected version from the last firmware or one of a euro firmware ( if they are not stripped ) . for example , this archive from the popular goo . im hosting site will most probably have a working ( older ) . apk that has the functionality you miss . it is a generic installation package for the popular cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware that holds all relevant proprietary packages from google ( they had to be stripped off cyanogenmod by google 's request some time ago ) . you can open it with any unzip program and extract the /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk package . that is how i would do it ( using the adb tool from the google sdk : i used application explorer to generate this listing and see where the . apk is located : App Name: Google-Search Package Name: com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox [...] Source Directory: /system/app/GoogleQuickSearchBox.apk  you can get the version of ' google-search ' by going to settings-> apps-> all-> google search , which lists the current version . mine ( the same as in the above mentioned . zip is : 1.4.1.299849 )
here is my first free android app named " quickly " , available in google play store . this app allows you to : search all installed apps list all recently used apps sort installed apps alphabetically clicking on the button , which is right side of search box , shall switch the app listing from alphabetically sorted to recently used and vice-versa . your valuable review/feedback/suggestions are most welcome .
if your phone is still running donut , did you know that an eclair ( android 2.1 ) update should be available for that phone , eclair starting rolling out to the middle east in september and the rest of the world should have had it by the end of 2010 . see the official gt540 update guide on lg 's website . you should be able to download the necessary lg mobile support tool software from here . i would hope that such a glaring bug has been fixed in the updated calendar/widget .
while this may be extremely helpful , i believe that the only way to get this functionality would be to modify the google now app , or build the additional response into a custom rom using one of the tts modules . while it is by no means an optimal solution , you could try third-party voice action apps like vlingo or jeannie to see if they include this functionality .
it is not possible to programmatically toggle offline mode ( ie , by creating an intent or with tasker or something ) . however you can limit streaming quality over mobile networks , same with downloading of offline playlists . spotify is aware of some users having problems with high data usage , and some of the recent 1 . x releases have contained fixes for these types of problems . so always make sure that you have the latest version of the spotify app installed !
go to settings and untick " download over 2g/3g " . this way spotify will not download/update playlists when wifi connection is not available . it can however still stream music , so to disable that just tick the " offline mode " option . if you leave it ticked it will not stream music anymore and you will be only able to listen to previously downloaded playlists . also , you settings will be preserved and the next time you start spotify it will still be in offline mode , preventing unwanted mobile data traffic .
no need to do that , if your device runs at least android 4.0 : from your homescreen , go to settings → data usage tick the checkbox to enable data limit in the graph , move the bars to some level suiting you ( can be imaginary high , to not toggle your mobile data off altogether when reached ) scroll down until you find the spotify app , tap its entry to open details scroll to the end of that screen , tick the checkbox to " limit background data " done . now , unless spotify is running in foreground , it should no longer automatically use mobile data . this setting has no effect to wifi , so it would perfectly fit your needs : while on wifi , spotify feels no restriction . as soon as you switch to mobile data , the app is no longer allowed to automatically transfer anything in background – but should still permit actions you trigger when the app is in foreground .
try with these settings : http://apn.gishan.net/settings/os_12_11_android_4.4kitkat_internet_and_mms_settings_for_straight_talk.php should work . sorry . site does not allow me to copy the settings . how ever if you cannot receive mms that should be a data problem . please check you can access data properly . mms apn is only for sending mms . do you receive mms notification at least ?
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
this sounds like you are using apps2sd or equivalent whereby , moving the app onto the sdcard , only a portion of the app is stored in the internal storage and the rest on the sdcard . for verification , check your sdcard and see if the app 's data is still there , this should be present in /sdcard/Android/data/ followed by the package name of the installed application . that is a normal mechanism of the apps2sd .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . moving apps to sd card just delays a bit the problem because something else fills up the internal storage . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are constant/non-stop debugging info collected by android . these files build up over time . you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android [ my device model ] " and you should find quickly how to root your device . this problem is a design flaw . when there is a low internal storage , android should start a background task to clean up that junk .
checking around , i just found a few useful apps which reveal where the storage goes . for one , there is diskusage . though the screenshot 1 shows the sdcard here , the video on the apps playstore page makes clear it can be used on internal storage as well -- and even links to the apps page you usually find via menu -> applications -> manage applications . you can walk and zoom in/out each area , as the annotations on the screenshot show . my second candidate is folder size chart , which comes with a different design and , as seen in the screenshot 2 , can also deal with internal storage . these two may definitly help to identify " storage hogs " . there are many others found in the playstore which follow this concept , but most are limited to the sdcard or require root access .
as the n1 is closely related to the htc incredible you might be running into the same low storage space issue that plagues incredible users ( like myself ) . i asked a related question when i started experiencing apps force-closing due to a lack of partition space and later consolidated my understanding of the data partitions in an answer to a question about false “low on space” ( internal storage ) warning on htc incredible : . . . my app settings screen shows me what must be the /data usage ( never close to full , numbers match /data size reported by diskusage ) even though my apps are actually constrained by the much smaller /data/data ( where i run out of room often ) . . . i found that the number reported as " internal storage " was reporting something entirely unhelpful and was , by all accounts , useless in helping me actually manage app storage . i concur with izzy in his recommendation of diskusage , i found it very helpful especially when rooted ( with root permissions it can display /data/data partition usage ) . using terminal emulator to investigate usage was also helpful in diagnosing my problem . when you take a look at your /data and /data/data partitions , do you see the same discrepancies ?
download bluekeyboard jp from the play store . this makes it a lot easier to set up a bluetooth keyboard . here is how to set it up : install the app . then go to settings > language and keyboard . check bluekeyboard jp and go into its settings , and then into bluetooth settings . enable bluetooth and scan for devices . make sure your bluetooth keyboard is on also . if you see it in the devices list , click it and then it'll ask you to enter a pin . just type 4 numbers ( 0000 or 1234 for example ) and press ok . once you do that , on your bluetooth keyboard , type the same number sequence and press enter and it should say your keyboard is " paired , but not connected " on your droid . go back and disable auto capitalization , select your keyboard in the selected keyboard tab and you should be good to go . to try it out effectively , disable your android keyboard ( or select the bluekeyboard jp keyboard in the input method tab ) and go into any app and select a text field and it should say that the keyboard is trying to connect in your notification bar . once it does , try typing and it should work ! the google play page has some reviews from droid x users saying it works just fine for them . that said , a lot of reviewers ( on various devices ) complain of unreliability .
i can play all videos like 780p hd on galaxy y . download mx player from google play .
i am sorry but your device cannot play high-res videos . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen .
the transfer was probably corrupted . the problem is probably with the host os , and not with your phone . what os and what program were you using to copy the files ? did you remember to " eject " the phone from the computer to make sure everything was synchronized ? are the files on the phone the right size ? if you plug the phone back into the computer can you look at them successfully there ? ( or try copying them off and looking at the copies . )
another option , which works to get the apk of any installed app , is to get it from /data/app/ ( or /system/app/ ) using a file browser or terminal , etc . you will need root to do that on the device though ; it is easier just to use titanium backup in that case . without root : from your pc you can use adb pull for some locations . carbon automates this .
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
assuming you have configured your device with a google account , and have already used google play store with it , the easiest way is to visit google play store via web browser from your pc login with your account select any keyboard app you like ( e . g . the standard google keyboard ) trigger the installation from there . shortly thereafter you should see the installation starting on your device ( provided it is connected to the internet , of course ) . once that is finished , the keyboard should automatically be available .
try : 1 ) you can install gapps for your model if available . 2 ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jlsoft.inputmethod.latin.jelly.free 3 ) http://google-keyboard.en.softonic.com/android
if you have bought an unlocked phone then there is no issue of what kind of carrier you have and which country you are in . just connect to the internet and get an ota update from settings , provided they have rolled out the update to their customers in the country where you bought it from .
first of all , there is no equivalent of an ipod among the android phones . the most obvious reason being the fact that an ipod is not a phone in the first place : you can listen to music , play videos , games , and even call with some im services , but it is not a phone . the equivalent of android phones might be the iphone , for example . going to your question , yes . you can connect to any wi-fi , as long as you know the password , and download the applications . there is no hardware obstacle , if that is what you are thinking about . i think you will need to associate a gmail account , but that is the only requirement as far as i can remember .
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
you might try to stop/disable it . if i do this with a system-app on my nexus 4 i get a question wether to uninstall all updates . say yes here , too . if you want to give it another try , re-enable that app and check for updates and install those . this way ( disabling that sub-component , then re-enabling it ) i could get google street view to work again within google maps .
you need a rooted device to remove system apps . there are many apps on the market which will do this or you can do it manually via the command line . link2sd , for example , allows you to " convert " or remove system apps . be careful when removing system apps and do not do anything unless you fully understand what you are doing .
i could not find any details on this xda thread regarding avatar rom for the s3 . however , the sony xperia z thread thread mentions that it has a linux kernel of 3.0 . x . so , i assume it is the same for the s3 . while avatar is based on cm10.1 , it is possible that the developer used a different kernel ( lower than 3.4 ) . so , do not compare it with pure cm roms that are using the 3.4 kernel . i would suggest going through the first link i gave and ask for help there about upgrading your kernel .
yes : there are essentially three possibilities . wired headphones often have extra controls inline ( on the cable ) . you have to be careful when buying these : the way the controls signal to the phone is not standardized , so which one you need depends on who manufactured your phone . it is really easy to find " iphone-compatible " ones , but you may have to search hard to find one which claims compatibility with your manufacturer . in that respect , things have not improved much since the walkman days . bluetooth headphones can make this much easier . in bluetooth , the media control protocol is standardized , so any bluetooth headphones with volume and track controls will work with any phone that supports that protocol ( the remote control profile ) . pretty much all android phones do , but some of the extremely low-end chinese knock-offs might not . using the same bluetooth profile , you can instead buy a dedicated remote control . this might well clip onto the cable of your wired headphones , or come in a convenient form factor ( like flow 's pebble , which is a lot more general-purpose ) , but it is still one extra thing to carry around . happy shopping !
android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files ) . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server . hope i was some help .
inside this question linked by gathrawn , there is a link found by noname : android - encryption motorola claims it will offer " file system level encryption for both internal device memory as well as sd card " , in early 2011 . this encryption seems to be exactly what i was asking for ( more details in the link ) . all that is left is to hope that motorola lives up to its promise .
i think gtalk uses port 5228 , and the notifications and market downloads both use the gtalk protocol internally .
to install the stock ics build : go to https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images and choose your device ( mine , for example , a us nexus s that works with t-mobile , is https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#sojuimm76d ) , download the file , then download the surprisingly-not-very-large android sdk from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html . run the sdk manager ( it is called " tools/android" ) which will open a gui ; make sure " android sdk " and " android sdk platform tools " are checked . you can clear other check boxes , since those will download very large stuff that you do not need . once you have got all that , follow the instructions in the tarball that you first downloaded ; roughly , you want to put the sdk 's " platform tools " directory on your path , power off your phone , then hold the power-up key and power it back on ( that'll get it to display the sekrit startup screen ) ; and then on your computer run " fastboot oem unlock " and then " flash-all . sh " . i have done this twice in the last few days ( for fun :- ) and while it may sound complicated , it is actually pretty easy and worked fine . ( i installed 2.3.6 just for the nostalgia of it and then installed cyanogenmod and then went back to stock 4.0.4 ) .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
this article of best android video players for android phone will be helpful , i think . good luck . personally , i prefer vlc and mx player ( also allows background playback )
maybe you can try realplayer or vlc for android beta . but i am not sure whether it supports it or not . for detailed information , you can view this article : top 6 video player apps for android mobile device in 2012 anyway , i have downloaded the qq player on my htc one x , and found that it works well on my phone . so if the video player still can not play the mkv video , maybe you can convert the mkv video to mp4 or 3gp format . then , watch it on your phone .
vlc media player beta for android was just released today . you can take a look at it . i am not sure if it works fine on ace though
mx player works fine with .mkv files . you just need to make sure you turn on all the h/w settings and select h/w+ when playing an . mkv file . go to tools> settings> decoder tick all the boxes in the hardware decoder list . that worked for me .
if you find your mobile stutters with hd videos . . . . this is because of the limitations of your hardware . . . you can convert the videos before watching them . . . . the player of my choice is mx player . . . it is perfect . . . . for playing files not supported on your mobile , you can go to the list option and add the extension manually after which you will be able to play . . . .
i think the problem might be with the phone . the galaxy ace is at the lower end of the scale hardware wise so i imagine it can not handle hd files .
hd player and real player sound promising to play mkv videos smoothly . but , if video quality is overloading your hardware capabilities , no software can help playing that hd video smoothly . however , you can do one thing : install hot reboot from play store and run it once before video playback . it would reduce load on system . if you are unable to play that video on your device , i would recommend you to use handbrake to rip that video for your device .
you have to tell the mail application to delete the messages from the server explicitly . this options is provided during the initial setup , but is also accessible from the account setup options . change " delete message from server " from " never " to " when i delete from inbox " . this was not part of my original answer , but was added by the editor : this is fine if you do all your email on your handheld , but if you need to leave messages on the server for any reason ( you deal with some later on computers at home or work ) your android will keep grabbing other old messages to take their place until your set maximum is filled . this seems to be a bug or at least a weakness in the platform .
for the smtp server details , try entering a server like mail.messagingengine.com and not entering any authentication details . the client will connect but because no auth details are provided , even if you attempt to send emails , the server just will not accept the connection and the emails will remain in the outbox .
do you know how the internal storage is formatted ? if it is fat then there is not much you can do . otherwise you could do something like this from adb shell or from a terminal on the phone : cd /sdcard ln -s /sdcard2 &lt;name&gt;  for example , if &lt;name&gt; was sd2 then you can now access it via /sdcard/sd2/ .
you can try android vnc server on your tablet , it should do the work . . .
" eng " is short for engineering aka developer build . those builds have various logging facilities enabled which you do not see on regular " production " builds . normally you do not want to flash such builds on to your phone .
as far as i understand your question , you have successfully created an adhoc network on your nexus and your laptop is able to connect . now you want to create an adhoc network on your laptop and you want to connect your nexus to it . after doing some research , i have found out that android does not work ( well ) with adhoc networks . there are some custom roms which have enabled the ad hoc function . from what i have been reading , mako bb-8 and aokp will be able to do ad hocs . i think cyanogenmod has also a modified wpa_supplicant to support ad hoc networks . if you do not want to flash a custom rom , you could try to rip the wpa_supplicant ( from the same android version you are using ) from one of the custom roms mentioned before . you could also try to install wifi ad hoc enabler for android , which might work for you . if that does not work , you could try another method , which is harder . check it out here . i also found this , i do not think it'll work , but worth mentioning : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1591207
i have the same phone ( lg optimus l3 e400 ) , i have the same problem but i have found some sollutions , like the app directory bind which puts yours apps ' data to external sd card and make the phone understand it is still on internal memory ( the phone exess the apps using a new link made by db ) , the other way is to upgrade to android 4.0.3 with a custom rom available and use an app called " root external 2 internal sd " to do exactly what you look for , for flashing a custom rom you have to be rooted and take some risks , dont worry if you make a nandroid backup there wont be any probleme . i actually found another possible way which is modifying the vold . fstab ( must be rooted ) if you try copy the original vold . fstab to the same directory and rename it ( voldfstab . backup ) if there is a problem just delete the modified file and rename back your original file . i am a web developper not an android developper so this is the result of a lot of research and experience . hope i helped you .
system memory , internal memory is a mis-leading thing , its actually referring to storage space which is a very different thing to the meaning ram often referred as memory ! the reference to storage - system as in /system would be more accurate . when you download an app from the play store , it must be installed into the /data . from there you can actually move the app to the sd-card . on stock vanilla android , the option is there ' move to sd card ' . now by the sound of it , its as if it is indeed moving the app to the sdcard , but its not really a sdcard , its how an internal storage space ( think of usb flash drives ) , is treated as an /sdcard but in reality , you have internal and external storage , the latter being the actual micro sd card slotted in place . its a bit confusing how it works , from a developer 's perspective , when a check is carried out for an sd card , android seemingly " tells " the developer that the internal storage is treated as an /sdcard . also , to compound confusion even more , there is also a symbolic link to the real sdcard , /external/sdcard as well - this bit is dependent on what device/manufacturer is in question . yes , this is the expected behaviour , whichever storage ( from a view point of android and the hardware device 's file-system priority , is treated as " sdcard" ) . in short , nothing you can do , apart from using app 2 sd , but then again , that could fall into the same trap as i mentioned previously about the developer 's perspective . edit after the op has edited their question to include the device , after looking at gsmarena MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32GB Internal 1 GB storage, 384 MB RAM  yup , it looks definitely like as if the internal storage is treated in this fashion as an " sdcard " . . . the naming is misleading . what is really meant , is : internal ( phone ) storage 157mb , internal sd-card ( emmc ) 1024mb
i am using the same model lg l3 e400 . i have fixed this issue by rooting my phone and installing app2sd and some other apps are their for moving apps from internal memort to sd memory . i am currently using custom rom -- jellybreard 2 which is a stable one . . kudosss try rooting and install custom rom . . . happy rooting . . . : )
try this : go to contact list select contact open menu , and press the " block " button ( or " add to blocklist" ) i also found call guard in the play store . maybe you take a look at it .
you can use the tried and tested Call Barring method Go to Settings select Call Settings look for Call barring now select All Incoming enter your default pin ( 1234 ) there , all incoming calls will be blocked . you may still be able to place calls unless you barred that too . this feature is carrier network dependent and it already exists in the dumbphone era . still useful though .
go to call forwarding menu and forward all calls to voicemail
this is not an direct answer but will help you achieve your goal . the app link2sd extends ( actually preservers ) your internal storage by linking an app 's apk , dex , and lib file to a partition in sd card . you can use the app in rooted phone or you can contact the developer and ask him how he did it . he is very friendly . you may also want to check data2sd where the whole app is installed on sd card .
your command is wrong . it is not : mount --bind try this instead : mount -o bind the complete command is : mount -o bind /path/to/directory1 /path/to/directory2
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
have you tried symlinking to the folder ? you can do this in the root explorer app , which does cost , sorry !
on the bottom , near the primary mic , is a slot to " pry off " the battery cover . be careful , of course !
can you boot into recovery mode ( vol up + home + power button combo ) or download mode ( vol down + home + power button combo ) ? if not , have it checked by a service center .
i use a combination of keepassdroid , wavelauncher and clipstore , which allows me to access my password manager from any app without having to close it , and copy my password to the clipstore before returning to the app i was in . sounds more complicated than it is ! alternatively , many like lastpass for automatic password storage and entry . but if you really want something gesture based , maybe biowallet along with it is separate biowallet browser might be of insterest . you can assign a signature , which is infinitely more secure than point to point gestures .
so i could not wait and went out and bought one . turns out gifs work relatively well . all of them animate . however , too heavy a page can really bog down performance . tumblr , for instance , only works well if i turn off unlimited scrolling . with only one or two gifs on the page , they animate well . with a large page , gifs will animate , but slowly while skipping some frames . all in all , it is a usable experience .
maybe you are looking for something like nfcsecure . you can combine normal lock screen ( i.e. . swiping ) with an underlaying nfcsecure lock screen for better security ( only lets you in when scanned the needed nfc tag ) . your smartphone needs nfc capabilities and you need an nfc tag to carry around with you to unlock your phone . can not test this as my phone does not have nfc capabilities .
it also could be achieved with some bluetooth device ( a headset should do ) , and using tasker : condition : bluetooth connected 1 task : keyguard " off " 1 easiest set up with the device connected , so you can select it here of course this would require your bt headset to be permanently on -- plus connected to your body : ) . then , as long as the two are in reach of each other , you would not need to enter your pin . but as soon as the connection is broken ( you are separated beyond the bt range ) , keyguard would be enabled again , and the pin required to unlock .
if you are coming from an iphone and looking for a better messaging app , check out go sms pro and use an iphone theme . this app allows you to customize several things while still looking very similar to the iphone 's messaging interface . i always install go sms over the default messaging app and you might just want to give it a try , especially since you are coming from ios . there are other plugins that are all free that allow you to view ios emojis and other cools things like that . let me know if you still have the same issues with this app as well . btw , congrats on smartly making the switch ; )
yes . see : can i install apps on phone without using the android market ? you can not install directly to the sd card . in many cases you can move much of the app and its data to the sd card , but the os and the app have to support it . even then , you need to install normally and then move it , and you can not move 100% . not without a custom rom , and maybe not even then .
i read that this procedure here helped others . you should give it a try . following the advice from znewman i am " copy-pasting " the instructions here . the article refers to galaxy nexus w/ android 4.0.2 but you can follow similar steps for other scenarios too . download the factory images to your pc . unzip the file and its contents into your sdk/tools folder ( wherever your adb . exe and fastboot . exe files are ) . *make sure they are not in their own folder , but have all been extracted to tools . from within your tools folder , open a command prompt ( shift + right click – “open command prompt here” ) : type the following commands , allowing each to finish before moving onto the next : ` reboot your phone by highlighting “start” and pressing the lock switch . it really is as simple as that . your phone is now back to a 100% stock , unrooted and locked state .
well , i think you are friend has guided you over the wrong direction its not the malware it has happened because of rooting the device . tell you what this is another demerits of rooting sometimes it results in less stable rom which i guess is the case with you you have rooted you device , means all the restriction imposed by your carrier gets removed means let me give you a short example now you are device is free to function like the way you want it . suppose you have installed an application which under rooted condition wakes the core for only one minute and then let it over the standby process because of the limitation imposed . but now the same core is busy for more than the stipulated time because your device restriction is removed and it will work according to the way you want . so , it results in performance but the battery life started suffering . it can be said as some of the disadvantages of rooting your device , i would say you might have heard the term rooting is not advised and is mainly intended for developers .
its a huge security hole because it allows an application to add your facebook and google and other account names to your online profile without you realizing it . if the site is hacked the hackers could follow through to other know accounts if you were stupid enough to use the same password . lots of people are that stupid so it will happen . an online dating site or porn site might leak your real facebook and google account names to the people you are chatting with even though you never gave that information to the site itself . anonymous online ? not any more .
this permission is of moderate-high importance . this allows the application to read what accounts you have and the usernames associated with them . it allows the app to interact with permission related to that account . an example would be an app that was restoring your contact , would discover your google account then send you to google 's login screen . it does not actually get to see your password , but it gets to work with the account . this is also legitimately used by applications to add contacts to your accounts , such as dialer replacements and contact managers/backup/sync/etc . source
if you go to storage in settings , you can see a basic breakdown , i am guessing apps wont be the biggest , however look to see if pictures and videos ; audio ; downloads ; cache or misc . is taking up a lot of space and click on the relevant entry to have further actions ( clearing cache , deleting downloads , etc . . ) . if this option is not available in settings ( it is in aosp , but may not be in touchwiz ) , try searching the play store for a comparable app ( see @user284oo6 ) .
normally when you have removed the applications then your freed storage space has to be reflected . but as you say that even though the total app storage space is not more then 1gb then it is better to go for the antutu tester app to confirm the details of the memory issue . this app will give you a detailed report of the working of the android tablet/device and also gives a rating on your memory , sd card . if the app shows fine then the problem lies with a bug . in order to remove this bug you need to delete the malicious app which causes this kind of problem or simply do a factory reset ( your 's is a rooted device so can not be sure about how to reset your rooted device )
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
this seems like an issue that has been reported to the android development team . i am not sure if it is specific to the droid x , but even the work item relates to the droid x . if that is the case , i do not know if that is technically an android issue , but a motoblur issue , as the droid x runs the motoblur version of android . also , yes , that is what " never use secure password " means .
there is a lot of mixing up because the " aagh tinfoil hats " brigade are very mixed up themselves . there is no evidence that any radio emissions from mobile phones have any health effects whatsoever . you get a larger radio dose from your local tv transmitter than the phone in your pocket . to answer your specific questions : yes , you are safe from rf if there is no 3g functionality , or if there is 3g functionality for that matter . if you turn on wi-fi , it emits radio waves ( that is how it works ! ) regardless of whether it is connected to a network or scanning for networks . as you say , emf is just the " spill-off " from any electrical appliance or even cable . the emf from tablets is almost too little to measure : it is several orders of magnitude less than from anything with an electric motor , such as a hairdryer or fan . neither rf nor emf emissions from tablets or mobile phones are hazardous to health at all . a case to reduce the rf emissions is a bit pointless . wi-fi , bluetooth , and 3g protocols all feature methods for the transmitter to change its transmission strength as necessary . blocking the transmission just makes it transmit with more power , running your battery down faster .
i have the same phone . i had to do a hard reset . by doing this its like your phone is brand new straight out of the box . no mobile codes which pretty much leaves your phone open . when you get a new phone , they mess with it first before you get it in your hands . they put in codes for their network so all will work properly . when i did the hard reset i couldnt send mms nor recieve them either , but by downloading go sms , i looked at their settings and was able to get my phone right again . if you can not get into the settings to do the factory reset or anything else , then this is the next best option : to do a hard reset turn your phone off . turn it on again holding the power button and both volume keys at the same time until you see the samsung flashing logo . release all buttons and a little cute 3d android will show up . you then will have the option on what you want to do . remove your sim and sd card , or they will be erased along with your phone . your phone will be brand new again .
yes , if you was a administrator of group , and you remove yourself from group whatsapp add you as a ordinary user .
this answer works for the galaxy s4 , but it will likely work for your s3 as well . install the xposed framework , which is a soft-mod framework that lets you modify your current rom ( including the original/stock rom ) without permanently changing it ( you can enable and disable modules at your discretion ) . the framework and modules , of course , require root . after you install the framework , install the nottach xposed module . this is designed for the s4 , but most of the features work on the s3 as well . after installing the module , enable the module within the xposed app . open the nottach xposed app ( acknowledge the warning that it is not made for your device ) , enable the checkbox for Framework-> Hide wireless charging dialog . finally , reboot the phone . your phone should now be able to charge wirelessly without having the dialog pop up every time . many of the other options in nottach xposed will likely work , though obviously tweaks for things that only exist on the s4 will not work for the s3 .
you can check the battery temperature with " system info widget "
overheating . you may have used it intensely and when you lock the screen you then put it in ur pocket ? your phone will be overheating and restarting itself to stop damge to the circuits/processor . similar user issue here
you could use an app like tasker . next to location and time , tasker can also act on certain system events . i use this e.g. to " switch to night mode " when i place my droid2 onto its docking station , turning it ( amongst others ) into " silent " mode . similarly , you can have it react on " bluetooth connected " , and have all volumes adjusted to your convenience -- e.g. notification volume to 0 , but media volume to 6 ( for some music ) . many more possibilities wait there . . .
in cm they have a hack ( or implementation ) so that you can change the volume over the lockscreen by pressing the volume up/down key . also pressing it multiple times will seek/change the track . now i had two cellphones optimus one from lg ( gb ) and another mobistel clone ( running ics ) and the cm rom worked for both of them . firstly requesting , include the model of your phone here and if possible check for some gb/ics rom to have this feature by default . edit : is this device the same you have ? http://get.cm/?device=solana in case you are - cheers ! you are going to be a cyanogener shortly : ) try for a nightly build . i must not say they are super stable but you can get a feel of it , assuming you are running a root device .
vlc supports such a feature . it is the official android version of the world-famous vlc media player . you can change the volume of what you are listening with it while your phone screen is locked . it is available for free on the google play store . vlc is still in beta status however it is quite stable and it works well . it should be noted that vlc is only available for devices with a armv7 hardware architecture . and it is the case of the motorola razr d3 . ; - )
if you are wearing a headset when listening to your podcasts ( which i assume ) , and those are wired and provide a physical button for play/pause , there might be an additional option using physical controls : the playstore offers a bunch of headset control apps -- some of them manufacturer specific , others explicitly manufacturer independent ( in praxis , both mostly work manufacturer independently -- it just might take you a while to find the one working best with your headset ) . those utilize the single button most headsets offer to perform different tasks . for volume control , with most of them long-pressing the button increases volume , while a short press followed by a long one decreases volume ( in both cases , until either you let go of the button or the volume reaches the end of its scale , whatever happens first ) . i personally tried two of them : first i used jays headset control , which worked fine for increasing , but failed in 90% for decreasing volume -- which i address to the fact that i do not have a jays headset . so having a philips headset , i tried philips headset next , and as expected it worked perfectly . jays headset control , the rather device independent headsetbutton controler , and philips headset ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you can see by these example screenshots , " command sequences " seem to be almost standardized ( for combinations up to 3 presses , that is -- the " quadruple click " seems to be an added speciality of headsetbutton controller ) . so if you want/have to switch at a later time , you do not even have to change your customs regarding this : )
that most likely depends on what phone and interface you have . on , say , a galaxy s3 with the stock touchwiz ui , when music is playing in the samsung player or in google play music , the volume control is enabled at the lock screen . on some other devices , it may not be possible . may i suggest editing your post to include which phone model you have ?
usb controllers follow a spec which means any usb controller " should " work . so there is not a " list of supported devices " as they all are supposed to work as long as they are not proprietary . even an xbox 360 wired controller should work ( not sure about a wireless 360 controller , even when plugged in with the charge kit ) . now your wireless controller is probably a different story . this is probably using some proprietary protocol to communicate information from the dongle to the controller , but you could try it . as long as the android device thinks that the dongle is a usb controller , and the dongle handles the communications to the controller , it may work .
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
i suspect that the events for which you get notifications have a reminder set in them . so the easiest way to get rid of the notifications is to turn off the reminders in the events themselves . typically , you would not have a reminder in the birthday event but if the event came from somewhere else ( like outlook or other phone ) then the reminder might get added to it . i had this problem on some phones . . . however , it could be very tedious to remove reminders individually if you have many events with unwanted reminders . the second part of the question : i would use tasker app for that . however , you have to pay for it . i am aware of a free automation app automateit ( sorry can not add a link because i do not have enough rep here ) and from description it looks like it can also kill sound based on a rule but i have not used it myself so will not comment . for tasker there are instructions on how to implement " sleep mode " with which the phone with " shut up " at night . if you go down this path i can assist more since i have set this up on my phone and it works quite well .
if it is an htc , theres an option to set " reminders " to " none " instead of the default 10 minutes . it is just under the " description " box in the new event screen . ** * ** * ** * *i am stupid . you said google calendar , i skipped that part when reading the post title . if you go to your online calendar (google.com/calendar) you can edit the event and click the " x " next to " reminders " , and that will remove the alarm on your calendar ( and device , as long as device syncs ) . hope this helps !
i have just published the new version of nudnik calendar notifications . this app integrates seamlessly with your google calendar . there is a quiet hours feature so you can set not to be notified for certain hours . you will get the notifications when the quiet hours are over . check it out - it has the best nag features ( popup , sound , led , vibrations ) + other cool stuff like shake-to-stop/snooze , notify events without reminders , quite hours , and much more ! https://market.android.com/details?id=amprogz.nudnik.full thanks : )
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
the browser in honeycomb 3.2 does support websockets .
neither gingerbread nor honeycomb browsers support web sockets . however , firefox beta v . 7 and firefox aurora ( which is a nightly of v . 8 ) both support the current spec of web sockets off the box .
just did a little investigation . . . my xoom ( currently up to date ) , does not support the following : websockets , sse ( server sent events ) , webworkers , getusermedia ( ) ; : ( x4
i finally found the solution in this tutorial in french : http://forum.frandroid.com/topic/180104-tuto-flash-arnova-10dg3-rom-uberoid-jeally-bean-411-root%c3%a9e/ it seems like the firmware from arnova is somehow incomplete . i installed a rooted rom .
sshdroid supports sftp . i am not sure there is any point of doing sftp through a usb cable though , who are you securing against ?
i realize this question is a bit old and therefore the original poster may no longer benefit from this answer , but i ama try anyhow , just in case anyone else has this exact same question . i have this working flawlessly ( as far as i can tell ) on devices running versions of android ranging from 2.2 up to 4.3 , all using dropbear , however it took a bit of searching to find the solution . what the problem is , put simply , dropbear ( as included in most android app markets ) does not apparently include the binary for sftp-server for some unfathomable reason . the ( somewhat ) simple fix was found in the discussion thread for issue #1 at the droidsshd google code project . i will now explain that solution step by step for future visitors to this question . install droidsshd or dropbear app from your favorite android market app . configure appropriately so that it is working fine for normal ssh connections . try sftp root@&lt;your droid ip address&gt; to confirm it as non-working and to get an error message telling you where it is expecting to find the sftp-server binary at . download the sftp-server binary found in comment #6 of the aforementioned issue #1 discussion . use whatever available means necessary to get that sftp-server binary into your device 's sdcard . ( i prefer airdroid personally , but your favorite method will work equally well i am sure . ) ssh into your droid device and copy that binary into the appropriate folder from the error message above in step 3 . ( you may need to create a folder or two if they do not exist yet . i did . ) ssh root@&lt;your droid ip address&gt; mkdir -p &lt;path to expected folder&gt; cp /mnt/sdcard/sftp-server &lt;path to expected folder&gt; if the previous command failed , try " mount -o remount , rw /" to mount the appropriate partition as read/write then try the previous copy command again . rm /mnt/sdcard/sftp-server by this time you should be in a position to restart the dropbear server and then enter an sftp://root@droid/ style address in dolphin ( or whatever similar method in your file manager of choice ) . this method has worked for me ( on four different devices thus far ) . i hope it helps you , too .
i had the same problem for too long now and stumbled upon this question . since this is a usb operation , using encryption ( ssh ) provides no useful security , but will tax the two cpus , drain the phone battery and might reduce transfer speed . i am therefore very happy to say that i am transferring a 4gb file at 9.2mb/s from my phone to my ubuntu machine using usb tethering and primitive ftpd . primitive ftpd is a plain ftp server , so it does not have this encription/decryption overhead and is also foss ( available through f-droid ) , so it does not require me to have a google account and sacrifice privacy for access to apps . perfect !
the reason for using sftp over usb is speed and convenience . mtp is unsatifactory , and transfering files over wifi is slow . for those of you who have my setup ( gsm galaxy nexus with cyanogenmod 9 rc2 or later ) here 's how to manage files on your device with maximum convenience and speed . install digisshd ( and digicontrol ) on phone connect phone to pc via usb cable on phone , go to settings > wireless and networks > more . . . > tethering and portable hotspot > check " enable usb tethering " done . exit settings . the first time setting up digisshd on phone , open digisshd and enable it ( so it becomes active ) . since i am running kde , i use dolphin . here 's how to manage files on my phone with dolphin . ( you could do the same with nautilus , but the syntax may be different . ) sftp://android@192.168.99.199:2222/mnt/sdcard/ this assumes the default port of 2222 . you can change password , port , etc . in digisshd settings . once it is set up , establishing the connection is super easy . and managing files via a real file manager is way superior to using mtp . see more here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=29267792postcount=12
we have a similar question here that asks abour forwarding incoming messages to the pc over a http interface . again , i can suggest maxs or gtalksms which is like a remote control for your phone over xmpp . disclaimer : i am involved in maxs and gtalksms
another option is using sms gateway api ( play store link ) it is a hosted one and you can use their web console to easily configure the app .
i ended up using sms gateway , it uses http post to send and receive smss .
check out this one . zipwhip text messaging : link . this application supports user to send text from pc over a http and client app . also , it supports pc and mac .
the hdr function in the nexus 5/kitkat camera app is an optional function that is switched off by default . from some informal testing with my new nexus 5 , how fast the hdr function is at taking photos seems to depend on what is in the photo . taking a close up picture of the well lit surface of my desk seems to be pretty fast ( feels like under 2 seconds ) , taking a picture down the length of my open plan office towards the window seems to take a few seconds longer . it seems to depend on the variation in the lighting ( and possibly the depth ) in the photo , which would make sense as hdr works by taking photos for different light levels and combining them . taking a photo with hdr off seems to consistently take a photo pretty nearly instantly . for me the camera app launches in about 2 seconds from the lock screen ( swiping the lock screen left without unlocking ) and in under a second from an unlocked home screen . the above was written using a nexus 5 running 4.4 . in addition the 4.4.1 update promises further camera speed enhancements , the speed-ups should apparently be particularly noticeable in low light . more : androidpolice : android 4.4.1 will improve the nexus 5 's camera , update expected to roll out over the next couple of days
most of these permissions are used by google now and the new features they will be bringing out after google i/o and the upcoming android l release . i am not sure about why they need a lot of these permissions , but i will explain the ones that i know about . feel free to edit the answer to improve it . i have listed all the sub permissions as listed in the play store . device and app history retrieve running apps this is for an upcoming feature where google search results will point/link directly to apps installed on your phone . read your web bookmarks and history this is for making google now suggestions based on your web habits . for example , i get updates about fifa world cup scores because i have searched for them on my phone before . identity find accounts on the device should be related to the feature mentioned in " retrieve running apps " it is also needed to log in with your google account for the " commute sharing " feature , to access your web search history , and for app search , if you have any of these features turned on add or remove accounts read your own contact card contacts/calendar read your contacts mainly for google voice commands , such as calling a contact or sending them a message . modify your contacts read calendar events plus confidential information for reminding you about upcoming events . add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners ' knowledge location precise location ( gps and network-based ) approximate location ( network-based ) to provide location based suggestions , i get google now cards with places to eat nearby , weather reports , photo spots nearby , etc sms receive text messages ( sms ) send sms messages to send messages via voice commands edit your text messages ( sms or mms ) read your text messages ( sms or mms ) phone directly call phone numbers make calls via voice commands read call log photos/media/files test access to protected storage modify or delete the contents of your usb storage camera/microphone take pictures and videos record audio wi-fi connection information view wi-fi connections might be used for guessing when you are at home/work or maybe related to this device id and call information read phone status and identity other send gmail permission to write sound search matches preload results modify secure system settings receive data from internet choose widgets download files without notification read google settings disable or modify status bar contacts data in google accounts view configured accounts adjust your wallpaper size prevent app switches modify google settings set an alarm run at startup control flashlight view network connections prevent device from sleeping install shortcuts use accounts on the device change your audio settings read google service configuration modify system settings full network access pair with bluetooth devices access bluetooth settings set wallpaper send sticky broadcast connect and disconnect from wi-fi read sync settings control vibration
some vpn providers , such as hma , have instructions specific to android devices , so its best to check with your vpn provider via their support page , as you are going to need their server and other info . all android devices support pptp vpn , and there are some vpn 's you can use for free such as hideman which you can find in google play . here is a tutorial on basic configuration http://www.vpntraffic.com/index.php?action=contentcont_id=26
well . . . it seems the best features ( at least for me ) will be exclusive to the nexus 5: http://www.droid-life.com/2013/11/22/psa-what-some-device-owners-wont-see-in-their-kit-kat-update/ from that list : google experience launcher translucent nav bar and notification bar smart dialer that is really a shame !
with these things there are always exceptions and a few clever work-arounds , the below is general advice . only flash a rom for your exact device model you can not flash something not ' stock ' through the stock recovery , attempting to do so will cause signature errors . the opposite ; flashing stock rom through a custom recovery will also error . so you will not be able to restore to stock first ( more than likely anyway . ) however , since you do not immediately need the phone on stock , then you can copy any rom compatible with your device onto the sd card and flash that through recovery . at least then you will be have a booting device , and can deal with the usb drivers issue . installing in recovery would usually involve the 2 main steps below : Wipe the device Install from zip and then install any other zips you may need ( e . g . google-apps ) . you could attempt to mount the sd card in your recovery but i would guess you have tried all those options . also as izzy has pointed out you may need a new radio-firmware flashed on the device to allow " low level interface " connection , so the kernel has nothing to connect to . once again only flash something for your exact device or you will have a shiny paper weight !
i would recommend , rather , using thunderbird as an imap client with the google contacts and lightning add-ons ( http://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/thunderbird/addon/7307 and http://mozilla.org/projects/calendar ) . you should be able to manage your contacts and calendar in thunderbird and sync with google . so then your thunderbird and phone will each synchronize to and from google .
i have the same phone and having the same difficulty on finding any info , so far i have been able to : connect to pc using pdanet auto drivers root using graphical easy root tool install clockworkmod recovery rua1 autocwm v5.5.0.4 hope this helps .
as for all driver problems , you should first try the following : disconnect the device uninstall all drivers for it reboot install the official drivers ( probably the zte-specific ones ) reboot connect the device
flashing a supersu update zip via recovery will override android 4.3 's built-in superuser . from then on , you can use supersu , but you will need to keep superuser enabled in settings .
why dont you save message as memo . . . you can view anytime you want . . . and when you wish to send . . . simply go to that memo and tab their for 2 seconds . . . it will pop-up send-via . . . choose messaging option . . . and then send . . .
in handcent sms , you can save commonly used snippets as quicktext
for saving drafts , gmail and email both save drafts automatically when you leave the app or lock the phone . for sms , it should keep any text you have entered in the text entry field until you send or delete it .
i swear by waze . it is gives spoken directions . as a plus ( or actually main selling point ) , it is a social gps . that is , by keeping track of speed and location , it knows where there is heavy traffic and routes you around it .
provided that you have a phone running android 1.6 or higher , and are in a supported country , then google maps navigation will do this . you should have navigation as a separate icon in your apps list ( upwards pointing blue arrow icon ) even though it comes with maps . if you do not have that ( and are on a supported version and in a supported country ) then just go to the market and search for the updated version of google maps . i have used it for car and walking directions , and it works very well , do not need to take the phone out of my pocket while walking , as everything spoken through my headphones .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
after some investigation , i found out that the older groups are still in existence and the first person i had added in each of them , when they were created , became the admin of the groups . i had to ask them to add me back to the group .
i do not know if it is what you are after as it is a big commercial plugin that is unlikely to tell you much , but the flash player springs to mind as the only browser plugin that i know of .
at least one plugin exists . adobe flash . note that plugins and extensions are not the same . the default aosp browser does not support extensions .
download the firmware from : http://hotfile.com/dl/146491093/3b7d6c9/p1000lvijr2_p1000lzvvjr3_zvv.zip.html or www.sammobile.com after that follow this " how to " to install the new firmware : http://androidromupdate.com/2012/02/26/how-to-install-p1000xwjq8-android-2-3-6-firmware-update-on-galaxy-tab-gt-p1000/ make preparation before flashing : - back-up all important data stored in your device ( this is important to keep all your data in safe , if something went wrong ) - ensure that the battery is fully charge ( power lose may interupt the process and might brick the device in no time ) - galaxy tab usb cable wire – a good conditioned usb wire . - a pc/laptop with working usb port that runs in windows os , this will not work on mac users ) - install kies on your pc just to get the driver of the tab , or grab the driver . - disable any antivirus program , and also kies if you have it installed . download tools and stock rom : odin downloader with pit and driver for galaxy tab stock roms : choose the right p1000xwjq8 stock firmware according to your country or carrier providers . the build number is the same on each packages but varies with different csc file on each specific countries , so you should choose the right firmware for your device to avoid any functionality issues . these stock rom’s can be found in at sammobile . odin flashing procedure 1 ) once you downloaded the right stock firmware for you device , extract it using winrar , 7zip or any other program to have the single . tar . md5 file . 2 ) run odin on your desktop . 3 ) check the pda checkbox and tick the pda button and then load the extracted p1000xwjq8_p1000xxjpz_p1000dbtjq1_home . tar . md5 . ( no pit repartition necessary if you have your device runs in original firmware ) ( pit file is only needed for advacne users who installed their device with any custom roms and getting an error flashing official firmware . grab the pit file here , if you needed it ) 4 ) ensure that the “repartion” checkbox mark empty , just only the auto reboot and f . reset time remains to be checked . 5 ) set the galaxy tab into download mode – turn it off first then gently press and hold the volume down and power button together at the same time . 6 ) once the tab displays in download mode screen , connect the usb cable . check odin if the id:com turns in yellow color and message say ‘added ! ’ ( it means that the device is properly connected and already recognized with odin ) 7 ) hit the “start” button to begin flashing or installing the firmware . do not touch the phone while in flashing process , just wait until it completely finishes . 8 . ) a word “pass” on odin window will then appear as if the flashing succefully done . wait until the tablet completly reboots . , before removing the usb cable . do a factory reset , *2767*3855# to regain a full fresh firmware installed . then confirm the newly installed firmware *#1234# . that’s it . .
if its just data you are concerned about then you do not even need to mirror your phones screen on your computer . you can use a development tool called adb , this will allow you to simply connect your phone through usb and access the filesystem . there is plenty of documentation online about adb , but if you need any specifics for what to do let me know in a comment .
yes , android has a command-line interface just like a desktop gnu/linux system . but because it is an embedded system without storage space to throw away on features most users do not want , there are not a lot of commands installed by default : just some specific ones used to interact with android services ( such as am and pm ) . because the manufacturer can customize the system image , there is no definitive list of what commands are available : it varies from device to device . to add more commands , you can install busybox , which is a single package containing a set of the most-used unix command-line utilities . there are several " busybox installer " apps on google play , but as it is open-source , you can also install it from f-droid or build it yourself from source . as you have already seen , there is a wide variety of terminal emulator apps . these run on your android phone and provide a window into which you can type commands and see the results . often they come with ssh clients and the like built-in , because the most common use for a terminal emulator on an android phone is to ssh into a bigger computer . in addition , running adb shell from a desktop computer that is connected to the phone via adb gives you a shell on the phone . you can instead run <code> adb shell command </code> to run <code> command </code> in a shell on the phone . neither of the above methods of starting a shell make you root by default , but if your phone is rooted , you can use the su command in the usual way to become root . whichever root manager you have on your phone ( superuser , supersu , etc . ) will probably pop up on the screen for you to confirm the root access . shell scripts run on android in the usual way , but as i have already mentioned , you do not get a lot of commands to play with by default , so many scripts written for desktop simply will not work .
try button savior ( non-root version , root required version ) .
i believe this is a pure software issue . if you have custom recovery installed , try to wipe cache/davik-cache . if not , try reseting the phone to default settings . ( are you on a custom rom ? if so , have you tried asking in the developer 's support forum ? what software are you using for the soft buttons ? have you tried another rom ? )
ok the answer here is simple - you need to use the out of office function in outlook . the true out of office function does not show up as a calendar entry it just flags you as away to anyone who tries to contact you . is there a reason why this is not being used ? what version of outlook are you using ? i am good on anything since 2007 .
you can go inside the google calendar , either through a pc or a mobile and click ' display calendars ' above settings , and then choose which one ( s ) to show . if it is unchecked , it means you are going to hide the specific calendar .
propably this could give you a hint : we have 3 accounts : company@gmail.com buddy1@gmail . com buddy2@gmail . com buddy1 and buddy2 added company@gmail.com 's calendar as an external calendar ( granted by company@gmail.com ) buddy1 adds an event and sets it as " private " and " available " --> company and buddy2 see nothing ! buddy1 adds an event and sets it as " private " and " busy " --> company and buddy2 see the appointment but can not read it is title or content , buddy1 of course can see his own appointment !
that happened to me because the network was handling b g and n bands , if you set only n in the router , the problem is solve .
i would start at the router and look there first . do a reboot of the router and see if it still happens . if it does , there should be logging in the admin of the router that you can turn on ( if its not already ) and maybe you can see something causing the drop . try getting wifi analyzer from the android market ( free ) to check if your router is on the same channel as other networks around you . try to put your router on the " clearest " channel .
is it dropping while you are actively using it ? then is probably a router problem , or possibly a defective phone . try on another network . otherwise , try using ryanza 's one click lag fix . you do not need to actually use the lagfix , just open the app and change the wifi timeout value to something higher .
go to settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings , then press the " menu " key at the bottom of your phone . click on " advanced " , then on " wi-fi sleep policy " , it should have the option of " when screen turns off " but change it to " never " if you do not want it to drop your wi-fi and use your phone service provider 's data network when your screen turns off .
if you have jpy firmware then it might be causing problems . try jpu/jpx and try also other modem . hopefully it will help !
you can use adb ( android debug bridge ) tools . -install platform-tools which are included in android sdk -toggle usb debugging options on your phone . -connect to your phone with adb . example operation for testfile . txt upload your file with ' adb push ' command . adb push testfile.txt /data/local/tmp/  get shell with ' adb shell ' command . adb shell  ( you will get a prompt like below . ) become superuser with ' su ' command . shell$ su  change permissions of testfile . txt to 644 ( -rwx--r--r- ) chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/testfile.txt 
no , the bootloader has no bearing on a sim/network lock . the htcdev site explicitly states this on the bootloader unlock page , in fact : please note that unlocking your bootloader does not mean that you will be able to unlock the sim lock . unlocking your sim lock is at the discretion of your operator/carrier and is not part of the bootloader unlocking scope . the reverse is also true , but the main point is that the two concepts are unrelated .
i have discovered a solution for this problem . the only apparent way around it is to change the keyboard from the default keyboard to the swype keyboard . click here if you would like to know what swype is ; at first i was a little dubious , but it really is quite marvellous and accurate ! why this resolves the problem , i do not know , but i am just happy that it does and am certain that this will provide some respite to those of you who are also experiencing this annoying problem .
no . instead you may lose your root access in turn , because some system settings go back to default when updating a device , which will probably include your superuser . your personal data and installed apps will not be affected .
so i have finally solved it using the update command ( disable sync ; restart ; update ; restart ; enable sync ) and ot seems to work well . the update command was like : UPDATE Calendars SET sync_events=1, selected=1 WHERE _id &gt; 3  i had tried compiling the android calendar from source , but i was getting sone errors about invalid ndk or sdk version .
on my device running 2.2 froyo , that method ( from 2.1 ) was replaced by long-pressing on text to select it . two " handles " appear at each end of the selection , and you can drag them wherever you want ( e . g . to the top and the bottom ) . maybe try that . if it does not work , what android version are you using ?
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
chrome to phone is a great app . it is one of my most used apps . install chrome to phone from app brain or the android market . next install the chrome extension . finally find the directions on google maps and click the chrome to phone button . this will open up either the web page , google maps , or google navigation ( can not remember ) on your device assuming your device is connected to the internet . however , since this is not a phone i suspect you will not have an internet connection while you are driving which could be a problem if you are trying to use google maps/navigation .
the picture you got on your phone was upgrade mode ( also called download mode ) . the phone disconnects and then tries to reconnect when it goes into this mode . my guess is that the reconnect failed ; it happened to me when i tried upgrading through a virtual machine . i suggest borrowing a friend 's computer running windows natively to do the upgrade .
are you sure your phone is recognized by windows ? you can verify this by looking in the windows device manager if there is no error message or a yellow question mark on your device ( you can find it by searching device manager in the search field of start menu ) if the driver is not installed you can found it on http://www.samsung.com/
check security > unknown sources make sure that it is checked to allow installation from unknown sources
many time there are softwares like easytether , etc which do not allow adb to access your device . make sure you do not have any such software installed which interfaces with your phone via usb . if as stated above is not the case with you , you should try reinstalling kies and the samsung usb drivers . that should certainly do the task for you .
as a quick fix that got the meetings i have now onto my phone , i pulled up all forthcoming meetings and appointments that had not synced using outlook , forwarded them to myself , and then pulled up the e-mails on my phone and accepted each invite . this worked and did not create any dupes on either the phone or outlook . that works for now , and it seems that appointments i have created in outlook since i set up the phone to sync are syncing correctly , if a bit delayed . we will see about meeting invites i accept from others . now , this solution only works because most of my schedule is regular recurring meetings , so i only had to resend a few invites . if there is a solution that does not require re-accepting every invite for every meeting for the foreseeable future , i am sure it would be helpful to those of us that have a fuller , more free-form appointment schedule .
this is not really an android problem , per se . my wife and i have been effectively sharing our calendars for a few years . i use android , she uses an iphone . the secret sauce is to use google calendar . we each have our own google accounts , and have shared ( read-access ) with each other . we also have created shared calendars for both of our kids , household events ( e . g . , when is the trash picked up ) , local events we might want to attend , and the schedule for their schools getting the calendar ( s ) into android is academic ( and i just use the standard calendar app ) . she simply needed to connect her calendar app . ( she is having a problem where sometimes events she creates on her device do not show up , but that is an iphone issue . )
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
on my droid there is actually a proximity sensor that disables the screen if anything is too close to it . on the droid this sensor is up next to the ear speaker so that when you put the phone up to your ear it triggers the proximity sensor . what model phone do you have ?
on my phone i can click the power button to turn off the screen , so no buttons are there to be pressed .
long press on that wifi connection , tap on show advanced settings . fill in your details . the google play store , and whatsapp will not work . for that you will have to root your phone , and install proxy droid or some such proxy app .
a keyboard can do this - that is how a keyboard works , after all . not only that , but for some scripts , what you describe is the most common way to enter text . for example , in japanese , one enters む by typing " mu " ( the latin characters representing the same sound ) . you can not do it with a normal app without rooting . anything else would be a big security flaw .
another thing you need to consider if you have no google account is what to do about your contacts and calendar . since you are not going to synchronize your phone contacts and calendar with google , you need another solution . a good option is to keep your data in outlook on your computer and use akruto sync to synchronize it with your phone . akruto sync runs on your computer , allowing your android phone to connect directly to your computer across the internet , the same way it connects to google , except that you are not sharing your information with anyone . your outlook contacts and calendar are always up-to-date on your phone and they stay private .
most after-market roms ship without google apps by default . take a look at e.g. cyanogenmod , which is available for many devices . so if you can install custom roms , that is one way to go . a different approach would be disabling all google apps , or even remove them ( on a rooted device ) . this might be a little more tricky as you would have to figure out all dependencies yourself .
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
try starting your galaxy tab in download mode . this is done by completely shutting it off , and then holding both power and volume down buttons together until a big yellow sign with a droid holding a shovel appears , with " downloading , do not turn off target " message underneath . if so , you can try flashing the stock rom via odin or heimdal utilities . you can find the detailed instructions on the development section of xda-developers forum .
while it cannot switch the default app for something , tasker can still do this . llama may be able to do it also , but you will have to set it up like this : set the stock dialer as default . make a tasker profile that enables when you are connected to wifi and triggers when you open the dialer-- the triggered action could then be to open your wifi calling app . i hope that works--
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser™ mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser™ mini
it looks like you can not turn off this feature . just as an " other-side-of-the-coin " perspective , i find that the reformatting does what i want and expect nearly all of the time , in that when i finish zooming , the text i am looking at fills the screen at the size i have zoomed to . your options seem limited , then , to : trying one of the other browsers available in the market , or lobbying htc to fix their browser , or learning to love the way the htc browser does it . . . edit : this does appear to be an htc feature , not stock android . amusingly , the first site i have noticed where the feature does not work right is htc . com itself , on the very page describing its benefits . . .
considering that e911 requires all cell phones to provide location information to emergency services ( wiki link ) , nearly every cell phone contains a gps receiver for e911 services . given that information , i would expect there to be very few cell phones ( android or otherwise ) that do not have a gps receiver built-in . with it already built in , and the os already having to support it ( since the phone system is simply an android application ) , it would be silly to not let other apps take advantage of it ( if the user prefers ) . one thing to keep in mind : gps location is a user-controlled option in android , so it may very well be disabled .
i am almost positive that all android phones will have a gps receiver in them . cnet reviewed the first droid in 2009 so chances are they will all have gps .
the current android compatibility definition document says : 7.3.3 . gps device implementations should include a gps receiver . if a device implementation does include a gps receiver , it should include some form of " assisted gps " technique to minimize gps lock-on time . so " should " does not mean " must " . [ edited because i messed things up . apps that require gps show up in the market regardless of whether the device supports it or not . ]
encdroid available from google play store , can do what you want with dropbox : encdroid is a file manager application for android devices to keep your files encrypted on dropbox or the local storage of the device . it is compatible with encfs so volumes created with encdroid can be accessed on windows/macos/linux desktop and laptops and vice versa .
boxcryptor is in alpha stage now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android
have not tried it yet , but cryptonite may be an option : http://code.google.com/p/cryptonite/ currently beta .
the first problem was that fastboot did not connect to my pc . this was solved by changing computer to one with a usb 2.0 . the problem i had with my recovery was solved by flashing the recovery partition again and cleaning the cache ( forget that the first time ) . fastboot flash recovery clockworkrec.img fastboot erase cache  after this i was able to get into recovery mode . i then had a problem where android revolution hd did not install and my htc one m7 was stuck in a bootloop . this was solved by installing twrp instead of cwm recovery , and by changing s-on to s-off . i was then able to install android revolution hd . thanks for the comments and many thanks to " bored_stupid " on xda-developers who solved the installation problem for me .
yes - you can install cyanogenmod for the i9100 s2 . get the cyanogenmod ( nightly if you feel adventurous or stick with the stable since you are new at this ) from http://download.cyanogenmod.org/?device=i9100 also , you will need to flash the appropriate gapps package from http://goo.im/gapps i highly recommend you read through the major posts of this thread on xda also , learn how to use cwm or twrp recovery - youtube has a number of videos . see how its done , before attempting to do it yourself , and of course - please back up your data to the cloud or to your pc / laptop / external sd card before attempting this and if possible , perform a nandroid backup so you can revert back to how things were should the unexpected occur and you need to recover .
woah ! i am not entirely sure what happened , but it suddenly started working again - i now have cm 11 up and running . here are some notes on what i was doing which will hopefully be helpful for someone else who has the same problems i did : first off , i was running windows 8 in a parallels vm . i do not know if either windows 8 or the vm was the culprit , but either way , it was silly and probably did not help things . getting adb and fastboot up and running in os x seemed to make a difference . also , there is a chance that there were some problems with directory partitioning/formatting - it suddenly started working after i wiped the system a few times with twrp ( wipe > format data ) and rebooted . obviously you will lose everything , but better to lose a few files and get your phone back ! other info that i found that was not relevant to me but might make a difference : apparently usb 3 can cause issues - try different usb ports , particularly usb 2 over usb 3 . windows 8 may not play nice - try windows 7 or xp ( or linux ! )
if you do not have a nandroid backup , you will have to find a stock rom for your device . your device is not that well-known , the only resource i could find is on xda-developers . there you can find information on how to use odin to flash a stock rom ( post #5 ) . in the future , creating a nandroid backup is always recommended before flashing a rom , just in case something happens or you want to go back .
if it is an usb keyboard , it can be directly connected to the microusb port of your android device using an otg cable . if your device is otg capable ( most devices of the current generation are , so chances are pretty good ) , it should be detected automatically . that is what i do with my tablets ( running android 4.1 ) and a tablet-case with integrated keyboard , to transform them into a mini-notebook – it works fantastic ! as a usb keyboard usually does not have bluetooth integrated , the bt approach would require some kind of adapter . i will not say there is no such thing , but at least i have never heard of any .
see what can i do to manage my phone&#39 ; s internal storage ? and install the app diskusage . on my phone , it made clear that the system itself takes up 1.2 gb , while this is not shown in the overview ( settings > storage ) . a possible explanation for why you get a message that internal storage is full , is that android always keeps up free space equal to the size of the largest app you installed . so if you install the xyzapp that takes up 100mb , android wants 100mb free disk space in case it needs to update and download the new version . you can try to move as many apps as possible to your external sdcard . that frees up space , and if by accident the biggest app can be moved , android will need less free space . hope this helps ! ( and thanks to izzy ! )
gingerbread is totally buggy about free space . i have even used a2sd , and moved that dalvic cache to ext partition ok . i got an extra 80mb , but that amount is decreasing each day . i am sad a bit about this . i would recommend that you root your devices and go back to froyo . i need to use an application which needs android 2.3 and on froyo i would not able to install it . i am sad because i like my htc desire . i do not consider it to be so old that it should be replaced by a new device . what can we do ? :- )
i found a user reporting 123 mb of free internal memory after the upgrade , vs 134 mb on a stock froyo , so you lose 11 mb when upgrading , although it seems that applications take up less space and app2sd is more efficient . i would like to hear more stories though .
i am surprised that there is not more to find on this subject . . i was going to do a factory reset , so i thought i might as well update . after the update i installed almost all the apps that i had before , and instead of 15mb free ( that i used to have ) , i now have 75mb free :p
to copy from al 's answer here : if there is an official update to android 2.3 ( check the post on gingerbread updates ) then you will get a notice on your phone ( eventually ) . just follow the instructions . if there is not an official update and you do not want to wait for one , you will need to root your phone and install a custom rom .
to check for phone updates , go into applications > settings > about phone and tap system updates or check for updates . however , if a new update comes out , then you should get a notification informing you so and giving you update instructions . if you root your phone , then you could install unofficial updates that are not from t-mobile . there are instructions at http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-optimus-t/43138-how-root-lg-optimus-t.html if you want to do so .
i had the same problem , it is a bug that appears occasionally when you change your google account password , or when you switch to the two step verification . some apps that are using your google account can not synchronize the new password and this error appears . in my case , the guilty was the app " my tracks " ( from google ) ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.maps.mytrackshl=en ) . going to " settings > apps > my tracks " , claning data and cache and relaunching the app solved the problem . if you do not have " my tracks " app installed then try this : go to " settings > accounts > your google account " . start unchecking one of the options and select " sync now " ( in the menu ) . continue unchecking the rest of the options one by one and doing " sync now " until the synchronizing error stops appearing . at this time , go to " settings > apps " , search for the last app you unchecked , clear its data and cache and relaunch it ( the app may ask for permission , you have to allow it ) . then return to " settings > accounts > your google account " and check all the options and do " sync now " . if the error continue appearing it means that another app is failing , so repeat the operation to detect and correct it .
i would try backing up the data for one of the apps , then clearing it and seeing if it works afterwards . you could try just restoring /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files/highscores.lua and see if that works . i do not have cut the rope so i do not know how its files work , sorry !
the errno global variable concept is not bluetooth specific but comes from the ( posix ) system calls used by BluetoothSocket.cpp . your log shows that the system call accept() failed , because it returned -1 ( negative values usually indicate an error ) . additionally accept() also set the errno to 125 . if you look at the related definition in the linux sources , you find that it maps to ecanceled : #define ECANCELED 125 /* Operation Canceled */  see also wikipedia on errno . h posix errno . h
honeycomb was actually meant for devices with large screens like tablets etc . . , there is no official update for s5300 . so you will have to root your phone and install a custom rom ( such as cyanogenmod ) on your phone . keep in mind that rooting your phone will void your phone of any warranty . also beware that any error made while flashing rom could brick your phone and make it unusable .
thanks for advice , problem was with ms exchange . i had to delete ms exchange account and recreate after this exchange asked me about permission for account and everything works fine .
i had the same problem with my lg optimus 4x p880 : whenever i wanted to make a call , the screen was going to off position ; only after finishing the call it turned back on . i think it is nothing but a software problem in android version 4.1.2 . so i rolled back from 4.1.2 jelly bean to 4.0.3 icecream sandwich . now my phone is working properly .
check the microphone of the device . on the s3 i believe it is the little hole on the right side of the charging port . i have seen this issue numerous times and on occasion , it is a clogged or semi clogged mic port . if the issue is intermittent , the aforementioned possibility is less likely . other times it is network related , app related or , worst case , a failing microphone .
it could be any or all of the following : speaker 's volume is too low if you have a protective case around your s3 . otterbox cases , and a few others , have been known to cause problem with the s3 's speaker . to be fair though , speakers on samsung devices are notoriously bad when it comes to receving and transmitting sound . some android firmware installed on the s3 can cause the audio software to lower the volume unnecessarily . try upgrading your s3 to the latest android firmware , like jellybean , kitkat or later .
i have had this problem with my own s3 . usually , it happens when i am holding the phone angled away from my head . in my case , holding the phone flat against the side of my head helps . i am not sure if it is some sort of background noise cancellation gone wonky or what , but that little shift in position is all it takes for me .
there are several interesting browser shortcuts available : ( source : android browser keyboard shortcuts )
it is common for websites to look different on different browsers . some websites might almost totally loose intended functionality according to which browser a user is using . the author often tests his site to make sure it looks the way he wants it to on various browsers by actually testing the browser . when , because of the difference in browsers it does not have the best display , the author may specify which browser its optimized for . i do not know if it is in this particular case , but at times the website developer will actually test for which browser is being used and implement various features according to the type of browse results . many browsers has a feature to actually announce the type of browser so that it may take advantages of certain options that the author may not expect available in a different browser type . because of these differences users often reserve specific browsers based on how a site might appear in that browser . i just looked at the site on four different browsers on my computer ( opera , firefox , chrome , and midori ) . the site looked basically the same on all four . this might be a results of my general settings preference for the four browsers . another factor is the android version of the browsers has their own feature list to to enhance sites to be optimized for the hand-held . you can experiment with the options on your android to change the appearance . updated info based on comments : many times the android browser will try to find a mobile version of it site . if one exist it may use that one . it is possible that the site is providing an incomplete flawed mobile version . ultimately the resolution is to communicate with the support people of the site and describe the problem/flaw . you will have to as you have just learned , test a different browser when you think something is malfunctioning . sites looking different on different browsers or devices is more common than you might think . this is why when you contact a site for support one of the first things they ask you is which browser are you using . they will also eventually ask you which os are you running .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
if you are using the in-built ( stock ) messaging app , see if there is an option in the settings similar to what you have described . by default , only contacts with mobile numbers should be shown . alternative messaging apps like gosms and handcent also have an option to restrict contacts with mobile numbers . in gosms , it is in the sending section of the settings .
i had similar problems . finally i just decided to unlink all my contacts from both gmail and facebook and whatever else , android want 's to sync contacts with . basically turn off any contact sync you may find on the phone . then backup and clean out or delete the entire address book . ( do the same with " new " phone contacts in gmail , which usually gets doubled . ) here is a long guide how to manually backing up all your contacts and emails to a csv file , and how to import them again . you can then use the same csv file to import your contacts into gmail afterwards . " about contacts import/export , backup/restore and data/sync " hope this helps .
it was necessary to completely wipe all system data before flashing the rom . once i did that , the file was found as normal .
open gmail , and open its Settings . click your username@gmail.com , and make sure Notifications is checked . then , click Inbox sound &amp; vibrate and click Turn Gmail sync on . configure the Notifications at the bottom as you like . in Settings , make sure Sync Gmail is also checked . with regards to gmail sync frequency , see this question : how to set gmail sync frequency ?
since you have no access to the ui , the option would be using the adb shell . note : the adb shell will only work if usb debugging was previously enabled ! connect your device with the usb cable . ( install drivers if needed ) use a terminal ( or cmd if in windows ) change to your adb location directory . run the following to do a recovery wipe : adb shell &gt; recovery --wipe_data 
it looks like you are calling the application by the wrong name . it is adb not abd . the message you posted from the console is when the file ( or command ) does not exist in the current directory ( or in the environment path ) it stands for android debug bridge .
you might need to reboot after changing the system 's path variables . in any case , if you navigate to the directory where adb is installed before issuing commands , you will not need to modify anything . cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools adb devices  this should work , assuming you installed the sdk to c:\androidsdk directory .
my brother had a samsung galaxy s-4 , and he started having minor issues with it so he brought it into the store . the end result was him walking out with an s-5 , and he explained to me a galaxy-specific process that allowed him to put everything into the new phone . his contacts , wallpapers , music and everything else . i assume that he started the process on the older phone , and this might not be helpful to you , but that is all i know and hopefully this is helpful to you somehow . wish i could do more , that is awful .
i am missing some information : is your phone rooted ? do you have usb debugging enabled ? are your contacts synced to your google account ? since it is not clear from the question - have you checked that your contacts are not already backed up to your google account ? if you had your contacts synced - then they should all be backed up to the cloud / your connected google account . if that is not the case , and all you need is to be able to see your screen and control your phone ( via the app of your choice ) - you can try this kind of solution - an an mhl-enabled usb port . also , maybe airdroid , can help as well .
i had the same problem . looking at the source of heimdal revealed that this message is send when no usb device is attached . and this was in fact the case . lsusb showed that the kernel is not aware of any usb device related to the galaxy s : after i used a different usb cable and a different usb port , my galaxy s appeared on lsusb while it is in download mode : and heimdall was able to flash a new kernel ! so i have two suggestions : try another usb cable , i suspect the original samsung usb cable to be of low quality try another usb port , ideally without a usb hub between the devices
you can switch your phone to airplane mode - this will shut down all radios . after this , turn on only the wifi and you will be able to use it as a wifi only device .
you can tap the ' labels ' button in gmail 's action bar . from there you can navigate to all labels you have in gmail , including ' sent ' and ' draft ' .
unfortunately , it is a big problem . google apparently decided to go mtp only route since it does not require unmounting the storage from the android side when you connect it to your computer . so : you cannot assign a drive letter to an mtp device . here 's my answer on superuser . com explaining why . there is a program named alt mounter that supposely solves this problem , and it requires a special software both on the phone and on your computer ( windows/mac ) . it is beta and i never tried it . if your phone is rooted , you can install a samba server on your phone , and simply map a network location to a drive on your computer . no usb is needed , simply access your phone using a drive letter via wi-fi . this is the method i use , and it works fairly well for me .
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
this link contains the parts where you can intervene / add your own functionality the rough flow is power on > bootloader > kernel > init process > system server > boot complete at the bootloader stage , the following is run : a . the first boot loader stage will detect and set up external ram . b . once external ram is available and the system is ready the to run something more significant the first stage will load the main boot loader and place it in external ram . c . the second stage of the boot loader is the first major program that will run . this may contain code to set up file systems , additional memory , network support and other things . on a mobile phone it may also be responsible for loading code for the modem cpu and setting up low level memory protections and security options . d . once the boot loader is done with any special tasks it will look for a linux kernel to boot . it will load this from the boot media ( or some other source depending on system configuration ) and place it in the ram . it will also place some boot parameters in memory for the kernel to read when it starts up . e . once the boot loader is done it will perform a jump to the linux kernel , usually some decompression routine , and the kernel assumes system responsibility . here 's another link ( more on the linux side ) on the topic with references : elinux website answer this comment stood out to me : in general it is quite tricky to create a boot loader for an existing phone since they often come with tailor made boot loaders from the manufacturer . to add to the difficulty they also have security features that aim to prevent you from downloading your own bootloader . however , if you have an open platform you need an initial bootloader stage and a main bootloader able to start and/or flash software to the device . for the main bootloader you probably want to check out u-boot , http://www.denx.de/wiki/u-boot . the initial bootloader stage needed to start u-boot need to be aware of the boot-protocol in the hardware requiring some documentation or reverse engineering in order to create or download a suitable one . to sum things up reprogramming of existing phones is often more work than its worth unless you are really interested in which case there are a lot of forums dedicated to that sort of thing .
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
sync should take care of contacts and most settings on your phone . download sms backup and restore on both phones , backup on nexus s and send the backup xml file to n4 ( via bluetooth or wifi hotspot ) for restoration . for transferring files between the devices , you can use the wifi hotspot functionality . works real fast . i am not sure if it is available on nexus 4 ( being a newer , better phone , i presume it is ) , but i have it on my nexus s and have used it to transfer files from a galaxy s2 . update : anysend seems like a useful app to send files between two devices . the only requirement is that both have to be connected to the same wifi network .
go to your phone dialer and enter these codes ( they work in my samsung galaxy nexus , jelly bean 4.2.1 ) : ' testing ' menu : *#*#4636#*#* ( the same as *#*#INFO#*#* ) imei number : *#06# additionaly check out the page secret codes for android , full of codes ( some of them did not work in my phone ) and screenshots note : please be extremely careful with the options , because they are not intended to be messing with them .
as the how has already been explained , you might want to have the what as well : there are several lists on the internet ( just google for " secret codes" ) with many of those codes . not all of them work on all phones ( some are device or manufacturer specific ) , but many are common to all android devices ( and some times even to all smartphones ) . i will not list all of them here , but a few more important to be known include . . . use at your own risk -- some options might prove dangerous ( e . g . the factory format ) -- especially if you do not know what they are supposed to mean , think twice or better avoid the option .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
there is an application you can download for rooted devices called adaway . it is not in the market , but if you do not have a problem with installing third party apks , this is a complete advertisement blocker for both in-app and browser . https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.adaway
you can use popup blocker " ad block " in chrome or " abp- adblock plus " for firefox .
some browsers , like google 's chrome , have built in pop up blockers . now , if you surf around and you get a auto pop up like this , a message will show on the bottom of the screen asking if you would like to display it . this would greatly reduce the mobogenie you are seeing . also , chrome is a pretty sweet browser with many other features . if you do not like it , firefox and dolphin have--to my knowledge--built in pop up blockers .
tried this answer , but it did not solve the problem . so i called google play support - they did have me clear data from the play store app , but also told me to remove my google account from the accounts section in settings and add it back . then they got me to clear the data again from ' download manager ' and ' google play store ' in the apps section and everything worked perfectly after that .
in my case , what turned out to work in the end was to make an actual purchase . in google wallet , i had updated all my information , as well as added a new card with my new address attached to it and set it as default . this in itself however did not seem to be enough . later though , i read an article recommending us to actually purchase an app through google play using the new card - you will need to wait for 15 minutes to complete the payment since that is the time you are allowed to require a complete refund . finally , i closed the play store and completely reset the google play store application ( i.e. . go to settings > apps > google play store , and click on force close , then clear data , and clear cache ) . after that i could access things in play that were only available to my new credit card 's country , which previously i could not see due to regional restrictions . hope it helps you guys !
i was having problems switching to the us store from outside the us , even clearing caches etc . i downloaded hotspot shield and enabled it , removed the sim card from the phone , removed the app data for the play store and download manager and it worked !
i have contacted google and this is their response : thanks for contacting us about country support for google play . we use the billing address of your default payment instrument in google wallet to help determine your home country for accessing the play store . our collection of content can vary by country , so your view of the play store may differ from what others are seeing when you travel outside of the country listed on your default payment method 's billing address . please note that you must have a valid payment method with a billing address located inside a country in order to access that country 's play store . if you are having issues viewing your intended country 's play store and would like to change your default payment method or update an existing billing address in google wallet , please use the following steps : 1 ) sign into your google wallet account to manage your payment methods https://wallet.google.com/manage/paymentmethods 2 ) add a new card or change your default payment instrument to one with a billing address located inside your desired country 3 ) open the play store and navigate to any item available for download 4 ) click to begin a download until you reach the " accept and buy " screen ( no need to complete the purchase ) 5 ) close the play store and clear data for the google play store application ( settings > apps > google play store > clear data ) or clear your browser cache 6 ) re-open the play store . you should now see the play store that matches your default payment instrument 's billing country . if you have not yet added a payment method to your account for the first time , please add a card directly from the play store with a billing address that matches your intended country location . then , follow steps 3 through 6 to show your intended country 's play store . if you believe that you are experiencing a different location-related issue , please first verify if the country of your primary payment method matches your intended country . if the countries match , please provide any screenshots and additional details that might help me resolve your issue . we appreciate your feedback as we continue bringing more content to google play . thank you for reaching out !
it should work if you change it from your google account , which for whatever reason is not the same as a g+ account . if you have gmail , i found the setting under settings > accounts and import > other google account settings right now the page looks a little small but hopefully that is just my browser playing tricks on me again
moved from the uk to australia and required the banking apps . i had the same problem and tried various things . what worked for me on a samsung galaxy s3: log into gmail on your pc and change the billing address to the new address ( in my case australian address ) . on the phone , go to settings , scroll down to accounts and select google . select the account which the phone has been synced with and select remove account at the bottom . once account has been removed go back to settings main screen , select apps , select google play store , tap force stop , confirm , then tap clear data and tap clear cache . go back to settings and select accounts . add account by selecting google . once google account has been added and setup on the phone go back to the main screen and open up playstore . play store is now displaying all paid apps in $$$ not in £££ and i am able to download the app successfully .
not really . android treats the ram like a big cache of apps that have run recently . it does not remove things from ram just to make free space , because free ram does not provide any benefit : it just makes it more likely that android would have to use more power loading the same app from storage again next time you want it . android only removes processes from ram when the foreground app needs more ram . when you think of it this way , you will see that nothing usefully reduces your ram usage , because android will keep all the ram full anyway . disabling applications has two uses : it removes the app from the app drawer , so you do not have to see it ( and maybe click it by accident ) . it stops the app running down the battery by running in the background , maybe stopping the device going to sleep .
while basically agreeing with dan , it depends on the app you disable . some of the pre-installed bloatware runs services in the background , which are quite unlikely to be killed by the oom ( out of memory ) " manager " . so disabling such an app , other apps can benefit from it : memory no longer consumed by the disabled app is available to other processes , and their likelyness to be killed due to " memory shortness " is reduced . whether you really feel a difference is depending on how much ram your device is equipped with : on devices with a small amount of memory it " counts more " , with 2 gb and more ram to command you might not notice ( except for the battery effect dan already described ) .
there is no such feature on android natively . however , there are quite a few " automation " type apps that can do this for you . some of the better known ones are tasker , automateit , locale and llama . all of these allow you to define a trigger ( e . g . " charger plugged in " in your case ) and set up various actions such as toggling settings . keep in mind that most of these apps require excessive permissions in order to be able to change system settings ( and some toggles even require root . ) also , some manufacturer ui overlays and custom roms allow you to set up profiles with different settings . switching these profiles is either a manual process , or does not provide such granularity in configuration as the automation apps .
the google drive app by default opens spreadsheets in list view - a sort of data-entry only mode in which you can edit data but not equations . you can select spreadsheet view - this used to be in a link at the bottom of the spreadsheet which involved zooming right out , now it seems to be at the top toward the left ( this may vary by app/android version ) . you may need to force it to continue to the desktop view - it will warn you that you may not have access to all features . once in spreadsheet mode ( which is a little ropey ) you should be able to edit any columns .
the new version of gdrive fixes this problem , however the offline-compatibility is worse .
i have fiddled around and found that altering the decode mode from hw to sw or system player in bsplayer fixes the issue ! this also works for mxplayer too . this results in the correct video ratio although it is not full width on a 1080p tv ( just like my desktop ) it is at least not stretched . i still do not get why google play movies can play its native videos full width on my tv .
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
bettercut will let you create shortcuts with custom icons/text .
launcherpro is a great home switcher app , personally is the best . between the different dozens of useful features it provides also the possibility to change the text of all home icons that are shortcuts to applications , to bookmarks , etc .
ok just found it . in wifi settings press and hold the connected network you want to set ip to . pick modify network and in there you scroll down , to dhcp settings and pick static and scroll down to et your ip . kinda complicated comparing to non sense android . o well . hope that helps op or any other fellow searcher .
you probably do not have htc sense ( you are using other rom ) . hence you do not have those settings . i use hox with sense as well as op myself , and i do not see any options there to set a static ip . htc seems to have disregarded those settings . ( ics 4.0.4 )
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
try calibrating ( completely discharge battery ) , by playing games or watching videos . once battery dries try switching your nexus on untill your device refuses to do so . the charge it from a wall charger . see if it works . i have a motorola mb855 , i generally claibrate 5-10 times in a month . that keeps its backup and life healthy .
i am using a 7" galaxy tab ( shw-180s ) and this same thing happened with me a few days ago . this is how i solved it : remove the battery from the device charge your battery from another electric source ( i do not remember the device name but most mobile repair shops have them ) you can also try a hard reset . changing your charger may also help if it is not providing enough power to charge nexus 7 .
i had the same problem , it was unbearable . i tried many other things but no solution . finally , i downloaded and installed " cloud magic " email app and it works very fine .
not sure if this will work on the s4 , but it seemed to do the trick with my wife 's s2 , and my s3: change ' recent messages ' ( email account settings ) from 25 ( the default ) to ' total ' .
i had the same issue . galaxy note client and webmail client showed they were read but s4 said i had 500+ unread . i went into my webmail client and selected all and forced it to mark all as read . a couple of seconds later all the messages on my phone showed as read and number went to zero .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
bryan 's answer is correct . however , if you do not want to wait for the os to kill something , you should use a task manager ( different from an always-running task killer ) . one is built in to the 2.2 rom on my galaxy s , and you can get to it by long-pressing the home button . i have used this for frozen apps and for when the os has not quite realized it needs to kill something so the in-focus app does not lag . additionally , you can set how aggressive your os is in killing idle apps . i do this on my phone using ryanza 's one click lag fix ( the lagfix is just for the galaxy s , but i am not sure if the app-killing settings can be used on other devices ) .
i would recommend advanced task killer , which does a great job of showing you which of your apps are currently running and giving you a one-button solution to stopping any that you want .
when i downloaded the app called cpu-z , it said that my lg motion has a 1.51 ghz msm8960 snapdragon s4 dual core . it also said that the cpu is called krait and comes with an adreno 225 gpu . so , i believe that metro pcs got their specs wrong about the lg motion , cpu-wise .
i just got a new lg motion from metropcs , and before updating the system or anything , i used the app cpuspy and it told me the cpu is 1.5ghz .
to backup/restore both sms and mms for android , i use a paid pc tool called backuptrans android sms + mms transfer . you need to connect your android to computer via usb or wifi then the software will save your sms and mms messages with attachment files on computer . restoring mms messages from computer to android is also simple .
none of the programs you mention will restore mms messages . perhaps those are the messages that are missing ?
configuring sms backup schedule in sms backup and restore : open sms backup and restore and click the menu button in the upper right corner : select preferences : from the preferences menu , select schedule settings : configure schedule settings however you want :
i only wanted to find a tool that could transfer my 3100+ sms messages . so two weeks ago , i downloaded ast android sms transfer to transfer sms from old phone to the new galaxy s3 , and it works well . but it is not a free program . i also use it to backup text messages to my pc in a .csv file , it is so convenient to check my messages .
are you talking about download mode ? afaik you have to press and hold menu key while connecting your phone to your computer via usb . volume keys are used to boot in recovery mode . i have not tried it on the phone you mentioned though .
if your computer did not recognize your phone while in recoverymod , may be because you did not enabled usb debugging in phone settings ( settings--> applications--> development ) enable it and try again .
i have got a reply from es file explorer team , they said that the " share by lan " feature in the " share via " is not for sending files to the pc , it is for sending files to other devices which has es file explorer running on them , on the same network . i have requested a new feature that allows you to send to the pc through share via , but if they decide to build it , it may take a while still before it is out .
i do not know if this was added in a recent release of es file explorer , but you can share to computer with : Share via -&gt; ES Save to... -&gt; Click on the header (under "Choose path")  your lan shares should appear there .
the check digit of the imei is invalid , and usually the imei cannot be changed , or in come countries it can even be illegal . for more information , see how the imei is formed and the check digit is calculated here , or see a related question here . there are ways to recover an imei on android devices , but for this you had need a backup of some files from when the imei was not invalid .
no , nothing will be deleted if you chose to " unmount " first . as your device was not detected , it should not even be mounted , so there is nothing that could " break " . a short explanation on that " mysterious unmount " , though : if your device is " mounted " ( i.e. . you can access its files from your computer ) , for faster reaction and other performance reasons all data transfered is " buffered " ( instead of being written to the storage immediately ) . so " unmounting " tells the system to " flush " those buffers , and thus " commit " ( write ) all buffered data to the storage . if you would simply " plug the line " without unmounting first , not-yet-written data were lost . imagine what that would mean if some larger file was only written partly ( it gets corrupted ) , or if you moved files to the phone which where not yet written at all ( they are " lost in space" ) . so it is always a good safety measure to " unmount " first before plugging out the cable .
i would check Settings --> Applications --> Running Services first . see anything there that looks rogue ? consuming a lot of memory or the process seems hung up ?
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
you might want to take a look at cloudii . i do not use the cloud myself , but if this app keeps it promises , it . . . is the best app to manage all your cloud services within a single app . cloudii brings full service integration as well as a powerfull synchronization tool . it even integrates multiple cloud services ( currently : google drive , dropbox , skydrive and box -- more to come ) . according to its description , it lets you both navigate your cloud-stored files and keeping them in sync ( the screenshots support this idea ) . note , however , that the free app is a 14d trial only , which afterwards requires an in-app purchase . i do not know the price , but as one comment put it : i will be glad to buy the developer " coffee " !
a cheaper option is soundwire " free version - market link " the free version will speak every 45 mins ( just a nag ) the paid version is under usd 4 , link to it inside the same market link . logically try the free version first . sadly its pc only , not sure why as as far as i can see its a lite vnc app , sending only the audio and not keystrokes or anything else . honestly i find it extremely surprising that no one has made a bluetooth headset , or similar profile for a phone . it would be very useful also for htpcs as a kind of cheap ( but very good quality ) wireless headphones .
one way to do this is to use airfoil speakers for android , which is free , but requires a server component ( airfoil ) to be installed on your pc . the free version plays audio fine for 10 minutes and then overlays noise . the license key is $25 .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
if all else fails . so if you can not install apps from the google store . then you can sideload them with adb . the apk can be found in backup folders from apps like ' titanium backup ' so you can have your friend install it and back it up . then copy the apk . i had a cricket phone that i did not buy service for . . . and they disabled the app " google voice " this sideload method worked to bypass that .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
i have been able to add and edit words on my samsung galaxy s2 running jellybean 4.1.2 by using a free app called quickshortcutmaker . the app allows me to create a home screen shortcut to the user dictionary . a detailed tutorial can be found here : how to add and edit words in the user dictionary on jelly bean 4.1.2
in my previous experience , i have always had problems downloading with chrome . i would try a different browser like boat browser or dolphin browser .
this some sometimes happens to me in chrome . what seems to work better is , instead of tapping on the link to the pdf , long-press on the link and choose save link .
i have a droid x and this is very frustrating too . i use a short locking period for security but if the phone is in my hand during a call , i do not need it lock automatically . it should understand that a call is activity on the phone . right now , when i try to enter additional digits for menu navigation it is locked . seems like poor programming .
maybe screebl can help - it enables/disables your phone 's power saving features depending on the orientation ( how the phone is held in your hand in relation to the ground ) . originally designed to keep the screen awake during a call , the pro version also includes tasker / locale integration .
you need to change the account in google maps . open the maps menu . select More &gt; Settings &gt; Switch Account . source .
ext4 should be supported if you have an upgrade to 2.3 or 3.0 android ( i see that your post is from just before the 2.3 and 3.0 releases . . . ) . . . . and when btrfs is added to android , it has a nice mount-option " , ssd " with wear-levelling etc that ext4 does not have . . . and more speed than ext4 now , esp if you use " , compress=lzo " or " , space_cache " in fstab ( but do not use compression with the space_cache option , only use 1 or the other or else it slows to a crawl in some benchmarks ) -- and that speed comes despite btrfs checksumming of all data ( not only of the journals , as ext4 does ) . :- )
it appears that the answer is " no " : ( . i was asking because i have a new card to go in the phone , so i thought i would just try it -- it did not work . when i ask the phone to mount its card , it goes straight to saying " sd card safe to remove . " oh well .
i actually had my sdcard on ext4 and got it mounted permanent at boot time ( i have root on my phone ) . the biggest problem was that the apps don’t expect permission checking on /sdcard , but extx enforces this ( no mount option around this ) . so if one app stores e.g. some audio there and calls another subcomponent to play it , it fails . the same is true for photos ( camera shots them , some previewer might want to access them ) . you can manually fix this , but you have to run after every new file created . . . there would be an nice real solution to this , but it requires system modification : let the apps run with umask ( 002 ) instead of 022 . android is upg ( user private groups ) , so there is no big harm in doing so . – now the apps could choose if they want to expose files to others by setting the group to “sdcard“ , or not . this would also add to an enforced separation where the apps want it .
well out of my own curiosity , i made this to start : https://github.com/dieseltravis/androidbuildinfo here it is running on my moto flipside :
i also wrote an app in response to this question . it is free in the market . let me know what you think . if you want more information , please let me know and i will add what i can . it is called " android information text " .
i have encountered random off problem a couple of times and it seemed to be always related to the connection with a bluetooth equipment . for the random on problem i would recommend shutting down the sound and keeping the device on every time . the random music activation should have been corrected with the latest firmware update . in my case , the firmware version 2.1-update1 corrected the random music activation . i would recommend that you make sure all your firmware updates have been done . these are not the best solutions but that is all i have been able to find . let 's hope the next update to android 2.2 will correct all these issues once and for all .
sounds like motorola has screwed up royally . i recommend a custom rom from xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=670
i recommend everyone cyanogenmod 6: http://www.cyanogenmod.com/ http://android.doshaska.net/cm6 the latest version cm 6.1.2 is based on android 2.2.1 with 2.6.32.9 kernel . i had a lot of problems at offical firmware ( android 2.1 ) : random reboot , spontaneous music playing , gtalk is not worked , bugs with media scanner which cause 100% cpu usage all time . i did not found any bugs at cm 6 . even more my motorola became much faster and less use battery .
poweramp is an open source app , which may serve as a good starting point for developing your own app . the code can be found here .
headset button controller is an excellent app in market which will do all these functions . . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.kober.headsetbuttonfeature=more_from_developer
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
wifi is designed to be fast and consume little power . this is especially true if you have a fairly recent phone . the drawback of this is distance or range . you trade the power savings for distance when you use a cellular connection . therefore , a cellular connection does take up quite some power . this can be easily verified by turning on airplane mode and then turning on wifi . take note of how long the battery lasts . in other words , a poor 3g connection will absolutely destroy your battery life . i would not worry so much about keeping wifi on all the time and letting it do its thing in the background since it sips very little power on standby . so to answer your question , disable 3g when you are in an area with poor connection . keep wifi on all the time .
you will definitely have better batty life when you are not using wifi if you turn it off . i do not believe turning off 3g when you are on wifi will save much battery life , because android is already automatically routing all communications over wifi .
did you install the correct usb drivers for the samsung galaxy s3 ? if not , download and install samsung kies . you also need to make sure usb tethering is disabled : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; More &gt; Tethering &amp; portable hotspot . then , check usb settings : Settings &gt; Device &gt; Storage &gt; Menu &gt; USB computer connection . source .
few samsung phones have issues with their micro usb ports . even my galaxy nexus has had this problem . the easiest way to fix it it use a pin ( something shard ) and push the micro usb port of the phone slowly and very carefully to the screen . i suggest you to take it to a authorized service center though .
we people have issues like that too . i am not so sure about samsung s3 , but i am sure about android , i had an android phone , whose drivers were perfect ! i have checked for drivers by the cd that came . the issue is either not because of the cable , because if it charges well then it must connect to pc too , then where is the issue ? here are the two major reasons : please check that your usb supports fast data transfer ( usb 2.0 ) , because android would try to connect to a faster one . please note that there is alot of issues with android itself too . like many other apps running . when you connect to the usb , you get a popup that connecting usb storage would stop many other apps bla bla . so that is a reason too as android does not want to stop some personal apps from working . for this , you can restart the phone . this way this issue would be resolved , i have checked this one more than 5 times . and usb tethering is just related to internet , you will not get to use internet on your connected pc , if you are having the tethering settings turned off . so that has nothing to do with the usb storage ! tip : when android gets the favourable conditions it would itself show the connect dialog , otherwise you might need to change the port of usb you are connection too . ory try the might restart-the-phone trick . this way , you will get the images there ! there is no other issue , i have been facing this issue for a long time . then i caught the errors , the basic one is the usb port , then the android apps ; for that you can restart the phone . usb drivers are installed by default while you are connecting the device by general . in windows os ( that is the only one i use ) you would see the popup saying installing device drivers , if that goes perfectly , then you can connect the device . otherwise the only is this ! or there is a bug in the rom ( if you installed a custom rom ) .
samsung has very bad connections on that line of phones ( s3 , n2 ) i know this because i have a galaxy note 2 and about 6 months ago it was doing the same thing , then eventually it stopped charging all together . i also have a friend with s3 and the exact same thing had happened , except it would not charge ( luckily his was still in warranty ) . you need to check if it is being detected in another pc , if not , the connection is broken . if you really really need to be able to plug it into a pc , you will have to buy a replacement charger dock port . or you can use airdroid to wirelessly transfer files to an from your pc over a wireless network .
my problem was solved when i restarted my phone . after that , it automatically detected my phone from my laptop
maybe you have connected the device as ptp but not mtp . follow these steps to connect through mtp- first connect the usb cable to your laptop then scroll the notification bar down and you will have usb icon box , click on that and change your connection to mtp ( media transfer protocol ) to transfer files in windows . now that you have the proper settings you can connect to the laptop . as soon as you connect your laptop the windows operating system will try to identify the hardware ( mobile device ) connected and install its drivers which would be already present in the operating system thus making it a plug n play operating system . else if you still are unable to change the setting then visit this link it has a complete description along with pictures else if not available then you need to update your drivers either through the windows update > usb drivers for samsung or manually download the drivers from the samsung site .
a battery such as this extended battery from mugen power can be used on the galaxy s without adding thickness and will usually give you around 30% better battery life . always be careful when using non-oem batteries in your phone , there are a lot of cheap ones out there , but a no-name brand battery might leak or short out . read the reviews and remember , you get what you pay for .
android has a chain of signature verification that ( by default ) protects your device from being hacked or having an unofficial image installed . recovery images , updates , and os images all have to be signed . the bootloader verifies that the recovery is signed by the manufacturer 's key , and the recovery in turn verifies that the os image ( and any updates you try to install ) are signed by the same key . that is why you need cwm or twrp to flash an update that roots the device . you do not need to root to install cwm or twrp , but you do need to unlock the bootloader . this wipes all user data on the device . it is a security mechanism , to protect your data : if someone steals the device while it is locked , and wants to flash a different os to bypass the lock and steal your data , they first have to unlock the bootloader . so , there is no loop at all . unlock your bootloader and flash a recovery using fastboot , then use that recovery to install the " update " . the exact details of how vary from device to device , so find yours on our rooting index .
i have seen such an issue before , but it was a samsung device . i do not have a cookbook solution for you , just some points to check : is the powerbutton still working ? did you have issues with buttons before ? on the samsung we had to create a special plug from a cable and a 3k resistor . this brings the samsung phones directly to download-mode where you can flash and or reboot . is your battery still ok ? can you replace it ( quickly exchange with a friend ) or is this not possible with your phone type ? is your charger ok ? and the cable ? try another one and leave it on for a while , a dead battery needs a bit of time and very slow charge , before it can go back to normal charging . good luck
the look and feel of cm7 is superior compared to most stock rom 's . so if your reason for not switching from the stock rom is the look n feel , you wont be disappointed with cm7 . get cm7 for your phone from cm . get , install it . once done go to setting --> cyanogenmod settings --> performance --> cpu settings --> change min frequency that is it , but be careful you can screw up your system , there are available governors , i suggest you use them .
if you are using donut you are using an older kernel , or perhaps the presets for your phone from autodetect do not include the desrired frequencies . from setcpu 's manual : in rare situations and in older kernels , and when setcpu cannot get root access , setcpu may not be able to autodetect the full range of speeds supported by the kernel . if this is the case , you can configure setcpu to use custom frequencies . to get started , you will need the list of frequencies your kernel can support in khz ( not mhz ! ) . create a plain text file called “setcpu . txt” and place it on the root directory of your sd card or on your sd card 's ext partition ( /sdcard/ or /system/sd/ ) . the text files should sort the frequencies on one line by comma , from lowest to highest . for example , the following is a valid config file : 125000,250000,500000,550000,600000 to store the custom frequency list on your phone , save it as “setcpu” with no extension and put it in /data/ . setcpu reads from the sd card first and uses that text file if present , then tries to read from /data/ . to configure setcpu to read your custom frequencies , go back to the device selection screen ( in the main tab , press menu > device selection ) , choose “show other frequencies” if necessary , and choose the custom config option at the very bottom . if you do not want to do that , you can also manually choose a different model of phone that offers the frequencies you are looking to use instead of using auto detect .
it is my understanding that some roms allow for overclocking , whereas others dont . it depends on how the kernel is setup . i couldnt overclock my samsung galaxy s2 for example on the stock rom with it rooted . i could however once i installed cyanogen . perhaps that is the case .
currently there is no way to do this on an htc phone . the people app from htc will automatically display names as first and last . however if you connect the phone to exchange , as i have mine , then all exchange contacts show up as last and first , including in mail and in people . so as of right now i would say if you can get his phone on exchange , only display contacts from exchange , and tell him to put them all in exchange , then it should be a workaround to the issue .
using the following diagram from developer . android . com you can see where it falls in the specs : it is 3 inches diagonally - it falls in the " small " category . it is 133ppi - which is definitely ldpi .
as a worst case solution , you could try factory resetting your phone . you might also attempt to connect your phone to a pc and enable usb transfer , then eject your phone to see if this clears the issue .
when you say you turned your phone off and on , did you actually shut it down ( hold down power button to get the menu ) , or just press the power button to turn the screen off ? i would expect a shutdown and restart to clear this problem .
i solved this by plugging in my phone to a computer and choosing charge only . it was using cpu and draining my battery until i fixed it .
please keep in mind these are developer options , and may be of no use , or have a negative impact on the performance of your device . force gpu rendering the gpu is the graphics processing unit . it is very much like the cpu , but instead of crunching numbers and taking care of tasks for the operating system and hardware , the gpu renders graphical information and puts it on the screen for you . the cpu can process graphical instructions just fine , but doing so takes time away from doing other computations , and can lead to lag while graphical instructions are processed in ice cream sandwich onwards , developers ( or power users ) are given the option to force apps to use gpu rendering , whether that bit is on or off in the app 's manifest . this does not necessarily make the app faster , and may cause issues . disable non-rectangular clip ops this is too technical for me to explain in great detail . basically a " canvas " is used for drawing . the source code for android contains this : you could turn it off to create unusual ( non rectangular ) canvas areas . see here for more details on this force 4x msaa force 4x msaa does not require a rooted device . this option does the same as any anti aliasing filter in pc games - smooths out all the pixelization and provides better rendering , which means better looking graphics . users should know that this function is only recommended for devices that have gpu capable of native msaa support . as @danhulme put it : windows in android are always composited rather than rendered into shared video memory . normally , SurfaceFlinger uses the gpu for composition , but it will use a hardware overlay when that is possible , which is faster and uses less battery . disabling overlays means it will always use gpu rendering . it is only useful for debugging system integration or hw video decode : even app developers do not need to turn on this option from wikipedia in signal processing and related disciplines , aliasing is an effect that causes different signals to become indistinguishable ( or aliases of one another ) when sampled . it also refers to the distortion or artifact that results when the signal reconstructed from samples is different from the original continuous signal . disable hw overlays without a hardware overlay every application that is displaying things on the screen will share video memory and will have to constantly check for collision and clipping to render a proper image , this can cost a lot of processing power . with a hardware overlay each application gets its own portion of video memory , getting rid of the need to check for collision and clipping .
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
i had the same problem and i found a solution . first , problem description : i have connected the s2 to a pc and turned on the mass storage mode . after copying the files i have selected on the phone to disconnect from pc ( without unplugging the device in windows - which may cause this problem ) . after that i found out that both memories ( sd card and 16gb usb memory ) are damaged . solution : i have connected the phone to a pc , choose to turn on the mass storage mode . windows found the drives but they are empty ( unmounted ) . i selected on the phone disconnect from pc and this time i have unplugged the cards from windows . after this my phone found the memories and start working again . i think it is a system glitch which hangs the card somewhere between mass storage mode and direct access to them .
in s4 , go to Settings &gt; My device &gt; Accessibility &gt; Hearing . you will find the mono audio option there . edit : you can download boeffla sound control from play store . this app is able to convert stereo sound to mono . for this you must first install busybox which is also available on play store . your devices needs to be rooted . hope this solves your issue .
google apps ( gapps ) is the only way to sync with google . whatcustom rom have you downloaded , and which device do you own ? try to find gapps installation somewhere else .
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
to update the path variable inside a running adb shell you can use the expect command . this works on a non-rooted phone where you can not edit system files as suggested in the other answers . put the following script somewhere on the path of your development machine , for example in ~/bin/adb-shell-busybox: you can also inject any other setup commands that you might need .
by default stock android mksh uses this config file : /system/etc/mkshrc
additionally to what @alex-p wrote , you can set the ENV environment variable to override the path of the mkshrc file used . all login shells also read /system/etc/profile and $HOME/.profile ( these are a good place to export ENV ) . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
there is currently no way to run windows phone 7 apps on android devices .
windows uses win32api binaries , along with a optional virtual machine called .netclr for .netbinaries , that encompasses c# , vb .net, managed c++ . whereas , android apps , are written in java that targets dalvikvm . the nearest is monodroid , which enables apps written in .netlanguages and sort of transliterates the compiled bytecode suitable for dalvikvm . . . i say transliterate . . its not exactly 100% on the ball either and its expensive as well ! the added bonus with it , its cross-compilable for ios too : ) if price range is outside of budget , there was a question posted on stackoverflow looking for alternatives . maybe that is worth a look into .
you must go in settings -> developer options and there must be an option called " root access " . set it to ADB + Apps .
check out the free version of ' groove ip lite ' in the play store . the free version utilizes google voice over wifi only , but that is all you are asking for so you should be golden .
according to gsmarena , the xiaomi mi-two supports the following frequencies : 2g network : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network : hsdpa 850 / 1900 / 2100 you can check what frequencies your country uses here . it should work in most if not all eu countries though . also , it supports chinese and english officially but there is unofficial support for other languages , located here .
it is not a software issue , it is a hardware issue . most of the times , they are referred as pink spots or purple tint/haze it happens because apparently the component called zoe puts a lot of strain on the camera module , which causes it to heat , and it could even lead to burning down your motherboard ( in extreme cases ) . reference : http://forums.androidcentral.com/htc-one/351874-htc-one-heres-skinny-infamous-purple-tint-thermal-defect.html better call htc for a replacement/fix before your warranty runs out .
there is a much easier way , but it may not be supported in all countries : buy them each a google play gift card , and attach it to their accounts . they come in different " sizes " , so you can limit the amount they can pay . no identification stuff connected to the cards , and once they are used up there is no more use for them ( of course , you can buy the next one ) . another positive aspect : you might decide to let your kids use them themselves . the danger is just as high as the value of the card ( though content might pose a risk ) . so it is like " pocket money " for learning " monetary responsibility " : )
you can buy them on play . google . com and send them to the device . add their devices to your account , and send the apps after purchase
in playstore , the user is prompted for the password ( unless you disabled it ) every time before a purchase can be made . so what you can do is , make a google account just for playstore apps that is logged in across all your and your kids google devices . have every device logged in to that account on top of whatever other accounts your kids personally use on the given device . that way you can buy whatever apps you want , but they can not since , even tho their device is logged in and has access to all the apps you purchased thru your google apps account , they can not purchase new ones without your password . they can not see the details of your cc since google will prompt for the password every time the user attempts to access account information .
you get two choices when you accept to buy an app on the device you want to install app on . pay or send url for payment to whoever . so send url to yourself or whoever is going to pay via email which will auto pop up when you select . . . send url . . . . . i send to my gmail account then click link on pc or phone and follow instructions to pay . easy
you could probably download a custom rom from xda and find and extract the sound files from /system/media/audio/  you should be able to put them into the relevant folder on the ' sdcard ' /sdcard/alarms/ /sdcard/Notifications/ /sdcard/Ringtones/  where they will get picked up by the os . as for the notification icons , without rooting and customising the relevant files ( i am not sure exactly which ) there is no way to change them from white to blue .
widgetlocker will allow you to adjust the lock screen sounds , the only downside is you can not use it with a pin . the status bar was a change to make android look better , you can not change that without changing roms or using xposed framework . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.widgetlocker
connect a self powered usb hub and try again . usb-otg ports often provide little power that is suitable for one device only , but may already fail for power hungry devices like very fast usb thumb drives , wifi dongles or 2.5in usb hard disk enclosures . your setup very probably draws too much . you can use any 3rd party usb power bank if you need it on-the-go . your hub may have a power input connector already . finding the right cable might be an issue though . here 's some related info , someone asked this for the sgs i9000 which does not provide power at all : usb host mode not working on samsung galaxy s using cyanogenmod
afaik it is not currently possible . . . check tis forum : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/njde0koxkui
a similar question was posted entitled " software to control mobile phone via bluetooth " over at superuser . com on 11th december 2012 to which i responded : http://superuser.com/questions/517884/software-to-control-mobile-phone-via-bluetooth/517888#517888 my response was this : a program called remote professional from mobileways . de claims to be able to make calls from your pc-mobile . there is a brief article about it entitled remotely control your phone from computer from technize . com a youtube video and link to download the program is also included : http://www.technize.com/remotely-control-your-phone-from-computer/ however this method used a pc rather than an apple mac . it may well be possible that mobileways . de offer a similar program for macs . so in theory what you have asked is perfectly plausible , if they have not developed a program for apple macs , they may do in the near future .
gosms pro has a " notification bar privacy mode " option , which ' shows " new message " instead of the message 's content ' . i personally use sliding sms ( which is a standalone app created for and taken from cyanogenmod 10 ) . it has an option to enable " privacy mode " , which hides the sender and message from the status bar notification . 8sms ( which is also from cm10 m2 ) also has this option .
third party sms app like handcent sms , 8sms and go sms etc have option to hide the notification message from the status bar . just go to these sms app . in settings you will find option to hide the message content in notification bar .
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
is it possible that you are swiping sideways ? the contacts app is on the left of the lockscreen , the phone app on the right , and to unlock you must swipe up
there is an easy way to hide root/superuser temporarily . just rename the superuser app/apps to some other name in /system/app . the disadvantage is that this will disable root for all apps .
yes you can . actually , wiping an ( unrooted ) android device is relatively easy . just go into Settings and look for Backup &amp; reset option . at the very bottom of the options you will see Factory data reset , hit it and you will see some confirmation dialog , go through that and your " new " galaxy nexus will be ready in a couple of minutes ; ) this method will compeletly erase anything stored on the phone 's internal storage , including all google-related data . note that it is a good practice to also erase the sdcard partition alongside the process . some android application uses the sdcard partition to store user data which might be restored even after you wiped the device . good luck ! : )
so you want something like this : appchooser ( source : google play ; click for larger variant ) freely configurable , including the possibility to . . . switch between list and grid hide apps you never use , but still having them available quickly with a single tap sort alphabetically or by last-used then take a look at appchooser pro , available for a single buck . there is also a free version on play if you want to test it first . i went immediately for the payed version a couple of months ago , and never regretted the decision . still you might wish to pick the free version first , as i did not test it on 4.4 ( i am still on 4.0 on my phone ) .
with the backing of dotvezz , summing up from the comments : considering the specifications , this is quite unlikely : range of the nfc signal is limited to a max of 10 cm on " clear view " ( see wikipedia ) material with a greater density will reduce this even more : air ~ 0.001 g/cm 3 versus lithium ~ 0.53 g/cm 3 makes rawly a 500-times-density difference , so a factor of 10 ( as i mentioned in my comment ) probably is a huge under-estimation even calculating with a factor of ~10 , this would reduce the range to below 1 cm . and you will rather have to more than double that factor . with few devices being thinner than . 8 mm , your wish is close to impossible of being fulfilled .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
one question : is your bootloader unlocked ? if not that is why revolutionary failed . if your bootloader is locked , you need to use the htc 's unlock bootloader found here , then re-try using the revolutionary root . the clue was in the message which with a bit of google-fu yielded this thread on xda , post #214 and post #215 ( you will have to go back to page 22 on that said thread ) . i am not responsible for any outcome by my posting this answer . read and re-read and make sure you are ready to go ahead and do so .
what you are attempting to do is not rooting , it is called s-off . s-off is a level below root . root is like being the administrator on a windows machine , whereas s-off is like having permission to modify values in the bios . it is complete control . s-off might not be what you need for what you want to do if all you want to do is root your stock rom .
are you able to get into the recovery boot menu ? ( on my phone , it is accessed by holding down the vol down button when turning on the phone ) . if so , there may be something that can help you . i have had this happen to me , and what i had to do was to try re-installing the rom from the zip file , using the process described here ( scroll down to flashing cyanogenmod - method via recovery ) . on that page , it also states " as of right now cyanogenmod is not officially available for the htc thunderbolt " . i did a bit of digging , and found that the only available cyanogenmod roms for the thunderbolt are unofficial . at this juncture , i would suggest flashing a different rom , or an earlier version of cyanogenmod , if you still have the zip file you used before the update .
as usual , a factory reset is a possible last-ressort to sort things out and see whether the problem is software-related . and even if the problem remains , this way you do not need to worry about your data in alien hands : ) as a factory reset wipes all data ( and 3rd party apps ) from your device , you of course want to backup as much as possible , to be able to restore it later . without root , this get 's a little complicated -- but not impossible , if you are running android 4 . x . since starting with ics ( 4.0 ) , adb supports a full backup of non-rooted devices . which brings us to a seemingly chicken-and-egg problem : you cannot establish an usb connection , which is the most common pre-condition for an adb connection . but fear not , there is a solution for that as well : you can connect android with adb via wifi as well , and there is even a little app called wifi adb to help you with that 1 : wifi adb makes it easy to debug/test your android apps directly on device via wifi tcp/ip connection . no need to use usb cable . trouble again is this requires root . having a rooted device , you could of course also use titanium backup to backup your apps and data 2 .
in case you have not figured it out yet , ( or for future reference ) : from the clock app , tap on the alarm in question . you will be brought to the original settings you saw when you first set it . tap on more at the bottom .
i am not sure , but since you updated to jb , it may have other stock alarm app , so it would not be some bug . although you can download an app for this , like xtreme alarm which is free . or you can search on xda forums the stock alarm apk for ics . i have found this topic , which lists a lot of stock apps for downloading .
after you tap " more " you can scroll down to change more than just the volume . i did not think there was anything else , either , at first .
if just for your phone - you can simply put files manually via root explorer , reset permissions and reboot .
place you apks in system/app/ framework-res . apk goes into system/framework/ remove those apks which yours ' are replacing . now you can use the kitchen to cook your rom and then flash away : ) make sure that the apks do not have spaces in their filename . they should be flashed without issues .
there are some ebook reader apps with can enable you to share book passages . and you can use google translate to share them . . . so select the passage and share it using google translate ! for example , the kobo app for android and aldiko ( free or €2.49 ) are ebook readers which enable to share book passages . google play books have a built in feature to translate passages too ( it must use google translate ) . obviously , you can also copy the passages by hand , open the google translate app and use it to translate what you have just copied . it is not quite smart or ergonomic but it works .
as far as i know , they are stored under : data/data/com.android.chrome/app_chrome/default/bookmarks
no , or at least not in a way that can not be automated away . titanium backup can install apps without the user seeing this prompt , for example . it may require root to do this . without root , only the system can access the areas needed to install apps . so barring any bugs , apps can only be installed by the system and the system will show the permissions if the market has not already . i do not have documentation of this , but the source code is freely available :p edit : eldarerathis points out the aosp security page , which indicates that the permissions dialog will be presented on app install , although adb install does not require this ( presumably because you have physical access to the device in that case ) . this is also confirmed by another official resource that sbaskin89 found .
since the update to google maps last year you should now use google maps engine to create custom maps and access these on android via the corresponding maps engine app . from desktop maps you can get to maps engine by clicking in the search box and then clicking ' my custom maps ' . to import existing maps saved to ' classic ' my maps : go to ' my custom maps ' then ' see all my custom maps ' in the ' open a map ' window , select ' classic my maps ' tick the maps you want to import and then ' select ' followed by ' import ' you should then be able to find these maps in the android maps engine app under ' open a map ' > ' classic maps ' . if your map was not created by you ( will show as ' bookmarked ' rather than ' created by you ' in my places ) then you might need to re-import it into ' my places ' as kml to make it available to import into maps engine . . . click the name of the map in ' my places ' ( found by clicking the little cog icon in the bottom right of ' new ' maps or at https://www.google.co.uk/maps/mm ) in the left hand panel copy the link to the kml file back at ' my places ' , click ' create with classic my maps ' give the map a title then ' import ' paste in the url of the kml link and ' upload from url ' you should now be able to go back to maps engine and import the map as above .
according to a thread in the yarvik forum ( besides , the first hit on a google search for yarvik tab411 root ) , you should be able to use the superoneclick tool . but while the name suggests " one click " should be pretty easy , it might be not the case . however , you will need to : download superoneclick e.g. from here download and install the device drivers ( for your device , possibly to be found on the yarvik 's support pages ) on your windows machine activate usb debugging on your device run the superoneclick application as administrator ( oops ) on windows 7 now the most difficult : click the " root " button : ) as i have no yarvik tablet , i could not check the above . it is just the result from a little google search -- so forgive me in case it fails . . .
there is a bit tricky method suggested by one of xda members . rooting is required . download and install a terminal emulator on your android tablet . run the emulator and enter the following commands : dhcpcd usb1 setprop net . dns1 8.8.8.8 the android phone from which net connection is to be sourced must be connected via usb cable and on that phone enable usb tether . now you can access internet on your android tablet using your android phone as a usb modem !
there are programs like tasker , and llama that can automate things like that for you . but the problem here is how to tell those program that you are inside your car . if the conditions were like time of day , location or battery percentage you could easily use those programs to accomplish such task . in programs like tasker and llama , you can create task so that your lock screen will be disabled when you plug in headphone . but the problem here is , if anyone , anywhere plugs in the headphone your lock screen will get disabled . also sony recently release nfc tag . maybe you can have one such device in your car and provided that you have nfc in your phone you can just tag it and the lock screen will be disabled . and maybe tag it again before leaving the car to enable the lock screen again .
it appears that the way to do this is to use a car home/dashboard type application , such as samsung home . when i start this app and do not press the power button - allowing the screen to go off by itself - the pin lock is not activated and i can access any of the functionality on the home screen . this is probably true for other car home apps as well . this is not completely automated , but i am leery of any automated solution , as it would allow anyone to bypass the lock screen ( a possible exception would be car home apps that activate upon a bluetooth connection ) .
there are apps available that allow you to distinguish between locking your phone and it idling out . for example , it is a good security practice to have your phone lock whenever you hit the lock button , but understandable that you do not want it locking 10 seconds after you place it on the passenger seat . you can have the screen timeout after 20 seconds , but wait 120 seconds ( or more , if you prefer ) before it auto- locks . i know that juice defender provides such options . some apps ( such as the music app ) have the ability of adding ' widgets ' to your lock screen . this is even more apparent on custom roms ( such as cyanogenmod ) , which allow apps to respond to ' gestures ' on the lockscreen .
it is always enabled on the kindle fire . you simply need to add the fire 's device id to your android_usb.ini file so that the google adb drivers will find it . you can do this from the command line very easily with : echo 0x1949 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini  then restart adb adb kill-server adb start-server  and you should be good to go . if it still will not recognize it then you may need to go into the " manage " menu and uninstall the fire , then unplug it and plug it in again ( i do not remember if that step was necessary ) .
i can trim to two clicks : 1 for full backup to local storage and another for dropbox sync . for full backup to local storage : 1 . tap and hold on empty home screen area . choose widgets . 2 . from pop-up list , tap titanium backup ( actions ) . again , tap action . 3 . on next screen , choose backup all user apps + system data and tap create widget button . 4 . done ! now , all you have to do is to tap this widget from your home screen . for full sync to dropbox : 1 . make sure you have already enabled and configured dropbox sync from menu ~> preferences . 2 . from preferences , tap dropbox settings and then labels to synchronize . check synchronize everything checkbox and tap ok . 3 . done ! now , all you need is to open app and tap sync to dropbox now ! button at bottom from overview tab . . main method for full backup to local storage ( to shoot out your confusion ) : 1 . tap backup/restore tab . 2 . tap click to edit filters just below tab bar ( right-side ) . make sure all radio buttons are set to all and there is no label are selected ( if you have labels ) . tap apply button on top-right . 3 . hit physical menu button and choose batch . 4 . on next screen , tap run button left to backup all user apps + system data . tap run the batch operation button on top . go really for a sleep : setup and enable a full backup schedule profile from schedules tab . it will be enough if you just enable the two default schedule profiles . you can change its backup frequency after tapping edit button . so , in the last , you just need 1 click : 0 for full backup and 1 for dropbox sync ! : ) what about 0 clicks ? ? install dropsync and link tb 's backup directory to a folder in dropbox ( free version supports 1 directory linking which is enough for this ) . it'll sync backups with dropbox automatically ( make sure Auto Sync is check in settings ) . so , you do not need even that one click . . .
as of version 4.8.2 you can automatically synchronise to dropbox ( or box .net) with each scheduled backup : go to schedules in the main menu select a schedule or create a new one fiddle with the time settings to your heart 's content select " sync to dropbox " in the " when finished:" combo box at the bottom . could also be a good idea to adjust the " connectivity modes " to synchronise over wi-fi only in the settings to avoid unnecessary data charges ( if applicable ) .
open your car charger and at the back of the usb socket solder together the two middle contacts . these are the d- and d+ signals . most galaxy phones do not like an open circuit there , so now you have made a nice loop . info : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_serial_bus
it is not bricked totally . security error occurs when you have stock , locked bootloader and modified core android system files and/or recovery/x-boot/u-boot partitions . locked bootloader checks for signatures of some files and these partitions . the best approach would be to take lg flash tool , get original kdz for your lg , extract recovery.img , u-boot.img , x-boot.img and boot.img partitions and flash them with fastboot . try experimenting with vol-up/down keys to get to fastboot . you will probably want to use this command : fastboot flash &lt;partition&gt; &lt;file&gt; you need : lg flash tool and kdz extractor kdz file for your model ( search xda-dev for it ) good luck !
firefox was never the default android browser . the actual default browser is based on the open-source webkit engine , which also powers the safari browser on desktops , laptops and apple 's ios-based mobile devices . in the other hand , chrome is based in chromium and offers more options and performance than the stock browser .
first of all , do a nandroid backup to save the current state of the phone . get a rom that can be flashed via recovery ( usually . zip , not . img or . tar . img ) , then just execute : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push &lt;romname.zip&gt; /sdcard  if the first option to mount the sdcard fails , you can manually mount if from recovery . also sdcard path might vary from rom or recovery . once the rom is uploaded to the phone , you can then use the recovery option to install it . if you are comming from a different rom , be sure to wipe /system , /data and /cache .
skype for android uses your tablet 's default language . from their support site : skype for android is currently available in [ 32 different ] languages ( based on your phone’s or tablet’s language setting ) . what language is your tablet set to ? to check ( or to change it ) go to Settings &gt; Language &amp; input . it does not look possible to change the language used by skype without changing it for the whole tablet .
there is actually a way to do so , make sure that the source file your downloaded sourcefile is in the language you requested , ie downloading skype_3.1.0.6458 in your case
does not exist yet the only way is to decompile the application then change each line written in . apk/res/ the folders i found in resources of skype app anim drawable drawable-hdpi-v11 drawable-land drawable-land-ldpi drawable-ldpi drawable-mdpi drawable-mdpi-v9 drawable-port drawable- port-ldpi drawable-xhdpi drawable-xhdpi-v9 layout-land menu raw color drawable-hdpi drawable-hdpi-v9 drawable-land-hdpi drawable-land-mdpi drawable- ldpi-v9 drawable-mdpi-v11 drawable-nodpi drawable-port-hdpi drawable-port-mdpi drawable-xhdpi-v11 layout layout-port menu-v11 xml or try sending them an email at : skypeuploader@googlemail . com
be sure to check google drive because the app can store/sync to the " my tracks " folder .
i am still not sure where actual mytracks data is stored . i think it is stored somewhere in the internal memory , not in the external memory . but i have found a way to export the gpx data . start mytracks . press menu button . tap " save all to external storage " . tap " save as gpx " . saved x tracks to /mnt/sdcard/mytracks/gpx . at least some of the data for google mytracks is stored at /data/data/com . google . android . maps . mytracks . but to view /data/data you need to enable the root explorer in the phone and you need root access . to enable root explorer in file expert : start file expert . press menu button . tap more . tap settings . tap file explorer settings . check root explorer option . for this to work you need root access on the phone , i.e. the phone needs to be rooted . also , sometimes you will need to mount the file system as writable , and you can do this too within the app settings . ( i tried the same thing with es file explorer but i was unable to even view the root folder / with it , it was only able to view /sdcard . so therefore i recommend using file explorer instead . )
so , as the night progressed , and i tried various fixes such as what nathan suggested and restoring from titanium backups and such , my problems simply got worse . i ended up simply backing up my application data and restoring from a nandroid backup . that seems to have fixed it . it may have been a virus , or i might've corrupted something somehow . after i restored the backup , the contacts are syncing just fine .
i had a similar problem which was caused by having a youtube account registered on my phone as a google account . until this point , i only had a single google account and it all worked fine , but after adding the youtube account it seemed to stop a lot of things from working correctly on my normal google account . this was resolved by removing the youtube account from my accounts and sync settings .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts and Sync open up your gmail account there deselect the contacts option select it again and quit this will force android to sync it : )
use ideal text enlarger . works without need for root . but not all apps work with it and overly large fonts make the interface more difficult . i am looking for a similar solution , but in terms of accessibility , the ipad 's triple finger gesture to zoom and magnify any part of the screen in any app is unmatchable in android as yet .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
you could achieve this in two ways : have titanium create an update.zip with the wanted data . this you could then simply flash , and you are done titanium also supports a kind of " tags": setup a filter matching all the stuff you want , and save the selection as a tag ( or tag the wanted items manually ) . then select by tag and backup . make sure to have titanium sync its settings to your sdcard . after the rom upgrade , first re-install tb ( which then syncs with its settings from the sdcard ) , select the items by tag , and restore .
no , thats not possible -- as there is no ui ( including terminal ) available in fastboot mode .
flashing baseband via odin lost my imei and phone number and connectivity . i have fixed this by flashing modem via cwm . after that the disconnections have seemed to stop . also another problem got solved - before i could not copy +200mb file from pc to android via samba fileserver - something disconnected the process every time . now i can copy 300mb file without disconnections . i will wait for a day or two and try to mess with wi-fi settings and let you know if the problem is really solved . izzy : i am sure my internet was going through wi-fi . now the logs are different than before flashing modem ( or replacing kernel , although kernel did not solve the problem ) . here is what i get if i check what you suggested :
i have solved the problem by flashing modem ( aka baseband aka radio ) only through cwm / recovery mode . this way i have kept all my settings and apk 's and rom and kernel . the files i have used ( for sgs i9000 ) can be found here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1158783 you have to choose appropriate modem according to your phone/location/operator . perhaps it needs to be done twice or with correct modem ( i suggest trying few times ) . my actual procedure ( i do not suggest repeating it ) was : flashing several tar . md5 modem files several times via odin which did not work and i have lost my imei and phone number and signal . later i have restored backed up /efs folder bud did not help with imei . then i flashed zip modem files over cwm in recovery mode which solved both problems . personally i have tried i9000xxjvu and i9000xwjw1 and both worked . after updating rom with latest nightlies and later changing the kernel i notice that baseband version does not change . this is probably why i could not solve the problem by changing roms and kernels before . i read somewhere that modem does not affect wi-fi , but obviously it does to some degree .
full device/disk encryption can only be done correct with os privileges . that is why there is no such app . but newer android versions and some roms provide this features . have a look at " are there any known rom ( s ) with full device encryption incorporated ? "
you just have to enable usb debugging mode . go to settings scroll down to developer options . under that the first option is usb debugging . enable that
my nexus ran the battery flat and would not restart , although i did not have the backlight issue that you mention . there are a number of tricks suggested at : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2668668?hl=en which involve powering on and pressing volume buttons . this worked for me and the nexus now behaves as well as it ever did .
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
i found the solution thanks to ' related ' items which show up in green on the right side of this page , such as " how to change android primary google account " , and other related threads . i went to settings , accounts and sync , clicked on the gmail account , remove account , then add account , at which point i entered my existing gmail account ( the one that i know the password for ) and when i went to playstore it opened and i am now in . thank you .
search the settings inside the camera app there should be one to change/disable camera sounds . if there is no such option , i am afraid the only alternative you have is to try alternative 3rd part camera apps .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
i have just tried a normal microsoft usb mouse on my asus eee pad transformer running android 3.1 . it works just fine both in pre-installed applications ( i tried the browser ) and in third-party applications that i am pretty sure have no dedicated support ( they are not even adapted to 3.0 yet ) . and as @patrick noted , pretty much all usb mice and keyboards support the usb hid protocol , so you will not need specific per-mouse drivers .
it depends . some phone manufacturers adds the feature of moving apps to sd card in some of their models but most of them does not have this feature by default . although you can change that manually by rooting your phone and using an app called ' app2sd ' on any version of android .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
after following lie 's steps to create a new calendar in google calendar , you will have to add it to the calendar app : open the calendar app menu > my calendars menu > add calendars select the calendar you just added lie mentioned this in a comment , but i do not have enough rep to respond . add calendar is for adding calendars to the app that are not in the my calendars list already . it will not let you add new calendars to google calendar . ( the above is true on my xt720 running eclair-2.1 . )
if you have " wifi-sleep " on , when the device goes to sleep , the wifi connection will disconnect from the access point . it does not happen right as the device goes to sleep , but a little delay after . it should not drain the battery much more then just having wifi on . of course , if you have very network active apps running , then it may drain it a bit more . but on the other side , if wifi goes to sleep , and you have network active apps , they will just use your mobile connection , if it is available .
according to this question on stack overflow iptables is available in android source distribution . users of retail android devices cannot access iptables binary . even android os itself cannot access that binary . this is hard-coded in android . many devices also do not have iptables at all . the only way to access iptables binary is to build your own android images . check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2010/08/building-android-and-linux-kernel-for.html . once you get comfortable with that process , check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2011/03/porting-iptables-1410-to-android.html . iptables is a default module in aosp , you can use netfilter to write c code to handle that . for example , you can create an android project , and write a jni file , use ndk-build to compile that , and then adb push the executable to the android file system to execute . and in the mobile end , you can adb shell to it , directly use iptables command as a root user , just like in linux . to check if your device supports iptables : issue the following command in adb shell or in terminal emulator : iptables -L -t nat  alternatively you could try the beta of ip tables app on google play to see if it does what you want . there is also droid wall that you could try . it supports scripts that may help , e.g. $IPTABLES -A "droidwall" --destination "192.168.0.1" -j RETURN 
if you can remember that you had used ( does not matter which ) a google account on your lost note2 , you could go to accounts page of the play store in a computer . you can see the devices that are attached with the account with its registered and last used date . since you have multiple google accounts ( that is what i understood from your question ) you have try logging in with each and try the above said in a computer . with the last used and registered date you can identify which account was last used in your lost note2 . if you are confident that the lost phone is still switched on and connected to internet , you use androidlost to get into the process of identifying it or manage your stuffs .
i know it is too late , but here is a quick tip you can follow in case you lose it again and still not remember which account you used : get all your google accounts ( all you can remember ) , then try logging in with all of them one by one in this site : http://www.google.com/android/devicemanager one of your accounts will locate your phone if it is still on and is connected to the internet .
first , you need a " dyndns " account , so from outside , you can connect to your home network without knowing the ( daily changing ) public ip . then , you install ssh on the nas ( i guess you will use linux , e.g. ubuntu server lts ) . i would recommend forwarding another port to ssh , like 12345 , in order to stop at least basic , automated scans from finding your ssh server . as client , i would recommend es file explorer . connect to your nas by sftp . it is using strong encryption .
my solution , which seems to be working so far , is quite related to what was proposed by t0mm13b . that proposal was to adjust the dhcp settings . however , my router is quite limited in functionality and it is impossible to adjust wifi settings on it . insane , i know . so , i set my phone to use a static ip address instead of using dhcp . so far , so good .
three things that springs to mind channel number of the wifi 's broadcast for the ssid ( the identifier of the wifi network ) , try changing it to another channel ? wifi sleep policy , go into settings > wifi , hit menu , tap on advanced , keep wifi on during sleep , set that to ' never ' lease time on the dhcp 's ip address , there is a persistent bug in the wifi driver ( well it existed in gb ) if the lease time is set to -1 ( which is standard de-facto for " unlimited" ) , the wifi mechanism within the rom has difficulty in understanding that -1 i.e. negative number for the lease time , which results in similar problems with connecting to the wifi . try setting the lease time to a positive range , eg , 7200 seconds , or 2 hours and see what happens .
there are newer radios out there that greatly improve the radios . https://dl.dropbox.com/u/19045917/411_radios.zip since you are rooted i assume you know how to flash radios .
the locale of the app is based on the system wide locale , afaik , there is no way of setting each application to use a specific language regardless of how the system wide locale is set . that is , the developers of such applications have taken for granted that , if the system wide locale is set , then the android run-time will select the appropriate locale for the application , provided that the application has the necessary resource for that language built into the application . if there is no locale for internationalization within the application , it will fall back on us english by default even if the system-wide setting is other than that . i have not seen such an application where it prompts to select the language specifically within it at run-time and force it to use it regardless of system-wide setting . edit : after a bit of google-fu , came across this site titled ' google now with independent locale : google now tweaked for use in your own language [ root only ] ' so give that a shot and see if that would help you : )
i was just looking for the same thing to be able to run my phone in english , but my navigation application in my native language ( dutch ) . i found a program called localized apps program on xda developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1174443 it lets you create a shortcut for an app for a different language ( it actually changes your phone language and returns it to normal when you close the program ) . credits to xda user thiagolr for creating this program .
to read rtf files you basically just need and app that supports that file format . here 's a good one that additionally supports many other document types : cool reader by vadim lopatin available from google play store . reading books in epub , fb2 , txt , doc , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , pml formats . ebook reader . supports epub ( non-drm ) , fb2 , doc , txt , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , prc , mobi ( non-drm ) , pml formats .
on android , the best rtf editor i have found sofar is officesuite , which i use in conjunction with foldersync , in case no wifi is available , i can then edit the rtf on the lokal drive of the tablet and then sync with whatever cloud drive you are using .
thinkfree office mobile android office officesuite pro 6 all these claim to allow editing of rtf files .
i am using apabi reader for documents reading . this app is great for asia sepecific languages .
andropenoffice is a good reader and has potential to develop into a good editor . cloudon may a good alternative but i have not been able to try it yet .
jota text editor : a small program , not like the huge office suites . i have tested it and seems to be working : i created a . rtf file from jota on android , sent to a windows pc , and wordpad opened it ok . issue detected : seems not to open ( at least correctly ) . rtf files created on windows by using wordpad ( if someone knows how to correct it , please report ) . at least you can write your . rtf from scratch on your android device .
there are custom recoveries for your device but they are only available for the wi-fi only galaxy tab 4 10.1- twrp ( sm-t530 ) , odin/heimdall flash cwm ( sm-t530 ) , odin/heimdall flash **
try going to /data/media , it should be the same folder as /sdcard . i think the files you are trying to delete might be virtual , i had this exact problem while trying to clean up in /sdcard/Android/data until i realized that i could also find them at the path specified .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you don’t want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu > ​ settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
i do not own a galaxy tab but some tablets have a hard reset button similar to windows power reset button . it is generally a small hole and you can use a pin to reboot the device by pressing the pin in the hole for few seconds . basically what it does is it reboots the tablet . you do not require to wait for the battery drain .
you most probably see this , right : this is the galaxy tab 's ' download mode ' to install new firmware as a last resort via samsung 's odin or to side-load aftermarket firmware . you can wait for the battery to drain by itself without taking further action .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
connect to the wifi network . install dropbox/google drive or any other similar service on your computer . install the app for the same service on your phone . and then go into your favorite photo browser/gallery and send the files over to the service and then you will have them automatically on your computer ( if you have installed the applications ) . this also gives you a backup of the photos and videos . simple steps one by one , with my recommended service : connect to wifi with your cellphone if you dont have a google account , make one here : google signup . most likely you have a google account , when you have an android phone . otherwise , you can not download apps through the google play . install " google drive " on your computer . you can download it from the google drive download page . install " google drive " on your phone . download it from the google play store . go into your favorite photo browser or gallery app on your phone . you can then select all files or only the ones you wanna transfer , and choose the " share" ( ) button and choose " google drive " . it will then use some time depending on the internet connection you have . you can then go on your computer and find the files inside the " google drive " folder . your files is now safely saved/backed up on three devices . your computer , phone and " google drive " . i hope this solution works for you . you can also make a permanent solution by downloading and using foldersync wich will automatically upload photos to google drive when you take photos or videos .
you can use an app such as wifi tiles transfer . all you have to do is to download the app and clicking the start button . then you can go to the server page you are given ( on the app screen ) and you can access all the files and folders of your phone memory .
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
most likely it is a difference in the trrs layout of the headset . for example , i have two " similar " headsets , one that came with samsung galaxy s and another that came with samsung galaxy tab 10.1 . even though they look similar to the naked eye , if i use the galaxy s one with my tab , i only get mono sound due to a minor difference in the trrs layout . sometimes i can remedy this by pulling the jack a little out of the plug , but it is very tricky to keep it in the correct position . anyway , you should test the jack with different headsets to verify that there is no physical damage to the jack .
go to settings> wireless and network> usb settings . disable usb debugging if promted and select the usb mode you want . kies for syncing with the kies application on the desktop or mass storage for mounting the /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd partitions
i had exaclty the same problem . i use sony xperia z with jelly bean 4.3 the solution that worked for me is like this : 1 . stop contact autosync of google account . 2 . clear all data and cache of contact storage app . after this email app will not autocomplete with gmail contacts . the drawback is that the native gmail app will not autocomplete either . in general i believe this should be fixed in the next patch for android somehow to let me choose from which contacts i want autocomplete to pull . hope this helps ks
try this : go to the account for the exchange server and change " email check frequency " to " never " . check the box to " sync calendar " .
i hope someone comes up with a different solution : as far as i can tell , the solution presented in the answer by al everett , does not work . my work around : i have created a folder called ' inbox server ' on the exchange and set up a filter to move all incoming mails from inbox to ' inbox server ' . since the sync only syncs the inbox folder by default , effectively , no exchange emails are synced now . but if anyone else has another solution or comments , please let them know . i will be glad to read them .
/cache partition is mostly for saving the downloads from google play store , found in /cache/downloads . it also can hold the recovery log found in /cache/recovery called last_log as well ( this holds any errors and/or diagnostics from the recovery binary a lá cwm or stock , which will get logged in the file to aid debugging and development of the recovery binary ) . there is also another directory in there called lost+found which holds any recovered files ( if any ) as a result of file-system corruption , such as incorrectly removing the sdcard without un-mounting it . so really , there is no loss of data from clearing it . in fact , upon android boot-up , the script will clear out the /cache/downloads to make way for any new downloads/updates from google play store .
to give a closer overview on filesystems used on android devices , here 's a short table with a selection of the more important ones : [ 1 ] on older systems , entire /data is just a single partition/file system [ 2 ] on newer devices , /data can be further segemented you will not find all these file systems on all devices -- but if you find some of them , this list should give you a raw idea .
i just installed orbot awhile ago , and i got it working on my rooted samsung galaxy s4 . you need to set the proxy for your apn . go to System Settings &gt; More networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; APN . open your existing apn , and take note of the settings . you need to make a clone of this apn ( so that you will still have the original apn , and have another apn that goes through tor ) . go back to the apns page , and create a new apn , copying the settings from the other apn . then , set these : proxy : localhost port : 8118 after that , make sure you select the newly-created apn as your new apn . your network will refresh in a bit . open your browser and open check.torproject.org . if it was successful , you should see something like this : warning : if you use the gmail app ( or in my case , kaiten configured with my gmail ) , it may detect unauthorized access , and you may be asked to reset your gmail password online .
if you deny superuser access it works . at least on my vzw s4 it does .
logcat does not need root . simples - its a de-facto standard across the board in respect to different android versions and is part of android irrespective if you are rooted or not , and is a standard means for diagnosing problems as in for example - you install an app , the app force close , you complain to developer of said app , chances are quite high the developer will ask " send over the logcat " regardless if you are rooted or not ! alogcat is one way of gathering the information , with the option of logging to webpage layout or plain text , bear in mind , if you schedule it to log at a certain frequency such as every 15 minutes , the sdcard will fill up quite quickly . another aspect , usage of logcat will be dependent on the kernel in terms of how much it can store - in any kernel that is used by the rom , the source for the logging from a kernel level , where it reserves the memory for the logcat service can be found in drivers/staging/android/logger.c using the appropriate defines for example : define_logger_device ( log_main , logger_log_main , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_events , logger_log_events , 256*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_radio , logger_log_radio , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_system , logger_log_system , 64*1024 ) again , mileage will vary , some developers of such roms will choose to minimize consumption to reduce memory overheads . . .
no , you do not need root to access logcat . my device ( samsung galaxy note , gingerbread 2.3.6 with stock rom ) is not rooted ( yet ! ) and i have used the following ways to access log on my device : catlog app alogcat app activated sshdroid app , and connected to the device terminal using an ssh client using android sdk and running adb logcat however , the terminal app does not allow you to run logcat , and gives you " permission denied " . i am not sure why .
no , you do not need root to get logcat information . to do it , you probably want to download the android sdk and run " adb logcat " , using the adb tool that comes with the sdk . alternatively , you could install the adt eclipse plugin and use its handy streaming logcat viewer .
it seems you cannot run logcat from terminal emulator without having root on your phone . in this case you have to su first . afaik , it comes from android permissions : terminal emulator simply does not have enough permissions to view device 's log . so the system says permission denied . on the other hand , as others said , there are plenty of apps that allow you to view device 's log just because they request the permission .
you do not need to root your phone to run adb logcat with the android sdk , but i did just test it in my terminal emulator and i did have to be root ( used the su command -- my phone is already rooted ) to run logcat in the terminal on my phone . so yes : if you have root on your phone you can run logcat from a terminal on your phone .
these free apps in the market claim to be able to display your logcat , and do not make any mention of root . should only take you a few minutes to try them out : catlog alogcat logviewer edit : thanks to @mente for reminding me that these apps will only let you view the full logfile in older versions of android . android 4.1 brought in a new security model around logfiles that meant that apps could only read their own logfiles and logfile entries , and can not read logfile entries written by the system or other apps . there is however still both a way for an app 's user to generate a logfile of the app 's recent log entries to be sent to a developer , and for a phone 's owner to grant permissions to allow an app to read the logfile without full root , but this does require you to use an adb command , which unfortunately takes it out of the reach of most normal phone users : if you want the user to give you debugging information , you can have them generate a bug report with power + volume down + volume up which includes the logs and lots of other data , and automatically brings up their e-mail app to sent it all ( plus a screenshot ) . we were just discussing that we should have an easier way to generate these as well , i am going to look at adding something to the settings app . i also have started introducing the concept of a " development " permission , which read logs is classified as . this allows the app to request the permission , but not get it at install . you can however grant it with an adb shell command once it is installed . at some point later i expect to have a ui in the system for doing this , but we are going to hold off on that to be careful about how we present this . excerpt from a post on google groups by dianne hackborn , android framework engineer . my emphasis . the mentioned adb command to grant an application permission to read the logs is : adb shell pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  this setting should survive reboots and upgrades of the app ( but not uninstalls/reinstalls ) .
the application android system info has the ability to output log info to the screen which as far as i can tell is the same log info as logcat spits out .
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
a few things to consider : make sure the hdtv adapter is connected to a usb power such as the wall or a pc ( the usb from the tvs do not give enough power ) have you tried the hdmi to display port adapter with another hdmi output such as your laptop or pc ? maybe this is faulty try using an hdmi to dvi adaptor try another hdmi monitor to ensure its not your monitor
another u2412m user here since displayport has been ruled out , dvi is supposed to be good alternative since it is " electrically compatible " with hdmi . unfortunately , that is not the case for android device + u2412m : ( i have personally tested microhdmi - dvi ( xperia pro mk16 ) and mhl - dvi cable ( htc one m7 ) with this monitor , none of those combinations appear to work . the monitor simply reverts to sleep mode within 5 minutes . edit : mhl works only in 640x480 resolution , and i must pull the power from the monitor usb hub , previously i only tried plugging the mhl usb plug to wall charger with no success . i have also tested different cables , and all of them works fine when connected to a laptop . in the end i simply get ( micro ) hdmi to vga adapter and finally the u2412m able to mirror my phone display . make sure you get the one with microusb port , otherwise your phone battery will be drained fast . i assume mhl to vga adaptor should also works .
that cable is not going to work . that adapter will only allow you to go from a ( dual-mode ) displayport source to an hdmi input , not the other way around like you are trying to use it . to go from an hdmi source to a displayport input , you need an active converter , such as this startech unit , not merely an adapter , as displayport uses a fundamentally different means of data transmission ( it is a packetized connection like usb , not just a digital stream ) than hdmi or dvi .
it is alright i found a more simple method . i just wiped/factory reset the tablet that made the nexus boot up to the welcome screen again . then i used an image recovery software program to retrieve the photos so now i have a fixed nexus and memories back , good times . the recovery program is called recuva . –
vlc works perfectly for me : ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.codejugglers.android.vlchdhl=en did you tried this link ? it uses moboplayer and es file explorer . http://apcmag.com/how-to-stream-video-to-an-android-device.htm davy
eldarerathis is right , you had need to build the droid x source in order for it to just work without modification . drivers are the main issue here ; unlike windows , for example , android does not include a vast number of drivers to enable it to work on most any hardware . android also runs on much less standardized hardware than pcs . most roms you see tend to be modifications of the stock image , possibly with custom kernels built from stock . it is rare that they are fully built from the manufacturer 's source , and even rarer when they are built from the aosp ( apart from the nexus devices ) .
it was hard to take screenshots on 1st generation kindle fire tablet . you had to android sdk etc and connect to your computer etc just to take a screenshot . we are used to print screen function on computers . how to take screenshot of kindle fire hd or kindle fire 2 1 . press and hold volume down and power buttons simultaneously . your kindle fire screen flickers and takes a snapshot of tablet screen . you can find the saved screenshot images in photos > screenshots . make sure to select device tab at the top as shown below . you can send saved screenshot via email , skype etc . i did not any option to send them via bluetooth . it seems kindle fire has limited sharing options .
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
if you did not purchase the app ( i.e. . it was free ) , it should be gone . if you did , then it is always there because you have purchased the right to download it .
for google cloud things such as contacts , do i need to backup the cloud version just in case , so the phone does not wipe them from the cloud ? if you set your contact list to sync with gmail 's contact list , you do not need to backup your gmail 's contacts list ; just like every cloud-based services you would need to change how you think about where data is stored , gmail 's contact list is not a backup of the phone 's contact list , the gmail 's version is the primary reference copy and the phone 's contact list is just a local cache of the online version . unfortunately ( or , in your particular case , fortunately ) , sms storage is not a cloud service . if you do a factory reset , you lose all your sms messages . therefore , you need to do manual backup of your sms messages . there are multitudes of sms backup apps in the market , both free and paid ; i do not know which ones plays wells with the sms bug since i do not experience the bug myself . hard resetting the phone will not affect the sd card , correct ? yes . your sd card is your own data , android will not touch the sd card in any way when doing factory resets . my paid apps come back from market anyway , right ? yes , android market purchases are tied to your gmail account , and you should not need to repay any of your paid apps as long as you used the same account . however , if you purchased apps outside of android market , you may need to contact the developer of those app or the alternative market where you made the purchase and ask their policy on this . p.p.s. i have appbrain . is that automatically remembering all apps i have on the phone ? yes , including those you install directly from the market . just make sure you sync your app list with appbrain before you do a factory reset .
appbrain will make it easy to restore your apps . after the reset , install appbrain first ( ish ) and use it to get back all the apps you had before . ( sync before you reset . ) market will remember your paid apps so you will be able to get those without having to repay . your google app data ( e-mail , contacts , calendar ) are backed up to the " cloud " already , so you should not have to do anything special with them . if you really want to you could export them to a csv file , but you should not have to . you probably do not need to , but i would copy the contents of the sd card to a temporary location . just in case . as for other apps that keep data only local . . . i can not speak to those . i know that for myself everything important has a backup somewhere else . ( yay dropbox ! ) unfortunately ( or , actually , fortunately ) , i do not have any personal experience with a factory reset . everything i have read says that it is really not that bad , excepting those apps that do not have dynamic storage strategies . good luck !
well , titanium backup is a great choice for you . besides that you can backup your data , settings and apn to some safe place or move them to your sd card . although , it is not necessary do not keep your sd card in while doing a factory restore . as mentioned earlier , your data is already stored in google play account , so you do not need to pay multiple times for the app you purchased . the other issue would be backing up games and other data so you do not have to start from the scratch .
while you are not currently rooted , then , assuming you can get your device rooted , i can recommend titanium backup . the basic version is free , and allows you to back up whichever apps and settings you want to your sd card . i have used this myself when upgrading from 2.1 to 2.2 , and it kept every single app setting in the condition it started . if this sounds interesting , an easy and painless way to root your device , is by using z4root , which lets you one-click root on a lot of devices , including the galaxy s , which wikipedia tells me the epic 4g is a variant of .
here is a partial solution ( it does not copy widgets ) . you must save the adw settings as a backup in the free version , then restore them in the paid version . open adw launcher context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > backup open adw launcher ex context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > restore > ( choose the backup time stamp you just created ) context menu > adwsettings > system > restart adw now you will have to re-create your widgets .
actually your algorithm is right except one thing - you can not restore widgets if you are using android ics or older . this is limitation of os . from this post : note 2: if you unfortunately have an android device running anything prior to android 4.1 , the widgets will not be restored . and also from play store : -appwidget backup/restore ( only for android 4.1 and newer )
if contacts already merged , open the contact , press menu button and choose Mark as default
edit the contact you want to be the default . then press the menu button and join the additional contacts . this will keep the display name as the original contact you were editing .
if you were not successfull just using google , have a look in the android open source project aosp . you will find openssl and the answer to your question . there is a nice page which allows for very fast searches inside aosp : http://androidxref.com/source/
go into the wi-fi settings , press menu , choose advanced . you should get options including wi-fi sleep policy . sounds like its set to turn off wi-fi when the screen is off .
i have a leedroid rom on my desire , and it has sense and a2sd+ . there are many roms with sense . . .
i also have the safe device and had faced the same problem . i have two wonderful solutions : 1 ) use link2sd . this app moves your app 's apk , lib and dex file to second partition of you sd card . it will leave only the data files in the internal memory . so you can install nearly five times the more apps . i have a blog post if you want to try it out . 2 ) use sueprnova rom . this rom is the stock rom with data2sd support . so you can even use 2gb of sd space as internal memory . both of this solution requires you to have a better class of sd card .
according to the openaos site , the archos 5 is supported . so i would think that there would be a download for an update package for that specific device . this is how others do it . the steps to install on any of the devices should be the same ( or close ) the only thing you would need is the install package . i could not find downloads on the openaos site .
the power button is handled at a very low level by something like a watchdog , so if it is not working , the problem is probably in hardware , not software . that means it probably needs physically replacing . take it to a repair shop and have them check it out . even if you do not think you did anything to break it , it could be the result of an earlier impact : e.g. it cracked the circuit board , but only after continued use has the crack broken the electrical circuit .
the menu button will display the action overflow menu , and the action overflow " soft " button should not appear on the action bar . the action bar itself , however , will still be visible as it normally would ( provided the app implements it , of course ) . the android design guidelines for the action bar state ( emphasis mine ) : action overflow the action overflow in the action bar provides access to your app 's less frequently used actions . the overflow icon only appears on phones that have no menu hardware keys . phones with menu keys display the action overflow when the user presses the key . for the sake of clarity , the " action overflow button " is the little three dots icon shown at the far right here :
good choice ( t-mobile ) . if your phone is unlocked you should be able to use your device with most carriers , especially the ones who activate service with a sim card . it is most likely because it is not registered yet , i would not see any reason otherwise . update i will agree with eldrerathis here . it is possible that the device cannot connect to the network correctly .
direct editing of pdf content is something hard to achieve . as far as i know , the only solution for this is qoppa pdf notes . however : bookmarks ( create and edit ) and annotations ( also create and edit ) are possible . the best ebook-reader on android , also known as moon+ reader pro , supports this not only for pdf ( pro only ! ) -- but also for epub and other formats ( pro and free ) . another popular solution ( pdf only ) is ezpdf . for more solutions , you might consult the playstore , and check with the descriptions . the keywords are " bookmark " and " annotation " . another q and a here which might prove interesting to you is : is there any software for tablets to edit pdf or ps -files ?
look under settings / applications / memory then narrow down to " running " , and see what is taking room . before i found " running " , i noticed that nfs shift and let 's golf took a very large amount of " memory " ( akin to disk space ) so uninstalled them . then under running , i could see if there were any things running that i did not want , in my case skype was running ( i use the chat ) , imo was running ( i use the chat ) , etc . but if i would have found things i did not want running i would see what i could do with them .
the best solution is to swap the ' storage memory 's ' . it is to swap internal to external and external to internal . if your phone 's rooted it may be easy just to edit a file ( depending on the model ) . so better search How to Swap Internal and External for your model . better search xda forums .
no , there is no way to increase internal memory ; this is installed at the factory and is fixed . you can , however , free up existing space on your internal memory by removing apps , cleaning out caches and deleting end user files that are stored there . modifying stock apps ( ie , removing bloatware ) usually requires a rooted device , and will prevent you from receiving over the air updates as well as most likely voiding your warranty .
i use netflix on my samsung galaxy s vibrant with cyanogenmod 7 and it works just fine . now , that does not mean in the future , nextflix could not update their app to not support these devices/rom but it does work now .
powering off and back on restored the 3x3 picture size . . . makes no sense , but it worked .
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
there is no standard for this in the bluetooth protocol stack , so the solution depends highly on the manufacturer of the device . if the manufacturer has not created an app for android , it is probable that you would have to program it yourself or have someone do it for you . this would require that the manufacturer has public protocol definitions available for the communication between the devices .
i actually think your best bet would be to develop the app yourself . i know that you consider it a last resort but you will get exactly the app you want , you can get the app to talk to a web service that writes the data away to a database . do not forget security , https between the android devices and t
power on you can simply enable wake-on-lan on your computer through bios setup , then use any of the several wol apps to send the power-on command over the network . some apps like syncme also include wol functionality , so a separate wol app may not be needed . shutdown on windows in general it will involve some server utility installed on the computer , and the client-side android app communicating with it , for example oneid . these apps usually include other features , which may be overkill . you could use ssh and call the shutdown.exe utility , but it may be overkill too . besides , these solutions may not shut down windows " properly " . for example , neither oneid nor shutdown.exe were able to trigger my " backup on logoff " routine . http shutdown for these reasons i end up writing my own small solution . http shutdown is a small web server which is going to shut down the computer when a specific http get request is received . that means you can turn off your computer from android device by simply tapping a tasker or web shortcut on home screen . windows is going to shut down " properly " , meaning your logoff scripts configured in group policy will get executed normally . it requires python and the pywin32 library . then you can run the server on computer startup like this for example : python http-shutdown.py 192.168.0.1 80 valid_password.txt . then , on android device you access the web address http://192.168.0.1/shutdown?auth=&lt;password&gt; . server will respond in plain text with started if the shutdown has been started , denied if the password does not match the file contents , or something else otherwise .
if your host supports wakeup on lan you can use some of these apps .
if your network card can use wake-on-lan and/or is supported , and is remotely accessible , then yes , it is quite possible to achieve it ( wake-on-lan apps are in abundance on the play store ) , taking into account of security considerations which is outside of the scope of this site , double check and make sure no other service is on that public facing pc otherwise bad guys will get in and wreak havoc .
power on wol enabled bios : in order to power up the remote host , you first have to enable wol in his bios . the way you have to do this will vary from motherboard to motherboard , sou you will have to figure it out by your self , or ask google for some help . remote host cable connected to router application capable of sending magic packets to remote . host 's macadress at the moment i am using woldroid wol wake on lan on remote . host execute : ifconfig  detect your remote . host 's ehternet board usualy eth0 and save the hw adress value xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx enter that number when woldroid asks you for a mac adress . and your done . now you are able to powerup remotely power off 1 . prepare the remote host : remote host with ubuntu 12.04 create your private and public key files to follow these steps you will have to access your remote host , physically , or using another computer . i will describe this as if you have physical access to the remote . host open a command window and install the ssh protocol : sudo apt-get install ssh  create public and private keys using ssh-key-gen ssh-keygen  you should save the generated key in : /home/yourusername/.ssh/id_rsa  press enter twice to leave the passphrase empty . now copy the id_rsa . pub to your ~/ . ssh/authorized_keys file with this command : ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub remote.host  now you have to be able to execute the sudo shutdown -p 0 with no password . modify /etc/sudoers on remote . host with visudo that way user " yourusername " can execute the shutdown command with no password asked . run : sudo visudo  by running visudo , it leads to edit /etc/sudoers . add the line below to that file . yourusername ALL = NOPASSWD: /sbin/shutdown  now we are able to access remotely , and shutdown without passwords asked . 2 . prepare your android connect your android to the remote host and with your file explorer copy the id_rsa file located in ~/ . ssh/ folder to the android 's sd card . disconnect your android from the remote host install a ssh client program . ( ex . connectbot ) open connect bot and go to manage pubkeys > import and select the key you copied later . go back to connect bot 's main scren and select the ssh protocol from the list and enter loginname@remote.host . notice that it creates a line in the main screen with the data you input . push it for a couple of seconds and select edit host . select Use pubkey authentication and select id_rsa on Post-login automation write sudo shutdown -P 0 go back to you the main screen of connect bot and we are done ! now you can turn on and shutdown a remote . host : )
you should be able to set the lock screen in Settings &gt; Lock screen &gt; Screen security .
try setting - - > personalize - - > lock screen style
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
though the is a little bit vague in nature , seems a very useful question for a larger community . you can use high pitched ringtones which are very common around the internet . also i came across this post at xda which seems quite useful for you . ( did not test them myself though . even if me or anybody did , the level you require might be different . ) in the google play market , there are apps like super loud ringtones , loud ringtones , loud ringtones you must consider the suggestion made by shywim as well .
make a nandroid backup from recovery . make sure that the backup is located on the sdcard . mount the sdcard on a computer and copy it is contents to a folder on a pc . copy the entire contents of the folder you made above to the target device . root the device than install a custom recovery if you did not do this already . in recovery restore the nandroid backup . reboot the device . now everything should be exactly the same as on the original . repeat steps 4-7 for every device . if there're lots of small files that need to be transferred , another possibility is zip them up copy to the phone and than unzip it using adb shell unzip path/to/file.zip  once the command is launched you can disconnect the device the process will continue as long as there're no conflicting files or folders .
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
because this app chek your license , if you buy this app from play store it runs automatically otherwise if you try a free version of this application it shows application not installed . . .
it is entirely possible for a malicious app to become available through it . however , the same can be said for any other software distribution system . the app store is not immune to sneaky devs either . never assume that any software distributor offers 100% safe software . whether you are using windows , osx , ios , android , linux , unix , freebsd , or any os , the only person who should be responsible for your security is you , yourself . when installing software , make sure that you trust the vendor and the app itself , regardless of how much you trust the supplier . if you trust rovio , then angry birds is going to be just as safe on ios as it is on android , or any other platform it is available on .
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators – e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
there may be malicious apps on google play , but google will detect them , remove them and issue a remote uninstall command that will remove it from your device . there may be malicious apps , but they will be gone within a day .
anyone who has any experience programming and working on both android and ios apps can tell you that there are most certainly malicious apps on the play store . here 's the deal : in order to publish your app to apple 's app store you have to submit it to apple for review . oh , and you also have to pay them $99 per year and jump through some other hoops . either way , apple goes through your app 's code line by line ( or at least that is what they claim ) and verify there is not malicious code . as a lot of devs can tell you , it is not hard to get an app rejected and not all that uncommon to have to resubmit . the end result is that the apple app store is about as safe as it gets . not perfect , but as far as safety it does not get much safer . now , if i develop and app for android i can basically just upload it to the play store . i will need to create a developer account , but that is all i have to do . if my app contains known viruses or malware google will eventually catch it and remove it from the app store . the important thing to keep in mind about android is that it really is closer to windows in that you can easily mess around and download an app or apps that can steal your personal information , slow your system down due to poor design or ads , and any number of other things . my best advice is to pay very close attention to an apps permissions and if in doubt just do not install it . also , even if you do not usually read reviews on ios devices , i would recommend that you at least take a look at the reviews for any lesser known android app you are considering installing . you can find out pretty quickly if the app has been causing other users problems with their devices . for this reason , i would not recommend just indiscriminately downloading every single app that looks interesting on android . you really should be savvy enough to pay attention and protect yourself . in addition to programming i have also worked for a few years in the mobile industry and i can tell that i hated to see older users get androids because they would end up with so much crap on their phone and then wonder why it did not work the way they wanted . if this is you , then you maybe you should go with apple . if you do not mind paying attention to what you are doing then android will treat you very well ! hope this helps .
it is possible for there to be malicious apps on google play . however , there are a number of things that you can do to protect yourself : check the permissions that an app requests when installing . if it looks excessive for what the app does , then you can email the developer and ask why they need the permissions they ask for . most developers should be happy to do this , although it may take a while to get a response . look at the amount of downloads and reviews . if it does not have many downloads then be more cautious . it does not however , mean that the app is malicious , just that you need to check more yourself . if it has a lot of 1-2 star reviews then i would probably stay clear as well . if it is a popular app ( such as need for speed , riptide gp etc . ) that is normally a paid for app , but you find a free version then be very careful . a common tactic by malware authors is to pose as popular apps but actually they install malware on your device . essentially you have to use common sense . if in doubt do not install the app . google does have a system called bouncer which scans all apps uploaded to the play store which has reduced the amount of malicous apps but it is not 100% guaranteed .
well , one that comes to mind - if application is removed from market or is not listed as compatible for your device , restoring from google account is one way of getting those applications . i did it with " fml official " and " amazon " applications when they were not available on nexus 7 2013 - " backed " them up on my samsung s2 and " restored " on nexus 7 . and , of course , for some applications settings are restored too .
as david said , you can restore an unsupported app from a previous backup , or you can restore the data of that app ( e.g. saves in a game ) . when you install an app from the play store , you are limited to what is available for your country ( unless you are rooted then there some ways to go around it ) and even if you install an app that you previously had , the data will not be restored . google play store just backs up your apps names so when you restore through the play store , the data is not restored .
i have already found out the problem , it is because of the upgrading of the firmware . i brought my phone to samsung and they found out that the firmware installed in the device is somehow not genuine ( do not know about this , i got my device from globe telecom as brand-new . ) disclaimer : this solution is for samsung device under warranty period . samsung said the problem occurs when you update through ota when you have an inconsistent internet connection making the ' applypatch ' running as if it cannot find all necessary files for upgrade and continuously searching and patching it . solution to this is to backup first your device , bring it to samsung service center then have them format it and install a genuine os . after that , my device is back to normal with updated genuine android 4.2.2 jellybean and just have to restore my data . if your warranty is over and if you are already rooted you can just reformat your android device with a legit rom and everything will be back to normal .
pull the battery , put it back in press volume down +power , it will boot into Hboot , then use volume to scroll down and select recovery , then restore a backup or flash rom again .
there is also android remote computer over android that can control your pc via your smartphone ( mouse , keyboard ) free and without ads .
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
what version of android you currently have on your nexus device ? i have ( i think ) exactly the same device , as you ( asus nexus 7 ii ( 2013 ) lte ) and three days ago it was upgradred from 4.3.0 to 4.4.2 KitKat ( i issued manual upgrade , by connecting to wifi network and going to Settings &gt; About phone &gt; System Updates ) . after upgrade , option you are referring to ( Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Use only 2G networks ) has been changed to Preferred network with options : 4G , 3G and 2G . now you can fully control , which kind of network your tablet access and you can limit it to use only 3G networks ( second option ) , which has full fallback to 2G network , if 3G one is not accessible in your area .
it would seem like this might also be possible on other devices through *#*#4636#*#* as per http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000545/ch07.html#_3gpp_and_3gpp2_partnerships and stackexchange-url which opens up com.android.settings.TestingSettings , which then has an option to Set preferred network type within Phone info .
if the problem is that it will not charge is because the usb port is broken . maybe through pocket lint or broken charger . anyway i advise trying wireless charging
i got it to work by going to the bluetooth settings screen , then holding down the bluetooth button on the back of my keyboard for about 5-10 seconds . after that , the keyboard showed up on the available devices and it allowed me to pair it with my tab 2 .
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
quick answer : /storage/emulated/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  details : unless possibly exploring the file-system with root permissions , the primary user cannot copy the files around . it is easiest for the restricted user to use a file explorer or some wifi uploader , like airdroid , to upload the needed files from his or her account . i will experiment and report more later , but for now , use airdroid or similar from the restricted account to upload the needed files .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
i had a similar problem with subway surfers . i finally found that profile data was under : /data/user/&lt;user_id_number&gt;  hope this helps .
yes , most manufacturers ( afaik including htc , as i had this experience with my evo 4g ) will have the ota update break if the device is rooted . this may have changed , but to my knowledge , ota will not work after root . however , devices can be unrooted , however , some are easier than others , and the process is different for most devices . please note that most unrooting methods require a full wipe . thus is the nature . however , if i can give you a bit of personal advice , custom roms can usually give you the features of an ota update and much , much more ; )
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
system space is internal andoid space ( not your sd card/storage space ) . to make more empty space available in your system , you can do the following : clean system cache ( there are various apps to do that ) ; uninstall unused apps ; move apps to sd card ( with app2sd or similar application ) ; system space depends on the device and is limited amount of space which contains your rom , system and applications . it is not good if it has only 2% space left as your device might become slow or cause some apps to crash .
if you have succesfully rooted the phone and have the clockworkmod recovery image , you can easily flash a custom 2.2 rom . have a look on modaco for some good options . you should also install the rom manager app from the market for easy flashing , booting to recovery , backups , etc . you should not have to wait long before there are plenty of 2.3 options too : ) ( there are a couple already on the xda forums , but these are very new so you might want to wait just a little while whilst all the kinks are ironed out ) .
what android version are you on ? check System Settings &gt; About phone &gt; Android version . kies3 is for android 4.3 and above . if your android version is lower , use kies .
it seems that on{x} was indeed causing this , no logs show in sd card anymore since i have uninstalled the application .
seems to be caused by same problem that drains my galaxy ace battery . i noticed when to turn off all data connections ( wifi , packet ( 2g/3g - no difference ) ) to save battery then the phone will actually drain battery ~2-3 times faster than with data on mode because it will not go to idle mode anymore . i suspect there are some system service witch uses data connections and prevents phone to go idle mode . but i have no idea , what it is , i have already switch off all google services ( background data , location service ) , all syncing , all apps , trying different software versions ( 2.3.4 , 2.3.5 , 2.3.6 with factory reset ) but no result . because there are extremely few information about that problem , i suggest that it related only with samsung software for few galaxy devices .
also happened on my samsung infuse . it took me awhile to realize what the problem was . and also as you stated it never used to do it , only about the time the warranty expired . but yeah disabling my data while at work ( which is a low signal 3g zone ) fixed the problem .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
i had same problem and fixed this way : go to google sync and activate , then download an app named " ds battery saver . " since then , my google services no longer consume battery as it did . i think it is because it could not go into sleep mode . this app allows it to go to sleep . i have been using since then and it resolved my problems . before this , with my galaxy on idle , it only lasted 12 hours or so . that is without the screen on or making phone calls . it is an android bug has nothing to do with wifi . my wifi was always off , and still it drained all my battery .
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
in froyo and later , there is a " cursor handle " that you can grab and drag to the right location . now this photo doesnt show it , but the actual cursor is still there blinking too . that handle will also bring up a quick action menu to select text or paste . and once text is selected , you can copy and cut too .
multiling keyboard has arrow keys in there somewhere .
this depends on the phone you are using , on my spica , for example , i can use the directional keypad to adjust the position of the cursor . on phones that have trackballs , the trackball does the same job . otherwise , the backspace key can be used as a workaround for left-arrow key ( delete a few chars , then retype the word you are inserting and retype the deleted chars . another alternative , if you are typing in english or in one of the supported languages , you can try swype . swype is a word-based text input ( as opposed to character based ) , and you typically delete or swipe one word at a time and the correction mode ( double tap on the word you want to correct and pick or swipe the new word ) make correcting errors a breeze .
providing this as an answer for those who do not want to install a custom rom and want something close to the stock soft keyboard . i installed anysoft keyboard ( found it on this question ) . the android market does not have the current screenshots , but here 's one that shows the small left/right arrows at the top of the keyboard :
the samsung keyboard and the swype keyboard have arrow keys you can use for this ; see this question .
i am assuming that you want to move the data from the old card to the new one . . . before you replace your old sdcard , connect your device to your computer via usb cable and mount the sdcard so your computer can access the data . now copy all the data from the sdcard to your computer . once that is complete , put in the new sdcard and then mount the new sdcard . now you can copy the data from your old sdcard ( now stored on your desktop ) to your new sdcard . after you copy the data to the new sdcard , unmount it . then you can use a file manager like astro , to install them using the apk file as gathrawn stated . . .
connect your x10 to your computer with the old 8gb car installed and enable usb debugging with your pcs file manager copy the entire contents of your x10 's sd card to a temporary folder . change the cards so the 32gb is installed . copy the entire contents of the temp folder onto the new microsd . it will be an exact mirror of what you had before .
you should be able to use the apk itself to reinstall the app . create a temporary folder on your new sd card , you can call it anything you like ( such as " apk-install" ) and copy the apks into there . when you plug the new sd card , use a file manager ( download something like " astro file manager " if you have not got one already ) and browse to that folder . now if you run that apk file it should give you the option to install the app . ( i assume that you have already enabled the " allow install of non-market applications " option as you say that you have loaded non-market apps before ) . you are running eclair , so ( unless you have rooted ) i assume that you have not moved any of your installed apps to the sd card , but if you have remember to move them back into internal memory before you swap cards .
press the menu button and see if anything happens . count . if you are looking for a programmatic answer , you should be asking on stackoverflow .
you can disable these apps . this way the apps will not be running and will not be consuming any resources . you have not mentioned your android version , so here 's how you can disable an app in jelly bean , if you have another version of android just look around the setting may be somewhere else . Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; Select the app you want to disable -&gt; Disable  you have also not mentioned what app you are talking about . remember , this only works for system apps , and they will still take up space on internal memory . if you have a downloaded app , you may have to uninstall it .
i am using a third party app called es task manager , which allows me to manually enable and disable autostarting for the most apps as i can see so far . you did not say if your samsung is rooted or not so i need to mention that you need a rooted device to perform this via the task manager . it might also be possible to transfer not only user installed apps but system apps as well with link2sd while beeing on a rooted device . at least these system apps are shown by link2sd , but i never really tried that out .
encrypt phone only encrypts the /data partition . encrypting the sd card is a separate function and is not implemented in stock android . some manufacturers ( i know motorola and samsung do ) extend the encryption ( optionally . where you find " encrypt phone " , you will also find an " encrypt sd card " option ) to the sd card . i can not determine whether cyanogenmod implements such a function or if it may be device-specific .
are you using your main gmail password , or a 1-time use password . check out this link http://support.google.com/mail/answer/1173270?hl=en
ah , tcpdump . why did not i think of that before ?
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
i emailed htc and this was there response in case anyone is interested . " i understand you have a question about live wallpapers for your android device . i would be more than happy to assist you with this device feature inquiry . you mention that you would like to know whether a developer would have access to the area where you choose the wallpaper or scene for the home screen of your phone ? this question would be difficult to answer since this might require " rooting " or unlocking the boot loader of your phone possibly . " so as vague as it is , it seems like they are system files used for htc live wallpaper previews . i guess a scaled thumbnail is as good as it gets .
i had the same problem , an empty LOST.DIR appearing all the time , both on internal and external sd cards . the workaround i have implemented was using tasker for deleting it on device boot . it seems to be working so far .
lost . dir is just a storage space ( directory ) for files that were recovered upon boot . you can safetly remove it with no problems . the sysytem keeps it just in case you want to get your recovered currupted files back . a quick google search yielded : lost . dir - what is it ? as for preventing it from being created , just prevent the sd card from becoming corrupted . here are some things to keep in mind while using an sd card : always eject before removal never remove while files are being modified never remove from android device while device is on if you have your device connected to the computer , the sd card will usually automatically mount itself on the computer . remember to eject it before disconnecting the device . this thread has a ton of good info . basically the gist of it is , if you are following all of the precautions to keep the sd card from getting corrupted ( ejecting before removal , ect . . . ) then the sd card is partially incompatible with your device . if you move to a higher class sd card , the problem usually goes away on its own .
i found a workaround/hack to list them . when you open a file on the mountpoint the fuse fs handler will open it too . i used this information and i wrote a small c program that use proc to find source directories . if you are interested the project is hosted on github . regards , tux_mind .
android apps are not binaries . they are . apk 's , similar to java . jar files , and . dex or . odex files when in bytecode form . they are run in the dalvik virtual machine , again very similar to a java vm . you can launch an app from a shell as follows : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package name&gt;/&lt;activity name&gt;  for example , angry birds : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.rovio.angrybirds/com.rovio.ka3d.app  the name of the activity is found in the androidmanifest . xml file inside the . apk under //manifest/application/activity/@name . for google voice there are quite a few activities , and you may need to use other intents . i do not have sl4a . you can also disable apps temporarily with this : pm disable &lt;package name&gt;  and re-enable : pm enable &lt;package name&gt; 
i had the same problem ( after the latest update to dropbox 2.3.8 , the other day ) , however i had 8gb memory left ( and some 600mb internal ) . i had to uninstall the whole app to make dropbox work again . with the following steps : clear cache and remove data uninstall the app restart the phone reinstall the app files can be opened again . . . i also tried to locate the " com . dropbox . android"-folder per the information at the following page ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nexus7/comments/19i7bs/dropbox_permanent_failure/ ) , but that was after i had uninstalled the application and i could not find the folder ( which seems logic ) . i am running a htc desire z with android os 2.3.3 . hope this helps !
i had the same problem . it was solved after i unlinked my device from dropbox ( in dropbox settings ) and then re-linked it .
i had the same message but discovered it was because i was connected to a secure wifi network which did not like me accessing files from the dropbox app on my htc one . solution : disconnected from the wifi and used my 3g on my phone .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
i resolved this issue by reinstalling the app , but now that i think about it , this might have been caused by the fact that i had changed my password ( using the web interface ) but never told by phone app the new password .
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
as far as i know , nandroid uses the yaffs2 file system for storing backups inside the . img files . a quick search on google points to these instructions on extracting files from a nandroid backup : first you will need to download and build the " unyaffs " module : svn checkout http://unyaffs.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ unyaffs cd unyaffs gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c  then copy the image file off your phone 's nandroid directory and extract it : mkdir data &amp;&amp; cd data ~/src/android/unyaffs/unyaffs /[path-to-backup-folder]/data.img 
hopefully the mac version of pdanet for android will do this for you . there is a trial period , after which you need to buy it if you want to browse secure ( https:// &hellip ; ) sites . signing into gmail requires https , for example .
no , the otg marks to the phone it is otg and not normal cable the easy way is just to use a normal cable
this suddenly solved itself : what i did is to enable developer settings and suddenly it started working after about 10 minutes .
you should be able to add another account in google play on the devices that can be used for purchasing and downloading apps . you can even set a pin for it . with the google play store open : tap the settings button in the upper right-hand corner tap accounts tap add account and then ok go through the account setup and now you should be able to select that account to purchase and download apps .
some apps register with the " device administrator " to avoid accidental/unwanted de-installation ( e . g . child-protecting apps , so the child does not simply uninstall it -- also stuff which implements additional " rules " , such as ms exchange related apps ) . in this case , you need to remove them from the " device administrator " first : go to settings&rarr ; security&rarr ; device administrator and check if the app is listed there . if so , remove it from here . now you should be able to uninstall the app .
i had to download samsung 's usb drivers for this device from their support page . after you have the driver installed , when you plug in the device , windows search windows . com for updates and finds : Samsung mobile usb composite device Samsung-sgh-i317 Samsung mobile usb modem Samsung Android ADB Interface  now , the interface still shows the " connected as a media device " message , but adb devices list can see it .
no , you do not need anything unique . while it comes with something specific - it can charge off a usb in your computer ( or the wall outlet -> usb ) . ( source : i have the 2012 one ) sounds like you have other issues such as : bad/obstructed usb header - visually check the usb on your nexus for physical damage or blocks ( dust , debris , lint , etc ) bad usb cable - try an alternative cable or verify that cable in other devices if possible . there are complaints of the 2013 nexus 7 , mostly related to odd behaviors with touch . perhaps this could be another manifestation . . . though i somewhat doubt it . if you clarify further , that may help your cause : did it ever work normally - if so , has anything changed between then and now ( rooting , custom rom , etc ) ? what came in the box with it ? what did the manual tell you ? what else have you tried ? what do you mean " what is the deal with these android tablets ? " - have you found other evidence of issues or reported complaints ?
" i got a rather meaningful suggestion on another forum that " android os " is actually the low-level kernel , while " android system " is actually the higher-level os service layer " source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=10922010postcount=3
i do not know what the difference is between them , however , if you are asking the question because ' android os ' is using a large percentage of your battery life then you may have the ' android os drains battery ' bug .
other folks here have suggested that the issue may be with your sim card : recipients complain they receive text message from me with a half hour delay i was having a similar problem which was resolved when i reset my phone to factory settings ( for other reasons ) . it might be worth asking your carrier for a new sim , though . ps . this user asked about sms receipt delays -- a different but related question .
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
i did some digging around and found that this change was introduced in an update for gingerbread . it applies to all nexus devices starting from the nexus s ( except the nexus one since it comes pre-installed with facebook ) . the problem google has with facebook sync is the inability to port the data that facebook sync adds to the contacts , out of your device . here is an excerpt from their statement on this issue : since facebook contacts cannot be exported from the device , the appearance of integration created a false sense of data portability . facebook contact data will continue to appear within the facebook app . like all developers on android , facebook is free to use the android contacts api to truly integrate contacts on the device , which would allow users to have more control over their data . we are removing the special-case handling of facebook contacts on nexus s and future lead devices . techcrunch 's coverage on this : http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/22/google-android-facebook-contacts/ engadget 's coverage : http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/22/google-disables-contact-sync-in-facebook-for-android-only-nexus/ i am still trying to find the official statement on a google site . will update it here if i find it . also i want to know why google does not get all manufacturers to enforce this rule if it is part of core android policies .
according to a post in a google product forum : a sync between nexus devices and facebook is not possible by default . to get that information on your phone you will need to install a third party application that will sync the information to your phone . manufacturers like htc and samsung enabled this on their own for the people that bought their devices . an alternative to make this sync happen is to use a 3rd-party app like sync . me - sync for facebook : • full screen caller id - see your friends ' picture from facebook , linkedin or vkontakte when they call you and when you call them . • smart matching - matches automatically between your contacts to their social network profiles . • contact enrichment - magically update your contacts with missing details ( phone number , email , company , job title , address and website ) . • in-call experience - take your phone calls to the next level ! view your friend 's latest social network posts and photos during call . • birthday reminders - never forget your friends ' birthdays again ! create and share personalized greetings for any occasion . • me card - your ultimate contact and business card . choose how you appear in your friends ' and colleagues ' phones . edit your picture and details to keep them updated .
i have jelly bean 4.2.2 on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers
can it be that you only have a next button when there is more than one field on screen ? please add what program you are using when you see this .
this is quite normal on the default keyboard . the smiley should only shows if you are typing in a single-line textbox ( i.e. . it have been configured so you cannot add newline ) , and there is only a single textbox in the page , and the app did not bind custom functionality to it . is there a user configurable option to switch between smiley and next ? not as far as i know . the developer of the app you are currently using gets to decide the " type " of keyboard that is shown by default , and they can customize the action button . if yes , how to invoke ? try opening the browser , while on the browser , the smiley should turn into newline button ( e . g . on multiline form input ) , or go button ( on the address bar ) , or sometimes next button ( on pages that have multiple single-line input ) .
robot view can do this .
that logo in the background is the recovery mode , it looks like as if recovery binary died for some unknown reason , perhaps the update . zip is corrupted and it could not be parsed . might be worth a shot to use dsixda kitchen , to convert that update zip to a flashable zip that can be flashed , not using recovery 's update menu option , but choosing the file manually . but judging the youtubey , it looks recovery got b0rk3d up , you did not state if the handset is still able to boot normally in your posting ?
this is a known bug in the nexus s ' 4.0.3 firmware when you apply the i9020 update . zip to the i9023 model . background : the i9020 sports a self-illuminating amoled while the i9023 has a traditional lcd with a backlight . the recovery fails to switch on the backlight and the screen goes black . you probably downloaded the update . zip from google and did not use the official update method , right ? in short : the screen backlight of the i9023 model is off in recovery mode due to that bug but everything else just works here 's a thread on xda that covers just this . possible solutions to fix it : use a strong led flashlight and illuminate the lcd just for the installation of the 4.0.4 , see images below ( both show the same homescreen , except the left has a switched off backlight ) unlock your nexus s and install a working custom recovery ( guide )
one way is to ask the developer via the contact information provided in the application 's google play page . where an application or game has a free- or paid-version , you could just try the free version . unless it is stated in the description that the paid version actually supports higher resolutions , it is usually a safe assumption that if the free version looks a certain way , the paid version will look similar . a final way is to simply buy the application and try it within the 15 minute refund period . if you are not pleased with the way the application or game is formatted for your screen , simply refund it . keep in mind , though , that you are only allowed to refund an app once . if you re-install it after refunding , you will no longer have the option to refund and will be billed immediately .
while not universally accurate , the easiest way to tell is to find apps with " hd " in the title ; this is almost universally meant to mean " tablet optimized " . this is most commonly done with games . hopefully in the future the market is sorted better and apps are developed better for tablets , but there currently is no sorting/filtering option or easy way to check if something is tablet optimized or not . the amazon app store is also a good place to look ; all those apps are vetted to work well on the 7 inch kindle fire . not the same size as the tf prime but you can be sure they are not only designed for phones .
unfortunately at the moment is not possible filter the market by device resolution and maybe it will be never done , because google does not test all apps and it relies on what publisher says . in addition could be not only a problem of resolution , sometimes the tegra 2/3 chips are not still well supported by apps developer , or the problem could be related to ics too . i have an asus transformer ( 1280x800 ) and here are the rules that i try to follow before spending money on market : as already suggested , if there is a free version of an app i try it first to check if is fully compatible with my tablet ; i always read the recent changelog to see if there are fixes especially targeted to ics or tablets/hd devices ; i check the user reviews through google play website , so i can use my device filter to check reviews related to it : in addition , if i look for tablets-ready apps , i check the page featured android apps for tablets ; you can do similar research through website dedicated to app reviews that support tablet filtering ( like , for example , androidtapp ) hope it helps !
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
you can try this tool called framaroot . the author confirmed that it worked for lg optimus l7 ii variant ( p710/p713/p714/p715 ) . the process is straightforward .
kingo android root . it is an installer for windows . just plug-in your phone with the usb cable and run the wizard . framaroot did not work for me . so , i tried that one .
have you tried going to device manager and right-clicking the top of the tree and selecting " detect hardware changes " ? maybe your " shell hardware detection " service is not running or not running right ? or are there any exceptions on the usb controllers of the system in your device manager ?
try installing " adb " drivers without them pc wont detect android phone you can easily find it at adb driver . com
i use all 3 methods and prefer usb tethering if possible . some notes on each : usb tethering exclusive for one device ( there is only 1 cable ) charges the phone safe ( network is not exposed wirelessly ) no driver needed ( recent macs/win/linux ) best speed and latency ( usb 2.0 has 480mbit/s ) tethers any active connection on the phone ( wifi , 3g ) wifi tethering more than one client at once possible wifi chip may draw extra power in this mode easy and well known setup on clients no strings attached :- ) bluetooth tethering does not draw extra power when enabled can be enabled 24/7 capps speed at respective bt speed ( 2mbit ? ) it is really ok ( speedwise ) for surfing i tether my pc via usb ( most of the time to a wifi network ] , my tablet tethers via bt primarily , but i switch to wifi as needed too . i use this app to automatically enable bt tethering on my nexus phone . the " bt tethering always on " is very cool when i am on a train and use my tablet : no need to enable ( and remembering to afterwards disable ) wifi tethering , the phone just stays in my pocket .
in my experience , bluetooth tethering ( using bluetooth garden ) has been problematic . it disconnects too often , or can not open certain sites . usb tethering ( via clockworkmod tether ) was ok . this way , my phone would be charging while providing internet to my laptop . downside is i needed to install a program ( not an issue , because the program is safe ) on my laptop . another downside is i could not tether another device ( like a tablet ) to the phone . turning my phone into a hotspot , was a better choice . i could surf with little issues . i could connect my tablet or laptop to the phone via wifi . however , this drained my battery quickly . i would occasionally fix this by plugging my phone to an outlet with a charger .
i believe this is a " feature " of the new jelly bean camera . you probably will not be able to change it without resorting to using another camera app ( like camera zoom fx ) or installing a custom rom .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
have you tried these : adb shell getprop ro.product.device adb shell getprop ro.product.model adb shell getprop ro.product.name  edit : upon re-reading the question , it seems that my suggestion is not applicable . i trust that you have a stock recovery ? if so , connect it to pc while in recovery mode and do the following over adb : adb shell cat default.prop  if default.prop still does not give you what you want , i am really sorry but i can not think of any other solution than to look for a stock firmware .
these instructions are courtesy of arco68 over at xda-developers , who is also the person behind the software downloads linked here . all credit to him/her ! now do not be fooled by how few steps arco68 's instructions have ; you will need about half an hour to do this if you have not done this before , i reckon , if you want to be careful and not rush it . as a prerequisite , download samsung kies and make sure that the drivers for your phone are installed correctly . otherwise , odin tool will not read your s4 mini properly . download the odin tool and the clockworkmod recovery to your windows pc . extract both of these archives . download the rootkit gt-i9195_rootkit_v2 . zip to your device 's sd card . do not extract it . place it in the root folder . turn off the phone . press and hold home , volume down and power simultaneously . the phone will turn on and you will see the following screen : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; connect the usb cable . press volume up . the screen changes to this : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; ( the fields i blurred out will say something like " original " initially , can not quite remember ) run the odin tool you unzipped in step 1 . uncheck F. Reset Time . click the AP button . in the dialog that appears , select the " recovery-clockwork-6.0.3.7-serranoltexx . tar . md5" file that you extracted in step 1 . before you continue , read this step in full because it requires quick action . first you take the phone in your hand . then you get ready to press and hold volume up and home as soon as the phone vibrates . if you are only a second too slow you will have to repeat from step 3 ( see below ) . now that you are ready to press and hold volume up and home , click the Start button in the odin tool . it only takes a few seconds before the phone vibrates . feel the vibration and immediately press and hold volume up and home . once the phone shows the s4 logo with the words " recovery booting " , you may release the buttons . if you did everything right , you will see this screen : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; but if you see a black screen like this : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; then you have messed up – power off the phone and continue from step 3 . using the volume up/down keys and the home key , select " install zip " , " choose zip from sdcard " , then "0/" , then the zip file " gt-i9195_rootkit_v2 . zip " that you saved to the sd card in step 2 . the zip will be installed and you will be told that your warranty is now void ( which is not necessarily the case , of course ) . you may now reboot and enjoy your rooted s4 mini ! when you choose to reboot , you will be asked " rom may flash stock recovery on boot . fix ? " i suggest you choose no because you do not really need clockworkmod anymore ( although i think i pressed " no " and clockworkmod remains installed regardless ) . for the record , the reason i am posting this here is that i did not even realise i got the wrong screen in step 10 , so i wasted a whole hour messing around with it . but i can not post this tip on xda due to their draconian requirements for posting replies . so i thought i would just write up instructions in such a way that others can edit them here .
there is a guide on rooting xperia s ics and gb over at xdas . not having any xperia device , i cannot verify -- but the comments on the thread confirm it working . it does not even require the bootloader to be unlocked . requirements for that method : windows net framework 3.5 or later preparation : application settings : [ unknown sources ] checked {allowed} application settings : development [ usb debugging ] checked {allowed} application settings : development [ stay awake ] checked {allowed} settings -> display settings [ screen timeout ] set to 30 minutes if your screen goes off just once then you won’t be able to return to the installation properly . very important ! ! please think about your battery and try to keep the display brightness to a minimum . please use a regular picture for the background . do not use the default live wallpaper . charge the xperia s’s battery to 80% . use the generic ch ( 1257-3740 ) xperia s lt26i rom ( 6.1 . a . 0.452 ) . can be found here along with the latest flastool link : xda fileserver net framework 3.5 or later gingerbread part 1 and part 2 it also mentions a root toolkit . installation process : flash gingerbread firmware wiping data and cache only if you are not on gingerbread run step 1 . bat install ice cream sandwich without wiping anything run step 2 . bat to enter cwm recovery you have to tap on sony logo at start few times . if it does not root properly first time run it again thanks to bin4ry for the files alternative : unlocking the bootloader an alternative method involves the sdk , and is described at androidpit ( german ; google translate 2 english here ) . this method , however , involves unlocking the bootloader -- so be aware of sony 's harsh politics when it comes to warranty in this case .
ok , at last , the mighty user of xda , bin4ary , has released a very nice and easy toolkit to root ics jb roms of most sony phones , including xperia s . i used the tool and easily rooted my phone . very fast and painless . no need to flash or unlock bootloader or anything . if you are also interested , this is the page on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460
that is a pre-destined case for apps like opensignal , which are designed for mapping signals around you . network signal info offers it as well . both tools can be used to get a coverage map for wifi and mobile signal , and also offer you to log signal strength .
go to menu > settings > applications > manage applications > your current launcher and tap Clear data button . then , after pressing " home " button , a dialog should pop out , asking you , which application should be used to complete the task . if this will not work try reinstalling the application . and do not move it to sd card ; - )
you can use default app manager lite or pro . it can solve your problem .
a smartphone 's most limited resource is its battery . this means phones are specifically designed to survive power losses . and imagine a hang up with a subsequent reboot would brick with some probability . how many complaints would that cause ? so the answer is simple : just try out to switch your battery . if it works : fine .
does your user manual have any prohibitions about removing the battery while plugged in ? that would be my first point of information . and i probably would not try it myself , but that is just me . the issue is that you have no idea of whether the folks who designed the charge circuit accounted for this or not , and you do not know how they did the charging circuit , so you do not know for sure whether it is safe or not to try it . i am guessing that it will not hurt your phone because the designer should be doing something safe for the ' battery goes missing ' case . i also would not be surprised if the phone either just cut out , or went into it is ' oh noez , the battery is out of juice ' routine and turned itself off right away .
it is device dependent , if the manufacturer can fit in the circuitry to use the wall charger without the battery then yes you had be able to do that . most laptops can run without batteries , i doubt many smartphone does though ; phones are primarily designed to be used while on the go , while laptops are more likely to be plugged in . a safe test is to shutdown the phone normally , plug the phone into charger , and pull out the battery , then try booting up the phone with only wall charger . if you can boot up , then it is 90% likely that you will be able to pull out the battery while it is running without causing a reboot . is it safe to swap the battery without shutting down ? if the phone does not have the appropriate circuitry , it will be no less safe than just unplugging the battery . there is no moving parts in a mobile phone and all modern hardware are designed such that complete loss of power will just reinitialize the hardware as if it is just booting up . therefore the only possible damage you can do is to the file system . modern journalled file systems are designed to be able to withstand power loss . if you are using journaled filesystem , e.g. ext3 or ext4 , then your data should be safe ; if using unjournalled filesystem , e.g. fat or ext2 , then there is a small chance of file system corruption .
this feature is supported on the samsung galaxy nexus . i routinely change out batteries while the phone is plugged in to the wall charger . the only issue i have noticed is that the battery level does not update to the new level right away , but instead slowly increases over time .
i just tried this on two phones , a samsung galaxy 551 and a samsung galaxy s . it does not work . the phones typically just shut off . however , one time the galaxy s did not shut off right away but i was not able to put the battery back in before it shut off . my google nexus s is made so that you can not even take the back cover off without unplugging it . i suspect that this is simply not a supported feature in most phones and that you are not likely to find that it works anywhere . not to mention the fact that power-loss may damage components or corrupt data . this is one reason why the phone monitors the battery life and shuts down if there is not enough battery power .
just for completeness sake i want to share that i have operated my old lg gt 540 countless times with the battery removed , while the usb cable is plugged in . i can power it up on in these situations ( and run cwm ) . so i guess that there might be more lg android phones with similar circuitry . since i have upgraded to my new galaxy s2 , i have been too reluctant to try it out .
i had the same problem , and solved it by simply re-setting the " screen timeout " option in display settings . it seems some app messed it up .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
try dictadroid , the highest ranked voice recorder on google play . just set the recording capacity setting to " unlimited " .
i use pcm recorder and it will record until it consumes entire storage space . also , i am able to use the phone for other tasks and pcm recorder seems to keep recording in background , which is cool . i can even lock the phone and there by switch off the display which makes the drain on battery to very minimal , in par with the stock voice recorder application .
the official calendar app , just like google maps , youtube , etc . , has been an independent app from the android stock rom and published on google play . which means you can just download it via google play
i am going to assume you did this using a rooted phone . if that is the case , you should be able to find someone who has calendar app , and manually push that to system/app and fix permissions .
has your calendar app really been wiped ? ( try adding it as a shortcut from the app drawer . ) you can sometimes download an application from your handset manufacturer for your pc which provides a feature like " emergency firmware recovery " . this should allow you to install the latest official release of android .
the tags are stored through the media 's content provider . in layman 's terms , the content-provider is a way of android interacting with a database backing store . the location can be found in this directory : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases  which is sqlite3 database that has the following information stored in it , or rather , a combination of certain columns , not all of them , due to the way developers can optionally add the fields of the data to be stored . ( if you are un-rooted you will not be able to list the database - if someone can clarify this , just checked on europa gt-i5500 which is unrooted and issuing ls fails ) if you have a look at this document that details the columns used in the database for the media ( that is a generic columns that is a de-facto within the database ) , it is combined with this other information ( now at this stage , your brain is probably turned to mush looking at it but the pertinent information is in the column names which is found in the database ) as for the ' tag ' field you are referring to , quite simply , android does not store them , there are replacement apps that replaces the stock version of the gallery with extras such as the ' tag ' field you are referring to . the most it can hold was the latitude/longitude/display name of the image and a picasa id in which it may get uploaded to depending if picasa is enabled with your account .
yes . your in-app subscriptions attached with that card will be disturbed . and , an app developer would be unable to refund money if you have purchased that app using that card ( but , this is solved by contacting google support ) . but , you will not lose any purchased apps . even pending purchases will not be affected if you attach a new card with the account . otherwise , it would be cancelled .
of course not . the only way the would be affected is if they were still pending purchases . i have removed a card previously and all my apps were still intact . your purchases are linked to your account , not to your cards . however common sense still applies . if you have in-app subscriptions set up on the card that you have removed , than the next charge will fail .
mms messages can only be received by your carrier 's internet service ( 3g , 4g , etc . ) . sadly the capabilities to do this over wi-fi are not available yet , hopefully they are working on a fix for this !
i solved this by turning off wifi on my phone . not sure why having wifi turned on would be a problem , but i do not get any skipping when wifi is off .
impossible to predict what their techs would do . theoretically they certainly can deny repair service on bootloader-unlocked phones , since it clearly says that you are voiding your warranty when unlocking the device : important information please note that you may void the warranty of your phone and/or any warranty from your operator if you unlock the boot loader . sony ericsson can then no longer guarantee the full functionality of your phone , and will not be responsible for any unsigned custom software being flashed to the phone after the boot loader is unlocked . . . . however , unlike the carriers ( who 100% always check the bootloader status , ) manufacturers have been known to turn a blind eye on this from time to time . for example , i have sent my atrix 4g to motorola for repairs twice after unlocking its bootloader . both times their techs repaired the device , and even re-locked the bootloader for me . htc is also known to be lenient towards repairing unlocked handsets . you can always try calling sony 's support department and anonymously ask where they stand on repairs for bootloader-unlocked handsets . you may not like their answer though .
i have the same problem , can you try putting the certificate into the " system certificates " as shown here : http://nblock.org/2011/09/03/how-to-update-the-android-certificate-store/ i do not have a linux system on hand at the moment , so i cannot really try it out . let me know if it works !
i was looking into the same issue , and it was answered on xda http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2537794 in short - it is possible if your phone is rooted to move the certificate to the system section . very annoying that it is not possible to exclude certificates from this warning - it only produces noise when i know that the cert is ok to use .
it is worth a try to for ! at the card fat32 , then attempt to move the app again . i know however that some applications are not built for use from an sd card so it could be application specific also . to see if this is the problem attempt to move different applications and see if the same error occurs . let me know how it goes .
try factory setting option in settings . if it doesnt work , try updating it to next version os and again root it if necessary . i would suggest to just root it again it may happen that rooting process is not been completely successfull .
passpack mobile is not a standalone app , but a nice mobile interface to your existing passpack account . i use passpack all the time on the desktop , but have not really gotten used to using it in my phone 's browser .
i have been using keepass with dropbox ( just put your keepass file in a dropbox folder ) . it is worked well so far , but i have not been using it on android for long .
i use splashid . used if for many years with my palm diveces - different models . and when i was looking for a program to keep my passwords with me on my phone , i was very pleased that splashdata had an android version so i was able to keep my complete list of passwords ! all in all this tells me that this company is a ) still in business - for many years now , and b ) they follow the market and operating systems - a big plus if you ever switch device . and the fact that they have a windows desktop program with a very cool synchronization build in , makes it even better . the synchro works so easy , you turn on wifi , you start the program both on the desktop and on the phone , and choose syncro . the android version will recognize the splashid program running on the pc . in fact , yt will show a list of all pc 's running the desktop version of splashid . you select the pc name in the list on the phone , and press synchro . all in all , very quick and very easy . that is is how such a system should be .
splashid is outstanding . i like it because it has a desktop component , so you can easily manage your passwords on a human-sized keyboard . synchs with droid when both are on the same wi-fi network . is very accessible on the phone too .
i use lastpass and the dolphin browser add-on on my phone and the desktop app with chrome and ff extensions on my computer . i really like the way it works on the desktop . with the dolphin add on it is very easy to fill in login info , however there is no easy prompt to save the password like there is on the desktop version ( and like the dolphin browser does by default ) . the other drawback is that i have set a very complicated master password which is a pain to type in android . i have set lastpass to save my master so it is pretty easy to use but not as secure . the main app has a cool feature that lets you set a pin for the mobile use but this does not translate over to the dolphin extension . the other benefit to lastpass is that they just bought xmarks which is a good service , and i like keeping things consolidated when i can .
roboform also has an android client which allows you to login to sites from within the native android browser . the caveat however , is that you must store your credentials on the roboform servers using their roboform online service . there is currently no edit or update ability within the application . this is a high priority to add in a future update .
no . favouriting a file in dropbox for android is like " pinning " in some other software : it downloads the file to the device and keeps it there so you can access it offline . i do not use the ipad version , but i assume it has the same effect there . since you might want different files on different devices ( for example , you might want a lot of pdfs or videos on a tablet with a bigger screen and more storage to put them on ) , favouriting a file only applies to the device you do it on .
most probably it looks like a os issue , might be firmware related , might be kernel related . have you tried a factory reset ? or sometimes even a reboot might clear things up . if 4.1 is not working well for you , you can always downgrade by flashing an older firmware via odin . get you firmwares from http://samfirmware.com . you will need to register in order to download files from there .
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
this answer will be updated along the process . so for now , it just holds initial steps / a raw solution . there are several things you can try to get your device back to working normal . i will list some steps ; just break as soon as anything came back to normal : in that case you will not need to walk the remaining steps unless the last step taken explicitly mentions something alike : battery check take out the battery , leave it out for at least 30s ( 2min will not hurt , more should not be necessary ) . insert battery again , but do not yet switch on your phone . fully charge your phone on ac ( not usb from a computer ) . switch it on again . if it is working now , everything 's fine and you are done . faulty apps check shut down your phone start it in " safe mode " ( how to do that depends on the device ; on the sgs2 this should be accomplished as follows : press power and menu , then release the power key but keep pressing the menu button . the word " safe mode " will be displayed on lower left if i am not mistaken . -- source : lowyat .net; i have no sgs2 so i cannot verify ) none of your self-installed apps will be started in safe mode , only system apps are available . check if the behaviour changed ( i guess not , but it is a good point to know for the last group below ) . while in safe mode , try to backup as much things as you can reach . if already on android 4.0 or higher , see full backup of non-rooted devices for how to safe the most of your precious stuff , but better stick to separate small packages ( backup on a per-app basis , as restoring the full package later might bring the problem back ) . on rooted devices , titanium backup is probably the best choice . this was just an intermediate step ; even if your phone is working normally in safe mode , this will not have fixed the issue for " normal operation " , so go on . factory reset do a factory reset of your device ( warning : all your data and self-installed apps will be lost from the device , hence the backup recommendation above ; your sd card should not be affected , but it cannot hurt to copy all its data to your computer as a backup before doing the factory reset ) startup the device again . before installing all your apps again , make sure the issue has been fixed by the reset . if your device is back to normal , you can go on re-installing your apps / restoring your backups app-by-app . between each app , make sure to test a while : if any of the apps was the cause , you might otherwise bring the problem back by restoring the " faulty " backup . if that happens , remember which app it was ; start over from step 3.1 . and ommit this app in the next run . if you have restored everything , and your device is still working normal : congratulations , you are done ! if the issue still remains , it has to be some hardware issue . could be the battery is broken , so next i would go to your local dealer ( best the one where you have bought it ) , and try with a " spare battery " from his store . explain the reasons , including the results from the " safe mode check " , and also that you have already tried a factory reset ( because that is the first thing he will do otherwise ) . if the new battery solves you issue : buy it : ) if not , next step : if you still have warranty , send it in for repair ( or let the " local dealer " handle this for you ) . make sure all details ( including results from the " safe mode check " and the fact you already tried a factory reset without this solving your problem ) are included with the report . if you do not have warranty anymore , ask the dealer what a repair might cost . it could be cheaper to simply buy a new phone . . .
this may sound odd , but there are not very many android viruses . my android system still has never caught a virus and i spend a lot of time on the internet . you may be better not having android anti-virus applications .
i have installed avatarrom on my phone , partly because of this problem , reinstalled kaspersky and since then it works .
i believe this is because the astro file manager sees it as a connection instead charge only . when you connect the charger , pull down the top notification menu -> click on the usb icon -> change the settings to " usb charge only " this should fix it
actually there is a way to do just that in tasker , basically you can simply set the screen timeout to 15secs once the screen turns off ( which usually is the trigger to turn the lockscreen on : ) ) and there also is an event which is called display unlocked ( which is lockscreen unlocked ) and with that simply turn the screen timeout back to whatever u choose , i.e. 30 minutes .
i just found a simple way to reduce the display timeout while on lock screen ( in case you just want to wake the device , see what time it is , and then want it to lock itself more quickly than your android sleep timeout setting ) : condition : securesettings - failed login attempts 1 and tick the " invert " box . action : display timeout ( put your desired seconds here ) . this profile will detect the lock screen and not look for any failed attempt and will turn off the screen with your desired timeout . note that this condition requires secure settings plugin to be installed .
you could watch out for an automation solution . i e.g. use tasker for a lot of things like that ( yeah , it is eur 5 -- but you can obtain a free 7-day trial at the project page , and according to the dev even make it work another 7 days by exporting its settings , uninstall , reinstall , import settings ) . rawly described : you combine events/conditions with tasks . in your case , you had e.g. set the default timeout to 30s , and have tasker take care for specialities : profile " reading": condition : app running ( browser , ebook-reader , . . . -- make your choices ) task : set screen timeout to 2min ( automatically reverts when condition is no longer met ) profile " lockscreen": condition : [ screenlock on ] task : timeout 15s you have got the idea . unfortunately ( as indicated by the square brackets ) , tasker seems to have no condition for " screenlock active " ( or i did not find it ) , so this might require some addon ( locale addons are compatible ) . nevertheless , you have got the idea -- and there are other automation solutions out there on the playstore which might do the job to your liking , and even may be cheaper . i would look out for addons , then check llama - location profiles etc . as well .
the apps you are referring to are system apps - that is , they were not sideloaded ; they were integrated into the operating system . removal involves having root access and deleting the corresponding ( cryptically named ) app in /system/app , but i strongly recommend you to stick to a disable option if available - sometimes system apps depend on other system apps in order to function properly . you might end up soft-bricking your phone if you accidentally delete an important app .
there is no simple answer to the question , " why do programs crash sometimes ? " the error message you see tells you that an app has crashed , just like when a program crashes on a desktop computer . usually this indicates a bug ( programming error ) in the app or in one of the libraries included in the app ( e . g . an ad network , or a library for accessing a particular web service ) . the bug might always happen when you try to do a particular action , or it might be caused by being in a particular state . for example , a calendar app might have a bug that only happens when you create an event on the first of the month , in a month that already contains an event . if the bug is triggered by particular circumstances , clearing the data or cache for that app might make the bug go away until the same circumstance arise again . sometimes , the app itself might be correct but the crash caused by a programming error in android itself . the app might be relying on android to behave in a particular way , and if android does the wrong thing , that could later cause the app to crash . similarly , the crash might be caused by hardware problems : if the phone overheats , the hardware might compute the wrong answers sometimes . in the first instance , you should report a crash to the developer of the app that crashes . android 's crash-report process will automatically include relevant information with the report , to help the developer see what is wrong . even if the problem turns out not to be their fault , they will know the right place to report it , and might be able to suggest a workaround you can use to avoid the problem . if you do not report a crash , it probably will not get fixed .
it is an hardware issue that is easy to fix : charging is done with the usb cable . my answer is to cut the wire of the usb cable . or more simply , you can " cut " the courant by placing a tape or any other non conducting material on the appropriate pin . the spec of usb are easy to find , eg http://www.kineteka.com/microusb-b.aspx
as far as i know , batteries will not fry on constant charging . they chips in them that control overcharging and low charge . so they will not die easyly . i am using my desire just like you explained for almost 2 years and it is just like the first day , i need to charge it every day : )
i would not worry about it . lithium ion batteries used in most ( all ? ) modern phones are not as sensitive to " top-off " charging as nicd batteries , which have " memory " and stop accepting a full charge . searching " lithium ion battery " on this site will bring up many discussions , such as this one .
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
if you want your phone to not turn on in your pocket but still be able to have someone find your phone and identify it as yours , here 's what i recommend . set your phone background message ( the text that can display on your phone lock screen once enabled or edited ) to your name and email address . anyone who finds your phone can then contact you if they do not just want to steal it . enable a pass code , pattern lock , or password on your phone . you will never be able to disable the emergency call option from your lock screen ( unless you install a custom rom ) , but this should help cut down on the butt dials and other issues .
in the people application press the drop down next to phonebook and you can fine tune your contacts better . i had the phone tag checked and not the all contacts checked . i opted to switch to all contacts and have my phone filter out those without phone numbers automatically . the alternative is to add a phone tag to each contact i want in my phone .
onik is correct in suggesting the built in task switcher but if you search " task switcher " in the market you will find a number of apps that might help , i suggest picking something light weight and intuitive . from personal experience i can easily suggest quickdesk or wave launcher . quickdesk will bring up a virtual home screen whenever/wherever . you can assign your favourite apps , shortcuts etc and it can show a scrollbar of recently run apps . i recently switched to wave launcher and love it . it is highly configurable , light and intuitive , mimicking the gesture activate ribbon in palm 's webos . with a flick of your thumb or finger , you can bring up your favourite app , a recently run app , shortcut , or app draw overlay , all without leaving your current app ( as long as you back out of whatever you are in ) . it is regulary updated and has brought many new features and improvements . take a little time to experiment and tweak it and i thin you will be very happy . best of luck .
case #1: you can get back to recently used apps by holding down the home key until a menu appears , and then selecting the app you want to return to . case #2: press the home button and open your dictionary app , and then use the method in #1 to return to messaging . this works if you do not have too many apps open , since the memory is limited and if you open too many apps , android will close them from the background . the important distinction is that the home key does not quit the app but exists to the launcher , and the back button exits the app .
i was in the same boat as you . wanted tasker , did not want to root my app . after downloading it , i did it find it fairly limiting without a root because as matthew read said , it basically only allows you to do the things that any other app could do . so unless your requirement are some niche thing that you wanted , there is probably an app that does it for you anyway . some of the things that can not be done without a root include turning gps on / off toggling 3g on / off setting cpu speed dpad ( allows you to script the phone like it was being used ) turn the screen on reboot the phone i mainly got tasker as i thought i could optimize the battery life on my phone but without those settings , there is not that much i can really do . still worth the 2 bucks though , been great learning playing with it . and maybe down the line , i will go and root my phone . edit - this answer is only for ics and above . not sure what it would be if you were still on gingerbread
the simple answer is that it requires root to do things that would require root if they were not automated by tasker and you were doing them manually . tasker is irrelevant . edit : turning on/off gps does not require root . apps must be able to do it , because power widget can . as for the lock screen , i think what you read must have actually referred to the keyguard ( the " swype to unlock " screen ) . the phone is not locked the same way as it is with a pattern/password when the keyguard is on ; it is just to prevent accidentally keypresses , not for security . tasker can disable the keyguard .
i am not sure what you are talking about , tasker does not require root for any of its features . from their website : this simple concept profoundly extends your control of your android device and it is capabilities , without the need for ' root ' or a special home screen .
does not the x10 have very unique camera software ( an original interface for viewing pictures ) ? i would not know because i do not have one , but i thought that was the case . it looks like the camera software has some sort of bug at lines 124 and 202 in its gridactivity . sending this error report to the manufacturer ( sony ) along with how you got it ( like bryan denny said ) would be very helpful to them . unfortunately , it looks like its one photo at a time for now .
have tried launcherpro ? the paid version has widgets that look a lot like sense ' widgets . as far as i know , you can not just change the dock of sense and keep the rest of the launcher . you had have to completely change to a new launcher .
unfortunately , no . the " dock " is part of the entire launcher and " home screens " . they are , all the " same application " . but there are widgets like most of the widgets that htc sense has . if you really do not like it that much , you should be able to find replacement widgets for the ones you like that work with other launchers like launcher pro , go launcher , or adw launcher , for example .
you can change the sense ' skin ' ( menu -> personalize -> skin ) , which at least changes the dock 's style , but i am afraid if you want to keep the sense widgets you are stuck with the sense launcher and its dock .
it looks like ebookdroid has this functionality . the pdf reader in documents to go looks like it might , too .
you need to reset the bootmode . this can be easily done with fastboot . execute the following commands : fastboot -i 0\xd71949 oem idme bootmode 4000 fastboot -i 0\xd71949 reboot 
new ( manual ) contacts should get backed up if your gmail account is linked , and they should show up in your gmail contacts . but my old ones ( on sim and phone before email was linked ) did not . i had to copy the ones from my sim and phone to my sdcard by going into contacts ( people ) then menu -&gt; export to sd ( as for example SIM.vcf ) . and after that menu -&gt; import to ( my email ) linked gmail address . and i just told it to import all vcf files on the sd . and that was it , they were now all in my gmail contacts .
do not store your contacts on the sim card . there is no advantage in doing so . modern smartphones are usually only able to import/export contacts stored on the sim card . the contact app from android 4.0 on provides a feature which lets you import your contacts form sim card to either google contacts ( which i highly recommend ) or simply local phone contacts . Open Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Import/export &gt; Import from SIM card furthermore the " messaging " app of android 4.0 is able to mange the text messages stored on the sim card .
is there some specific purpose or feature that would necessitate using the sim ? if you have an android phone then presumably you have a google account . any contacts added to your google phone will by sync'd automatically to the signed in google account unless you turn that function off . why not just use google to manage them ? then you can keep your sim and sd card free of unneeded data and if you lose or trade up your phone you never lose your contacts . they would still exist in google . plus you can sign into gmail to manage contacts that way .
for managing your sim contacts you can try sim contacts manager .
i wanted to delete some contacts on my sim card on my htc sensation . i tried and tried and it did not work . so i took out my old nokia phone and it can read and write to the sim card . deleted the contacts i did not want . it worked .
the default ( well , default on my samsung galaxy s - i guess default in android does not mean much ) contact manager can do a part of this . when creating a new contact , it gives the option of storing it on the sim , phone memory , or a linked account ( like google ) . there is the option of copying contacts from sim to phone or phone to sim ( contacts-> menu-> more -> copy contacts ) . import/export is in the same spot . i know these suggestions are not quite what you are looking for . i do not know if contacts can be stored on a sim card in different ways depending on the phone . from what i have seen the software that comes with android phones might ( depending on manufacturer ) let you move contacts around .
skype for android has a couple versions . most are wifi-only , so you would be able to use them no problem except that the g1 is not in skype 's list of supported devices , so you will not find it in the market . looks like it is verizon-exclusive . the newest version will not run on your phone even if you grab it pseudo-legally ; i am not sure about older versions . skype 's api agreement also prohibits other apps from making skype calls , as far as i am aware . fring used to support skype , for example , but had to remove that feature due to threats from skype .
what country are you in ? skype have only got an exclusive deal with verizon in the us , outside the us it is not restricted to any carrier afaik . if you go to an international version of the skype site , like http://www.skype.com/intl/en/get-skype/on-your-mobile/download/skype-for-android there is a different skype app that will work on any android 2.1 phone ( even if you manage to download it in the us , it may do further checks to see if you are in the us or not once installed ) . also if you search in the android market from a non-us phone ( that is running at least android 2.1 ) you should be able to find this official skype app . see here for more on the differences between the skype apps .
skype was usable on fring but a disagreement between them stopped this , a bit of pressure on fring may make this possible again
try clearing your calendar data ( settings -> applications -> calendar -> clear data ) . if that does not work then you might have to resort to a factory reset . ( if you have to go this route then there are lots of options for backing up your data before hand to minimize the pain )
i would say that this would be somewhat of a " driver " issue . it seems that your home cinema system does not know what your device is and it cannot connect to it . i would try seeing if there is a firmware update for the system ( if it supports firmware updates ) . it recognizes the blackberry because they have been around for so long , and they probably use the same driver to communicate with just about any blackberry .
i had not done a factory reset . once i had done this , it took about 2 minutes to boot up !
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
i use the dropsync ( comp . ttxapps . dropsync ) app to keep full synchronization on my big dropbox which i have shared on several computers and several android devices . i have rarely had problems getting large volumes of files per directory trees in my dropbox handled . the only issue i have encountered is when the particular device had a default bandwidth limit applied , which i generally reset to unlimited .
as answered here , you can use file explorers such as es file explorer to achieve this functionality .
sync is not possible and the " download folder " function is also missing on android . you can support this feature request : https://www.dropbox.com/votebox/2133/android-download-upload-folders
it looks like the only way to do this would be to use a custom launcher . i have found three options that have this capability . nova launcher prime ( $4.00 ) apex launcher pro ( $3.99 ) holo launcher plus ( $3.99 ) there is also a free holo launcher , but i do not think it has the customizable tabs .
according to oneclickroot , their tool is supposed to work for the lg motion 4g . you can download the tool from their site , and they even offer a " remote rooting service " . in addition to that tool , you will need the appropriate drivers for your device , which you can e.g. find here . having that installed , it should be as easy as : start the tool , connect your device , click to root . another rooting guide is offered by androidforums ( the article links all software needed , including the drivers ) , which uses the o4x tool from the xda developers ( i used this succesfully on my o4x -- seems like it also works on your motion 4g ) . steps included are also pretty easy : having installed the drivers , unpacked o4x , and the additional *is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk* from the xda post , you go to settings&rarr ; security on your motion , and tick unknown-sources . in settings&rarr ; developer options you enable usb-debugging . then you install and open IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk , and finally restart your device . once phone turns back on ( should be running slow ) connect your phone to your computer through usb ( charging only ) . open the command prompt and enter cd C:\o4xr , then type root . next wait for the script to run and your phone will reboot ; when that happens uninstall the systembackuptest app . do not open it , or you will have to repeat the entire procedure : )
you will really struggle finding a way to root a tablet running ics , especially a ' no brand ' one . i have had the same issue with an arnova gbook . unfortunately , the answer to your question is that it would be very difficult , and maybe even impossible , unless a new ics root exploit comes out , as google patched the main one in android 4.0 .
if you do not know what device you have , it is hard to get any assistance . without any warranties of success , and without assuming any responsability by what may happen to your device , i can suggest that you visit unlockroot , known to work with tons of devices , may became a solution for yours . the process is done with three steps : your device must be in usb debugging mode . turn it on , go to settings-> applications-> development and check the box . （ look here ） connect your device to your pc , run unlockroot . exe . click " unlock root " , enjoy ! and it is reported to work quiet well , see last entry labeled " what are the risks of rooting ? " . the faq section is also quiet useful . read the documentation from the website and proceed at your own risk .
the answer can be found in the backup tag-wiki . in short : adb backup is the newer file based backup scheme introduced in android 4.0 . it creates a backup of the file system tree and files . better explanation would be it is a logical backup , as files are mainly grouped by apps . side-effect is that files not having a clear relation might be missing from such a backup . it is secure , because you need to unlock the lockscreen first to proceed and one can also encrypt the backups themselves . backups can be done online . this method allows finer-grained control over what gets backuped and restored . nandroid backup is the older partition based concept , i.e. it creates images of the file systems ( think of norton ghost or rather the dd linux tool to have something to compare with ) . a better term here would be physical backup , as it is a blockwise copy . a recovery mode that supports this method ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) needs to be installed and started . backups can be created and accessed without entering the lockscreen passphrase . this method is an all-or-nothing approach , restoring individual apps is not possible ( without 3rd party support by titanium backup pro , for example ) find some more details in above mentioned tag-wiki , which also links to further ressources .
my adobe reader seems to be looking in the download folder , try putting them there . you could also just browse to them on your phone and open them directly . your phone should already have a file manager to use for that , but i recommend explorer ( or root explorer if you have root ) .
i gave up on adobe pdf reader , too bad it does not have a simple " file open " option . i downloaded beamreader free version , and so far it is working . it actually allows you to browse the directories and open files , what a concept ! i was going to buy the speedsoftware explorer suggested by @matthew above , but never bought an app before , and got this issue : buy an app - message : &quot ; none of the accounts on your phone are supported&quot ;
sometimes the market gets " hung up " on some of the app downloads . you can long press the item in question that is stuck and then cancel the download . you will have to re-start the download yourself , but this will usually fix the problem .
in addition to bryan 's answer , you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clearing the data for the market . that might be easier than manually cancelling every download .
upon searching at xda , few had success in rooting galaxy note 3 ( chinese version ) SM-N9006 and installing google playstore via CWM . nobody there has mentioned why root is required to flash cwm via odin . my guess is it is required to flash cwm by odin . cwm is required to flash gapps . please follow the instuctions in this thread at xda where users have reported success with cwm and playstore functionality . there is another thread which uses a safe method for rooting without disturbing knox . i would recommend trying it out before following the first link for flashing gapps . disclaimer : i do not own this device and any answer provided by me is found from internet search and the rate of success may vary . please read thoroughly before proceeding to avoid bricking your device .
@mr a , there is no other way to install google apps without root . it is happen because the system need to install gapps to system folder . you only need to root and flash custom recovery base on your device . after that , you can flash the corresponding gapps to your os version through custom recovery .
i have been developing my own answer machine application and hit two major stumbling blocks . one is that setmicrophonemute ( boolean on ) simply does not work . and the other issue is playing an audio greeting down the phone line . this is not possible due to hardware restrictions and it does not even work if the microphone is switched on and the audio is played through the speakers ! ! ! bizarre i know . i am hoping the ndk can provide a solution as i have put a lot of work into it already .
yes , change the notification settings in Market -&gt; (Menu button/Action Bar Button depending on device) Settings .
using odin root the phone . . after rooting the phone will enter into cwm download mode . . u will get extra option specifically the mount usb whilst the phone is connected to the pc . . the memory will appear on your pc . . and u can backup ur stuff . . . alternatively . . . just flash a working rom . . i did that and i passed the logo stage and got all my stuff back with no changes to the apps and their data just a reset of my phone software as if it was new
some recoveries allow you to navigate your phone with a file browser . does your phone have an external sd card ? i have team win recovery project installed on my phone and it lets me copy stuff around , it even has a terminal to do whatever you please . so you could copy your photos to sd card using that recovery and then to computer . installing twrp was very easy for me , i remember just putting a . zip in the external card and hitting install from the android recovery selecting from menu . everything else was automatic . but be tread carefully here ; do a false move and you can potentially brick your phone . http://teamw.in/project/twrp2
you can install from here but may be its in development phase and not activated google+
well i could not download it from the market app on my phone in germany , but i was able to install it from play store . otherwise you might try installing market enabler and fake that you are in the us .
if you do not mind getting it from untrusted sources , you can google " google plus android apk " , and this will show you a list of repositories and forums to download it from . note that , as a is the nature of such , let 's call them , untrusted sources , there is no guarantee that either they or the google query will persist for long , so i am not even bothering to link to anybody .
i have followed the guide in this page and reinstalled a stock version of android : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1196179 then i reinstalled cwm recovery and flashed cyanogenmod .
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
simply the answer would be no . according to whatsapp faq , your whatsapp chat history is not stored on their servers but , there are certain things you can do to save your chat history . make back-ups of your whatsapp conversations if your whatsapp conversations are important to you , it is a good idea to make backups of them so you do not lose them if there is a problem with the app . to do this , go to the settings menu , choose ' chat preferences ' then click on the chat history backup option . chat preferences ( click image for larger variant ) email the conversations you can send an entire conversation history from whatsapp via email . in android , click on the menu option in a conversation ( it is on the bottom-right of the screen ) , go to ' more ' and select ' email conversation ' , before entering the address of the recipient . whatsapp will create an email with the whole text conversation , including any pictures , voice or video clips .
it makes no difference . even if you have home screen or lock screen widgets that cause battery-draining activity , such as an email widget that checks for email very frequently , this background activity will happen regardless of whether the widget is on screen . the only difference it'll make is that if you often wake up your phone for short periods on the day ( say , just to check facebook quickly ) , the screen on the phone will be on for a few seconds longer while you unlock it . that will not add up to much over the course of a year . really , the biggest difference is that if you have the lock screen turned off and you manage to pocket-dial someone , or start a game in your pocket , that'll be using a lot of battery that could have been avoided if you have a lock screen . if there is any risk of you doing this , then on average having the lock screen turned off will drain your battery faster .
if the lock screen uses widgets , like weather , news aggregators , notifications , etc , then it is likely to use more battery . personally , i just use the plain swipe lock screen without additional widgets .
as you have no widgets on either lockscreen or homescreen the difference would be marginal , purely caused by the fact the screen is on for a shorter amount of time and therefore using less battery
you said that you have some important data on phone . using " volume up+home button+power button " combination in some phones hard resets the phone . so taking your phone to a service center is a good solution .
a number of motorola devices support that feature . here is a link to their site . my group has the bionic and atrix 2 and they support that feature . http://www.motorola.com/business-ready/us-en/business-ready-support-pages/security
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
i am using a sgs2 - corporate exchange / activesync account does indeed force encryption of all device storage
visit halo color wallpaper lite > https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tangblack.colorgradientwallpaper.lite
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
the simplest way to create a black image is to keep the phone with camera down on desk ( so that no light falls on the camera ) and shooting an image . then simply set the recently shot image as your wall paper . : )
halo color wallpaper does a great job for your android device !
i developed an app named color wallpaper that does this . it is free and available on the android market . there are many other colors to choose from besides black .
what you are probably seeing is the charge monitor greatly mis-estimating the amount of charge left in the battery . it thinks there is a lot of charge left , but in reality there is not—the battery is almost depleted . when the battery actually runs out , reality takes over , and the phone goes off . you had normally only see this when using a battery that is long past its lifespan . you also should see this during the day—or at least , you should see a much shorter than expected battery life . you could try resetting to factory defaults ( wiping the phone ) , which might help if its just a software issue . i would guess its a hardware issue , and you need to rma the phone .
you said : my device was dropped to the ground and sometime , the sound does not work anymore this would very much seem to boil down to a hardware problem . the only way to " handle " it is to repair the hardware . you can start with the asus repair page .
you may deactivate your mobile data , activate again when the download has stopped and set google play for not updating apps automatically then you can set this option again when youre connected through wifi again or set that apps can be updated via wifi only .
there is no direct switch to do so . as @r4d1um says , you may deactivate your data , and once you want to resume , restart your data and the store will start download from where you had left off .
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
apparently the only way to get dialer is to reinstall the european firmware : http://www.thegalaxytabforum.com/index.php?/topic/151-gt-phone-dialer/ btw , you are on the wrong site . so is for specific programmers questions .
on your galaxy tab goto Application&gt;Contacts  now select dialer tab
the solution : thanks to the guys on this thread i figured it out . i also used the same tool they described , minitool partition wizard , though i am sure you could use any partition tool . in windows on an sdxc card you can only format in exfat and ntfs . with a third party tool , you can make the card a fat partition . once you do this , the card is recognized in my s2 with no issues . i assume this will work with other phones that have " grey " support for large capacity sdxc cards . hope this helped y'all !
as well as being in the right format , there are two types of sdxc cards . for devices that say that cards above 32gb may not be supported , they only support the v2 sd card , and devices that say they support above 32gb , the take both v2 and v3 . v1 is now redundant .
usually android can use only fat32 because of permissions in ext file systems . if you have a terminal emulator installed + root + busybox you can do it like that : open terminal ; type su to get root ; insert cable and flash drive ; type dmesg to get device name ; make a folder using your file manager ; try to : mount -t ext4 /dev/(device name) (path to folder you make) ; enter the folder : cd (path to folder) ; change the file permissons : chmod 777 (your file) ; go to that folder with file manager and play . or you could just use stickmount .
try usb mass storage watcher otg ( requires root ) . some people say it works on ext4 . if it does not work , it is possible your otg cable is not compatible .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
i know you can freeze and thaw an app using titanium backup pro , which i have . but that would require manually going in to tibu and doing the freeze/thaw commands each time . you are wrong about that part . try this : look for a free place on your homescreen long-press there select to add a widget scroll to titanium backup select the item to ( un ) freeze an app select the app this gives you a toggle-widget to freeze/unfreeze the selected app .
there are some games around that use over 80+ megabytes of space . cleaning those up first should give you some breathing space .
for limiting gmail storage , at least -- fire up the gmail client . click menu > settings > labels from there you can select how many days worth you want synced overall , and per label . reducing the number could help cut down on the clutter .
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
i suggest checking out 3rd party keyboards . there are some free and paid alternatives that may show a nice improvement for you . there are even stock keyboards for other phones that have been ripped out and placed online as apks to download and install . check out your favorite eris/android message board to get some suggestions , and also check the market and try them there , too .
multitouch touch screen digitizers handle ( 2,3,4 . . . ) or more input fingers at a time at the hardware level . single touch devices handle only one finger at a time even if 2 or more are present . if you touch with a 2nd finger , the detected touch will " jump " from the first finger to the second finger location . install a touch screen visualizer or test application like z device test . you can watch a video how it looks with one finger on youtube ( which has fake dual touch and has some flaws ) . so what a fake dual touch driver does is this : it basically detects " jumps " of the finger and assumes it comes from a second and just keeps reporting a fixed virtual event ( coming from the last known position from the ( now vanished ) 1st finger touch ) while the 2nd touch is from your actual finger and reported regularly .
the difference between real dual-touch and fake dual-touch has to do with how the screen is built . real touch screens have an additional layer to allow for additional inputs . there are ways to emulate dual-touch with software . this is helpful in the case of your particular phone . this xda forum page has a list of updates for particular roms including 2 stock roms which enable fake dual touch .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
whatsapp requires a sim-card as stated in a comment already . i know from various xda-developers discussions , that it is easier to do a backup from whatsapp on your phone with titanium backup , and then restore it inside your vm . beware : the message database is local and messages are not synced across identical accounts .
i was able to install android on virtualbox normally but never got whatsapp working on it , always errors and complications ( tablets are not supported , etc . . . ) . finally i found the only solution that worked for me on a spanish website . no sim-card needed ! also beginners will understand ! here 's the way i did it : download virtualbox for your system , install it . . . download android with whatsapp included android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova . this is a fully working android version with whatsapp already installed if downloaded , open virtualbox and select " file"-menu " import appliance . . . " " open appliance " locate the downloaded " android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova " , select it and press " open " " continue " " import " now you should have a virtual machine in vbox named " androvm_vbox86t_4.1.1_r4-20121002-gapps " . select it and press " start " . a window with running android will pop up , let it load , unlock it ( if cursor does not work , disable in " machine"-menu the " mouse integration" ) your android version will be in spanish language . with translate . google . com you will be able to select your own language in the settings menu in android . whatsapp is already installed , just run it and type a number you can be called with . . . follow the steps and there you go . hope i could help you , i am german , apologize for bad english ; )
feature of vpnroot does exactly do what you want : auto connect/disconnect on a specific wifi ( only for pro ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.did.vpnroothl=en
if you mean kindle freetime , swipe down then tap exit .
insert the new sim into the phone . go to whatsapp settings > account > change number validate the new number . go to chat settings > backup conversations follow the instructions here to restore the conversations
try this : backup your whatsapp from old phone using helium backup . follow the instructions for backing up whatsapp ( or any other application for that matter ) . once the backup is complete , you will find a folder named " carbon " on your phone storage . copy this folder on your pc . install helium on the phone after restoring and get this backed up folder on your phone and place on the same location on the storage . start helium and backup whatsapp using the " restore and sync " tab available in the app . if you are not rooted , you need to connect your phone to pc using usb cable to start the backup . follow the instructions given on play store page .
no more precisely than you already know : if it is connected with bluetooth , it is probably less than ten metres away . it might theoretically be possible to use the round-trip-time between the two devices , and the finite speed of radio waves , to compute the distance , but in practice at these small scales the travel time is less than the latency in the bluetooth stack . radio waves take about 3 ns to travel a metre , which is about the time it takes a 2 ghz processor to execute one instruction .
these types of remote shutters usually rely on a more standard 3.5mm jack to plug into the camera . the only bluetooth solution i know of is this : http://www.amazon.com/satechi-bluetooth-wireless-eos-d2000-compatible/dp/b00anwqmwk but unfortunately it looks like its only for canon dslrs with a hotshoe .
yes you can use your android phone to act as a remote shutter for certain digital cameras . helicon remote , remote release and dslrdashboard are popular apps that uses usb otg cable to control various canon and nikon dslrs . eos remote is an app from canon tailormade for its eos series for dslrs but it makes of use of wifi though . the only application with description that makes use of both bluetooth and ir to control your camera is dslr remote plus by bitshift . try the free version available in playstore to check the compatibility with your devices . if satisfied buy the donate version and help the developer .
you can compare that to other os 's versions as well : a program designed for e.g. windows 8 does not necessarily run on windows 95 . development goes on , and that includes the api s they provide . with each new version , new interfaces are available to the programmers , saving them from " re-inventing the wheel": why code an entire library yourself , when it is much easier to access one that is already available ? but if a specific feature was introduced with version 4.1 , and the developer made use of that in his app , that app would not work properly on versions 4.0 and below , obviously . so depending on the apis used , such an app might not even start on a lower version , or some core functionality would not be available at all or even crash . to prevent the user from such mishap , developers must declare a " minimum required api level " in the manifest 1 of their apps . as each " api level " corresponds with a specific android version , this makes the app " incompatible " with lower versions . 1 the manifest is an xml file included in every android app , declaring the app 's requirements .
i think the translation is Instant upload , and it means that it uploads the photo to your google+ account 's instant uploads album in the background . check your g+ profile for this folder .
why not install noled . your screen will light up with dots or icons depending the setup .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
this may not exactly answer your question , but if you press-and-hold the home button , you should get a list of the most recently-run applications . pressing any of them will activate the app . this is built in to ( i believe ) the launcher , so it is possible that this only applies to stock android and that it has different behavior on touchwiz ( or whatever skin samsung put on the galaxy s phones ) .
i usually started an application by inputting the name of the application on the search textbox . in my samsung spica , there is a dedicated " search button " , i can click on the search button to go to the search textbox and start typing the first few letters of the apps i want to start ; the autocomplete will do the rest and you can click on the application you want to start . in android , conceptually all programs are continuous and never halted . when the os needs to reclaim memory , it pauses the application and asks it to save state ; later on , the os wakes the app up and asks it to load its state . conceptually , applications never dies ; conceptually , all applications are running all the time ; android 's activity life cycle is designed to give this sort of illusion .
the app smart taskbar will show you a list of the all tasks ( apps ) that are currently running on your device and allow you to switch to that app , similar to the native functionality but you are not limited to the 6 most recent apps . basically it opens from any screen and also lets you set some shortcuts and widgets and choose from all installed apps ( like the app drawer ) so you can complete any task from anywhere on your phone without having to go to the home screen first . there are a bunch of other apps that let you switch between running apps , just search the market for " task switcher . "
sounds like you are overthinking it . android goes out of it is way to intelligently manage applications and resources . when you leave an app it will generally keep running as long as the resources are available . long pressing home and selecting it or just launching the shortcut again should take you right back to the running app . theoretically it should not matter if it is still running or not , though -- every app is supposed to save it is state in such a way that if the os kills it before you come back , it should still be able to launch back to the same state you left it in . this is not universally applied in programs yet , but it does seem to be much more widespread these days -- presumably because the developers are getting used to the " android way . "
a program like advanced task killer will give you a list of running applications . long press on one of them pops up a menu , and one of the options there is to switch to the application . you can also customize the long press so that the default action is ' switch to ' , saving you a menu . there are lots of reasons why something like a task killer is not something you should be using , but i will not get into all that . i have it on there for the extremely rare occasion that i need to kill a rogue process . you can also do a search over at app brain for ' task switchers ' . appswipe ! looks decent , but i have not used it ( or any of them ) .
i know of two other places in android to get the list of what is currently running . ( this is on my motorola droid . ) from the home screen : Settings | Applications | Running Services  or Settings | Applications | Manage Applications | Running  the views are different ; one shows all the services from each app , the other just shows the apps .
assuming you were purchasing through android market ( app store is iphone ) , credit card payments are handled by google checkout . ( more info : http://market.android.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=105916 ) google checkout api is secure even though you will not see an https indicator like you would for ssl-enabled sites in a web browser ( e . g . the green location bar in internet explorer ) .
no one is answering my question here . . . so i presume it simply is not possible to view whether you are using a secure connection of not . in this age , this is a great oversight , in my opinion .
have you tried removing and re-adding the facebook account in your " accounts and sync " settings ? sometimes something in the sync process can get corrupted ( left half-finished , etc ) and that prevents future sync attempts from working properly . if you clear the account info off the phone and then re-sync it ( wi-fi recommended ) you should get a clean copy . if that does not work , something 's borked with your facebook app ; try completely uninstalling and reinstalling the app ( or at least remove all updates , if your phone/provider considers facebook a " system app" ) . if you had said that none of the facebook sections were syncing properly , i would say you were on a lan that was blocking access to the domain , but that is apparently not the case here .
does your sdcard have multiple partitions ? most recoveries have built-in repair function to scan corruptions in sdcards which prevents your phone from booting properly , it is under mount -> repair if you are using cwm . if it did not help , try removing your sdcard temporarily to check if it boots up properly . if it successfully boots then you need to reformat your sdcard , make sure to backup first .
as you stated you can go to safe mode fine , the conclusion is clear : one of your apps is causing this issue . if you can remember what you installed lately , immediately before the trouble started , that is the most likely candidate . you can use safe mode to uninstall this malfunctioning app -- that is what is safe mode is for . to your a-b-c : a ) see above : a mal-functioning app is the most likely candidate . b ) again see above : boot to safe mode , and uninstall the evil-doer c ) yes , absolutely .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
long press on the power off switch while plugged in , next tap on the power off prompt . when it powers off make sure the charging light remains on . if light is not on press power on quickly just so that the battery percentage shows in the center , it should blank screen again and the charging light come on and remain on . you can retest battery charge percent again anytime . when ready to use long press on power on/off to on and watch or wait for rebooting to take place .
do not know about forcing contacts onto your sd card , but here are some good approaches to minimizing the volume of contacts that you sync to your phone : sync only gmail &quot ; my contacts&quot ; group on android 2.3 how do i sync only &quot ; my contacts&quot ; from google on samsung galaxy s ?
as far as i know , all contacts in android stored in a sqlite database inside the private folder of the " contact storage " app . the location is at /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases/contacts . db so if you have root access to your device , it is theoretically fesible to either bind a folder on your sd card to the above location , or it is possible to make the above folder a symbol link ( soft link ) to a location on your sd card . however , this is not recommended because the stability and performance of your device can be affected . for example , if you connect your phone to pc and mount it as drive , the sd card is temporarily unmounted on the phone . another risky situations is when you boot your mobile phone and before the sd card is mounted . the contact storage app may try to access the contact list ( maybe for caching some of the favorite contacts , or maybe someone call you ) during this period , all these may not be expected by the contact storage app and could result in unpredictable result ( e . g . a dirty state of the app which make your contact inaccessible ) .
you can backup your contacts to sd-card : open contacts app and press menu button . click on ' back up contacts ' . select ' memory card ' . creating groups in google contacts : open https://www.google.com/contacts and sign in with your google account . there is an option to create groups ( the last but one option on left column ) click it and name the group . new group is now created under ' my cantacts ' . you can add contacts in it . filtering contacts : you can filter contacts from particular group . to do this , click on menu button and select ' filter ' option . click on your google account ( last option with email id ) . uncheck the groups you want to filter out and click ok .
the youtube app does not provide these free movies . i believe the only movies google provides is in their play store ; obvious not free options .
i do see what you are talking about . in my youtube app ( ics version ) i can see several categories under " browse " , where it seems movies would fit in , but this category is non-existent . i do know that there are many videos on youtube that are " not available for viewing on mobile devices " , and i think this is what is happening in this case . for example , " talladega nights " is currently available under the youtube movie section , but cannot be found in doing a search on the mobile app . it looks like this is a desktop only feature for now :/
it appears that the " view free movies only " functionality has not been added to either the youtube app nor the mobile version of the site . presumably this will be added at some future date , but until then , a workaround ( which works for me in canada , at least from brief testing ( i was able to open and start watching final fantasy : the spirits within ) ) would be to do the following : open youtube.com/movies in your device browser . hit the " desktop " link at the bottom-left . open the free section as normal and find the movie you want . when you hit the watch now button , select to open in the youtube app rather than in browser . if at some point in those steps it just jumps on its own to the youtube app , you will need to go into settings-> applications-> youtube and clear the " launch by default " setting for the app .
you can check the background process limit box . its the best way to limit your background processes and in a way save your battery . you can also use power saving mode if you have one . . . .
on my htc wildfire ( buzz ) running android 4.0.4 i find the corresponding option in settings&rarr ; data usage , when i hit the " menu " button . this brings up a sub-menu with 4 checkboxes : data-roaming , background data , show wifi , linear scale . tapping the " background data " option i am informed : background data only can be limited if you defined an overall limit for mobile data ( well , i have not defined any limit there yet ) . so that should be where background data can be restricted .
without root access you have 2 options . both options ( may ) allow you to access the files for a particular app , e.g. the folder /data/data/com . app . packagename . if the application is debuggable you can use the run-as command in adb shell ( more info about what adb is and how to install it can be found here ) adb shell run-as com.your.packagename` cp /data/data/com.app.packagename/  if the application is not debuggable , you can use android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . it is best not to provide a password , otherwise it becomes more difficult to read the data . just click on ' backup my data ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . basically it is a compressed tar file . this page explains how you can use openssl 's zlib command to uncompress it . you can use the adb restore backup.db command to restore the backup .
try using a sony ericsson wall charger . because standard usb can not supply much power , manufacturers often use off-spec currents and/or voltages in their wall chargers in order to charge the device faster . because they are breaking the standard by doing this , sometimes a wall-charger for one manufacturer 's device can not supply enough current to a different manufacturer 's device . this is not specific to android devices , but any device that charges using usb . for example , many iphone and ipad users have noticed that their mac charges the device faster than a pc does , because the pc has a standard usb port , but the usb ports on recent macs can recognise that they are connected to an ithing and supply extra voltage and current . if you do not have a sony ericsson wall charger , follow izzy 's suggestion and make sure to keep the screen turned off when you want to charge .
i am using galaxy tab shw-180s . this same thing happened with me few days ago . this is how i solved it . 1 ) first remove the battery from the device . 2 ) charge your battery from any other electric source . ( i do not remember the device name . but most mobile repairing shops have that device ) you can also try by changing your charger or may be your charging source is not provide decent level of electricity that needs to charge your phone .
if watching the charge level with the display turned on implicates you are using the device while charging , the explanation might be easy -- if the following example somehow matches : assuming you are charging via usb from a computer/laptop/other-usb-source ( i.e. . not the wall-plugged charger ) . according to the usb specifications , this provides a charging power of 500 ma ( usb 2.0 ) or at maximum 900 ma ( usb 3.0 ) , as you can read e.g. in this wikipedia article . now taking the samsung galaxy s3 ( as we have got some reference data for this device , see my answer here ) , and let 's play some numbers : you are recording some video . this uses 1683 mw . you are downloading something via umts ( 3g ) : 1074 mw you are using the camera : 1460 mw you tethered your laptop to the phone , and download something : 1254 mw all these things with the screen off ! so you have got to add another ~800 mw for the screen ( 567 mw to 1568 mw , depending on brightness and colors ) . in each example ( and i can easily construct several more like that combining some facts , like " bluetooth download ( 487 mw ) plus average display ( 800 mw ) &rarr ; 1287 mw ) , your device uses more juice than the usb power source can provide . consequently , your phone -- although connected to an external power source -- discharges . this would be the case even when performing no actions , just having the display turned to max with a non-black ( but rather white/colorful ) picture : 1568 mw > 900 mw . so , rule of thumb : when charging via usb , keep the display off ; usb 2.0 cannot even provide enough juice for a fully dimmed display ( 567 mw > 500 mw ) , in case of the s3 ( it might be slightly different for your device : the motorola milestone e.g. needs just 310 mw for a fully dimmed display ) . see also : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ?
click on the man picture on the drop down . click on the man picture on the next two screens that come up . you should have two options " take new photo " and " select new photo from gallery " , add the photo here .
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
if the data still exists on the sd card , i have had some success with recuva . it might even be able to help if the file is on internal storage . the question becomes , then , how to find the file ?
from the htc support page : what is connected media and how do i use it ? this is a new application that allows you to play pictures , music and videos stored on your phone or on a media server to dlna supported device such as a tv , music player or even speakers . to access connected media all programs ( button on the lower-left of the screen ) > connected media . so , anything that is dlna compliant should show up as a connected device . here is more information on connected media from htc .
this has happened to me also . do a full wipe and flash the rom again . it takes around 5-10 mins for first boot .
this has always been a problem . try this , always works for me . ensure debugging is enabled install device drivers if it still does not work use this http://koush.com/post/universal-adb-driver , reboot and try again should definitely work .
since you are comfortable with using android debug bridge ( adb ) , you can try the following steps in order : 1 ) open a command prompt ( windows ) or shell prompt ( linux ) at android-sdk\platform-tools directory . 2 ) type adb kill-server 3 ) type adb start-server 4 ) type adb devices if your device does not show up , try updating the android sdk to the latest version and repeat the above steps again .
i do not know if there is any setting for that ( samsung has certainly more than one device , and i do not know them all with all their specifics ) . but there are other means/approaches to this : you might try some of the toggle switches and widgets available on google play you could check for some automation tool like tasker , which have the feature of toggling mobile data . at least tasker permits to create widgets on the homescreen bound to specific tasks , so you could create a toggle-widget yourself both approaches should work independent of the device you are going to use them on .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
i am not sure it is open source , as i could not find any reference to it being so , but you can try using the contact link on their website to report the bug .
i am using a nexus 4 with new version of playstore . i can see a " share " button just below the " reviews " section . you can check once again if you have missed it : )
since you have jelly bean ; how about a lock-screen widget ? they are very useful and there are tons of them . note by default lock screen widgets are disabled , go to the Settings app on your device , select Security and look for the "Enable Widgets" option you could use google keep as an example : i use dash clock widget on my lock screen and homescreen ! it is a wonderful , simple widget . the advantage is you can add loads of extensions , for example : dash clock notes which sounds exactly right for what you need ! here 's an example : there are numerous notebook style applications , and i , obviously , cannot provide an exhaustive list . why not shop around ( many are free ) and ensure they have a lock-screen widget option ? !
you phone knows what the closest towers are . there is a provider database for each country which tower id is located where on the map . this database might be small enough to be preinstalled by your provider or supplied over the air . how an android phone gets this data i do not know .
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i have slightly different answers for #3 : the device could be used if you want to use triangulation , but you need to use the carrier if you want to match the cell-id and the localization of the gsm ( or cdma ) tower .
a lot of this is carrier specific and i am not a dev but heres what i could piece together from the interwebs and the trainings i have had in electronic crime investigation : yes but it depends on the specific apps lbs priorities which are set by the dev and can be based on current course accuracy , power levels , predefined priorities . . . yes . the carriers have proprietary wifi base station location dbs . i can not speak to android specifically , but generally this is going to be carrier and network type ( cdma or gsm ) . phones are capable of both but at least a few years ago they did this work on the handset because of the bandwidth constraints of doing it ota .
videokiosk may be what you are looking for .
could probably be realized using tasker : condition : boot completed ( or monitor start ) task : start app not sure if you can specify a video file directly here . but there might at least be some video player supporting to automatically start playing the latest playlist , which should make up for it . you can find a free 7-day-trial of tasker on their homepage -- or try alternative automation apps such as e.g. llama - location profiles . another possibility is to create the profile with tasker , and then export it using the tasker app factory ; this way you'ld get a " free version app " of your profile to distribute on the tablets .
you can use heimdall . its a cross-platform tool suite used to flash firmware , more or less like odin , but opensource . it has a binary that can be installed in your ubuntu version .
no , i do not see anything remotely related in the settings unfortunately . and no option to remember seems to pop up when you display images .
there is a modified version of gmail app available over on xda if you feel like you really need to always show images and are willing to replace the " stock " gmail app . it may require root , not sure . edit here is another thread on a gmail that shows images all the time .
you can not actually merge contacts on the phone . it just links them together , but on the phone only ( kinda like taking two contact cards and stapling them together rather than taking both cards and making one out of them ) . most likely , the reason behind limiting it to 5 links is after that , with a lot of different contacts , it could start slowing things down . the linking of contacts on the phone was designed as a way for you to link your facebook , twitter , google+ , etc contacts with your contacts from gmail ( since gmail 's contacts does not have a way to keep most of your external accounts tied with it ) , not for linking multiple gmail contacts together ( since you should merge those ) . if you go to http://contacts.google.com , under the more dropdown , select find and merge duplicates . this will use google 's algorithms to try and best merge your duplicate contacts together . i found that the contacts it determines are duplicates are usually accurate . if you find it did not merge two contacts together that need it , you can click the checkboxes next to their name and then under the more dropdown , select merge contacts . note : google+ contacts will automatically be linked through your gmail contacts .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
launcher is a replacement for the home application ( the app that your phone switches to when you press the home button ) . it is basically the application that lets you switch screens , launch apps , view widgets , etc . other apps offer more home screens than the default , or different toolbars at the bottom of the screen offering different ways to quickly launch applications . these were very popular with the initial moto droid since it was basically the stock android 2.0 os which only had 3 home screens . with android 2.2 and the custom interfaces that handset manufacturers add on , the usefulness of these launcher apps may not be so obvious or necessary .
omg , i have found the following posting : http://community.skype.com/t5/security-privacy-trust-and/skype-invading-and-changing-people-s-online-status/m-p/2961695/highlight/true#m28546 according to above the " always on " concept was a deliberate decision by microsoft : they admit that certain scenarios need fixing : this is just so weird . they should certainly make it configurable . for now the only way to disconnect is to manually " sign out " . quitting the app is not sufficient . shutting down the device is neither .
send any of your contacts : /showplaces  it will show you all devices currently online for this account : then send : /remotelogout  it shokld kick off all devices but current . now check again by /showplaces  it should now be only one connection in list :  [18:50:32] System: You have 1 online endpoints: {25cf308c-73a9-ddfe-c6c7-c4a2507cf657} my_desktop Linux Skype 
on android 4.0+ , there is a section in settings named data usage : when data is enabled , you will see an option to limit your data . once ticked , two markers labeled ' limit ' and ' warning ' will appear . you can drag them up and down to set their values . tapping menu will give you this : as you can see , you can toggle background data from there .
there are quite many ice ( in case of emergency ) apps on the market ; these apps displays your contact information in your lock screen .
matthew 's comment seems most practical . . . but you can try contact owner ; that displays info for one contact on your lock screen . i use it ; it works fine .
you could click the overflow button ( menu ) and choose to share the page . then using an app like evernote or catch , sync the data to your desktop pc . alternatively , if you use chrome as your desktop browser - use phone 2 google chrome which uses the above concept . also , take a look at android2cloud which has similar functionality .
i knew i had turned it on ( autotype/autocorrect/wordpredict ) since i first got my phone , but could not figure out how to turn it off , until now . on my samsung galaxy s i use an android keyboard . there are keyboard options and typing options for the phone under settings in the app area . . . but none of those will change the features of the keyboard itself . these features are accessed from the keyboard , on the bottom line ( as it appears when you first start to type ) . . . there is a settings button ( looks like a cog or a sprocket ) next to the go button . . . you will find all the necessary settings you seek to turn on or off all of the annoying features that your keyboard does automatically . cgh
for htc one vx settings > language and keyboard > htc sence input> advance settings > ( turn off ) word prediction .
turn off tracing . this makes it impossible to disable the prediction part because they use same software bits . then disable the prediction .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
i have a nexus s with 4.0.4 and i have turned off settings/language and input/spelling correction , but when writing smses it still corrects me . then found another settings : settings/language and input/ android keyborad -> press settings button next to this , then down you have show correction suggestion ( i am turing it to always hide )
on the galaxy s4 you can turn off the " predictive " text by going to settings in your apps . settings . . . language and keyboard . hit settings ( cog wheel ) then turn off " predictive " text .
i have a samsung galaxy glide . the predictive text feature can be shut of by doing the following : open a text window like you normally would when you send a text using go sms pro . on the bottom left hand corner you will see the settings icon which is the same as the icon for your phone settings . hit this button and it will bring up a screen of settings that you can select . uncheck the predictive text setting and voilà - no more annoying auto complete when you are trying to text !
the tab 4 uses mhl via the usb port for video-out . if you use an mhl hdmi adapter , it'll provide hdmi video out .
to convert pcm/wav to mp3 , i know a step by step guide here : http://www.bigasoft.com/articles/how-to-convert-pcm-audio.html this guide helps :
the lame encoder is useful for converting such files . pc applications can be found here : http://lame.sourceforge.net/links.html you can try another recorder , like hi-q mp3 recorder . this will record it immediately in mp3 format . you can use an online converter to do the job . try for example http://www.mediaconverter.org
as far as i know , there are no built-in audio converters in android . your best bet is to use third party library , maybe even a c/c++ one . look at this question for more info : stackexchange-url
i assume you have tried the web-based version . interestingly enough , if you add a shortcut to it it has a special icon . i have tried some of the other ones and seem to always go back to the web-based version .
there is a dearth of official apps for google 's own services on google 's own mobile os . no official google reader app , no official widget . that may be because they work on optimizing the mobile versions of those web-services , to obviate the need for an additional app . you have already got the browser -- why install an app for a web-service ? this 2008 article on how greader renders in mobile webkit might explain some of the concept .
according to my market , market differs according to your country , there is no " official google reader " app . may i suggest downloading newsrob , it is in the market and there are two versions ; paid and free , and even the free version features a widget to launch the application , which is simple and light , and it even has a very good feature , you can make the app download all of the new articles or so , with its images , for browsing offline .
i just downloaded the official google reader app from the market . no widget yet .
check to see if all of those music processes are running . i would assume they all listen to play/pause events while active , maybe verifying that all but one are killed could get a response from just one .
the app media button router is just what you are looking for . the app allows you to choose the media app you wish to control with the bluetooth forward/reverse buttons using voice prompts . the app does not work perfectly with all media apps , but i find that by playing with the settings you can usually overcome problems . but when it works it is magic !
you should uninstall microsoft .net4
it is not currently possible yet with the official cwm ( v6.0.2.3 ) or twrp ( v2.6.3.0 ) : clockworkmod recovery v6.0.2 . x will throw this error . you have to update it to cwm 6.0.4.5 which is not yet available for the galaxy tab 2 , 10.1 ( gt-p5113 ) . the latest version of twrp 2.6.3.0 also has this error . cyanogenmod posted about this issue on google plus with old versions of cwm . however it is possible with an unofficial recovery here is a description of the problem you are encountering with android 4.4 , in short , the previously used set_perms method was deprecated and replaced by set_metadata . unfortunately , most of available recoveries didn’t allow users to flash these packages properly , and this has resulted in the following error message : set_metadata_recursive : some changes failed this means you will have to use a different recovery that supports set_metadata_recursive , one such recovery that worked for me was , philz-non-touch-recovery_6 _ ( advanced-cwm ) . tar . md5 it is based off of cwm base v6.0.4.5 . you can find a conversation about it here . what i did was boot into download mode : shut down the tablet . unplug the usb . hold volume up and power . let go of both after it boots and you see it is in download mode . plug in usb . then you are going to want to untar the archive you have downloaded , tar xvvf ./GT-P5110_PhilZ-NON-Touch-Recovery_6_\(Advanced-CWM\).tar.md5  and , finally flash it into the recovery partition , heimdall flash --RECOVERY recovery.img --no-reboot  now when you boot into recovery mode and you are in philz non touch recovery 6 , you will see the option to flash the cm11 . zip , or adb sideload it , which is what i did . footnotes the gt-p5110 for philz works with the gt-p5113 too ; i have the gt-p5113 and it worked fine . this tutorial will also work just fine with the gt-p5110 ( which i think has a official cwm that does this ) . on this page you can also find the download link for the gt-p5100 .
i do not think rebooting has anything to do with charging pins . taking the phone to someone with lack of understanding was your first mistake . by messing with the pins they probably made it worse and introduced the new problem with charging . if i were you i would have tried a factory reset and then if that did not help flashing a fresh copy of the os . better go with the warranty now , but it may already be to late since someone already messed with the hardware .
if it is within the warranty period , just ask for a new phone . it may be a defective piece . : )
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
i have done this on a cheap tablet before , really all there is to it , is to get clockworkmod installed on the device , then flash cyanogenmod 's gapps onto it . . . . . unfortunately i did a little bit of digging , and was not able to come up with much as far as getting clockworkmod installed onto that particular device . . . . there was one point in time where you could just flash the market/play store apk directly onto the device , however these days it requires the full blown framework to run correctly , so you can not just flash the apk separate , but rather you need to flash the whole zip file in recovery .
your data connection is probably being lost during the phone call . thus , whatsapp gets disconnected . cdma networks ( verizon , sprint , and others that do not use a sim card ) do not work with data and voice at the same time when on 3g . voice takes over , so anything using data is disconnected . verizon is working towards this feature , called svdo ( simultaneous voice and ev-do data ) , and according to that page has one device that uses it , the htc thunderbolt . similarly , sprint also has the htc evo 4g lte that can use it . almost all other devices , though , do not support this . however , lte ( 4g ) does allow for voice and data simultaneously , so certain devices that are lte capable and are connected to lte can maintain data connections during a phone call . in the end , if you have service through a network without sim cards , and you are not connected to wifi or lte , then you will lose data connections when you make or receive a phone call .
you are saying that you want to use whatsapp for another phone number of yours ? ? ? it is possible to create one whatsapp account for a single number . you cant combine two whatsapp accounts into one . if you want to create independent accounts for both your phone numbers and use whatsapp for them from your only phone then it is hell of a difficult thing . you have to logout every single time to get into the another account of yours . otherwise you should have two whatsapp apps in your phone that is impossible .
if you mean the google keyboard , yes . go to settings > language and input > google keyboard settings > add-on dictionaries . refresh if you have not done it for a while ( or at all ) . then just check the languages that you want . i do not know if serbian is there though .
i know that you do not want to install any third party apps but without which you cannot get the language you want . for serbian try this app . visit this page to confirm the language support . " i would really like to avoid using third party keyboard , because this handset is very limited on resources . " which according to me is due to the less available memory on your device try to move your apps on the memory card ( micro sd card ) .
i managed to make the android sync by going to the contacts , exporting to internal memory and then importing back . . . then it started to push contacts to cloud . . . the iphone picked it up by itself . . .
first of all , remember that sync works both ways - if you delete contacts on the phone , it will delete them on google . if this happens , do not despair , as gmail has a nice " way-back " type of restore ; you can restore back to any time . i used this for my wife 's iphone when i set it up . i mainly wanted to post this for the above cya , as i think it is important . i do not remember exactly what settings i had to change to get it working , and she is not around now , so i can not look to see . but knowing about the restore should give you the ability to experiment more . i may have set up the sync to their icloud , or whatever it is called , but i doubt that this really buys anything . i believe that once you get it in sync , so to speak , it will work correctly after that . i think you just need to restore the gmail contacts , and they will then sync to the phone . it may have tried to sync gmail to the phone before instead of the other way around previously . sorry i can not give the exact settings or procedure to use , but i hope it will help .
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
have you put any custom rom 's on your phone ? could be a bad one which is causing this either way your best option is to download stock rom for your device and flash it over via odin
if you have a nexus 4 , 5 , 7 , or 10 , or some " google play edition " phones , running kitkat , then you can simply cast the whole screen of your device . in the settings app , go to display , then click cast screen . this can cast to any miracast device . this might not work with the particular app you want to use : the app can tell android that its content is " secure " , which will exclude it from being recorded or cast in this way . one of the cwm developers has an app called mirror . this can cast the whole screen to a chromecast device , but it is in beta , so you have to register to download it , and it only works on the nexus 5 . see his announcement on g+ for more information and to register . otherwise , all you can do is contact the developer and ask them to add chromecast support to their app . this would be the best option in any case , as the app could make sure that only the movie stream is sent to the chromecast , rather than the whole screen ( including the notification tray and navigation buttons ) .
a chromecast version of filmon is now available in the play store - it works perfectly !
try colornote , the size in the current version , according to google play is 716kb , it recently got online sync although i do not think there is web editing yet though .
create a folder . place your notes as text files under it . there are many file managers to support viewing and editing text files . you can use a tiny text editor named jota text editor if your file manager does not support it . then , sync this folder with dropbox using a tiny dropsync app ( 422kb ) . done ! it is universal . you can take your notes offline to any platform where dropbox sync is supported . and , you can access your notes from any device which can take you to the web . best of all : it is future-proof . i have just got email from year 3012 that there exists text files , but no evernote .
use ak notepad ( 468kb ) . it can sync notes via catch.com. its not a bloatware . it allows you to pin-lock your notes . you can pin notes to homescreen using it .
now is the time to recommend google keep to this question . cloud stored data ; all part of the google-verse . accessible everywhere .
please note : it is advised to follow this method only if you know what is root and agree that you are doing this at your own risk . i do not hold credit for this technique as this method has been taken from here and 100% credit goes to the respective author . requirements : a rooted android phone . busybox installed on your device . cygwin installed to [ c:\cygwin ] with pv and util-linux from the repo . make sure to open cygwin once to make sure that the /bin folder is created . also , i made a folder at [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] to put the exported . raw file . netcat ( download the zip file and extract nc . exe to [ c:\cygwin\bin ] ) . adb ( make sure adb . exe is in your path ) . enable usb debugging in your device . for android 4.0 and above do it from : settings > developer options > usb debugging . for android 2.3 and below do it from : settings > application > development > usb debugging . vhd tool put the vhdtool . exe file in [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] . piriform recuva or your favorite data recovery tool , ( it appears recuva only finds the more common file types like images , videos , etc . those were the file types in which i was interested . if you are after more exotic file types perhaps you might share the software you used ) . the process in short : this has been tested on samsung galaxy nexus though this should work for any phone with internal memory . we will be using a windows 7 machine to : back up the entire internal memory partition to your computer as a single , massive . raw file , convert the . raw file output to a vhd , mount the vhd as a disk in disk manager , scan the attached vhd volume for files that have been deleted and recover them . actual work to do : it is recommended that you choose to recover your entire memory block instead of just the data partition . in this case that is mmcblk0 . for our purpose here we are seeking to recover the userdata partition : /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 turn on your phone . connect the phone in adb mode . unlock the screen . open a cygwin terminal and enter ( this assumes your busybox installation is at [ /system/bin/busybox ] . it may be at [ /system/xbin/busybox ] ) : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 adb shell /system/bin/busybox nc -l -p 5555 -e /system/bin/busybox dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p12 open another cygwin terminal and enter : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 cd /nexus nc 127.0.0.1 5555 | pv -i 0.5 > mmcblk0p12 . raw for 16gb or 32gb internal memory this process is going to take 2 to 3+ hours respectively . we need to convert the . raw file to a virtual hard drive . vhdtool . exe basically just puts a vhd footer on the end of the . raw file . open a windows command prompt , go to [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] , and type : vhdtool . exe /convert mmcblk0p12 . raw now we need to mount the vhd in windows . select the start button--> right-click computer--> select manage . select storage--> disk management . in the menu select action--> attach vhd . for location enter [ c:\cygwin\nexus\mmcblk0p12 . raw ] and select the ok button . right-click on the name ( e . g . " disk 1" ) to the left of the unallocated space and select initialize disk . select the gpt ( guid partition table ) radio button and select the ok button . right-click on the unallocated space and select new simple volume . . . in the wizard select next> , leave the default for the volume size , select next> , select a drive letter ( e . g . k ) , select next> , make sure to select the ' do not format this volume ' radio button , select next> , select finish . a box will pop up asking you to format the drive . you do not want to format the drive at this time . right-click on the raw space and select format . . . make sure to change the file system to fat32 . set the allocation unit size dropdown to ' default . ' make sure that the perform a quick format checkbox is checked . you do not want to overwrite the entire new drive with all zeroes ( 0 's ) and destroy your data . quick format means that it will only attempt to destroy the index for the drive by establishing a new index . without this box checked the windows operating system will write zeroes ( 0 's ) across the entire volume , potentially destroying your data . select the ok button . a box will pop up saying that formatting this volume will erase all data on it . that would be doubly true if you actually did not check the ' perform a quick format ' checkbox . double check that you actually did check the box and select the ok button . ( do not worry . this essentially leaves the volume in the exact same state that your phone 's internal memory is living in right now : there is data on the drive . . . you just can not see it . it is coming back , i promise ! ) open the recuva application . in the wizard select the ' next > ' button . select the ' other ' radio button and select next > . select the ' in a specific location ' radio button and enter : k:\ ( assuming k is the drive letter you chose . . . ) select the next > button . select the enable deep scan checkbox . this is the magical setting that finds files that have been deleted . . . but not really deleted . select the start button . finally the application may take about an hour to do the ' deep scan . ' it is time for more laps around the house ! once the application has returned its results you can choose which files to recover using the checkboxes . select the ' recover . . . ' button and choose the location to which you wish to output your files .
here 's a couple of things that might help , a regular factory reset does not wipe the sdcard partition . things such as pictures and whatsapp messages should be restorable when you just install the relevant apps again . if you are a gmail user , just sign in again and it will automatically resync . if you are using a corporate email account or general mail app , and if the email was setup using imap , the messages should still be sitting on the server and adding the email account again should sync the messages back . if the setup used pop , then you might be out of luck here . by default the contacts on your phone sync with google if you were signed in to the phone . signing in again should sync those back as well . good luck !
i think i have found a solution . it is pretty simple - just try to hold the menu button . the info about battery disappears and allows you to use the camera .
try downloading and using a third-camera app from the market . the restriction is apparently on the stock camera app , not on the hardware ( the camera itself ) . i downloaded retro camera , and it is able to take a picture when my galaxy s is on low battery . that might not be the app you want , so do a search on the market with the keyword " camera " .
this is , unfortunately , not adjustable in the stock version of android . if you root there are 3rd party versions that modify this low battery level .
apparently the catalog has to support it . i never realized that the default catalogs with aldiko did not have a sorting by title as i always use the custom catalog drinkmalk and it does have a " by title/series " alphabetical ordering of books .
it was helpful if your smartphone dont ' have so big ram . for create a swap partitions you need a kernel that support this . to create a swap partition download that app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.azasoft.free.swapperhl=it choose the type ( i recommend ext ) and choose space . check active swap on boot and reboot your phone and this work !
to use those new feature when informations are being pulled from gmail you are going to need the new gmail app there is a flashable zip on xda-developers but its reporting to break some stuff so your best bet is to wait a week or so to get the jellybean update from google .
in the current firefox 28 the issue is solved by setting browser.search.loadFromJars to false in about:config . then only the search engines i added myself are shown .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
you can still disable the search engines if you have root access to your device . specifically , you need to pull and modify the file search . json . on my device , i have : adb pull /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/search.json  now , by default , this file does not format everything nicely , so you can use something like http://jsonformat.com  in order to clean things up . in any case , you will see bits such as  "_id": "[app]/bing.xml", "_name": "Bing", "_hidden": false, "description": "", "__searchForm": "http://www.bing.com",  you need to take the "_hidden " flag and change it to true . do this for all of the search engines to hide all of them . or , frankly , just delete everything under engines . then , upload the file back and restart firefox with a command like : adb push search.json /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/  until an application restart , the changes will not be seen . as a slight editorial note , it is dumb that we have to do this by hand . either we should be able to disable things under settings-> customize-> search settings or we should have some way of turning things off in about:config . while i understand that removing menu items that cause too many support issues , completely removing the option even from about:config is counterproductive .
although you can not remove search engines from firefox for android any more ( which i think is the wrong decision for them to have made , personally ) , you can at least reorder the list , which almost makes up for not being able to remove search engines ( i really do not want to ever use bing , thanks firefox ) . to reorder the list , go into settings > customise > search settings and set one of the search engines as default by long-clicking and clicking " set as default " . it will then move to the top of the list . if you then change the default to something else , the previous default is moved down one place ( rather than going back to a predefined position ) . so you can reorder the list however you like by setting each of your favorite engines as default in turn , in reverse order of preference . say you wanted your list to start with google , wikipedia and amazon in that order , you would first set amazon as the default , then wikipedia , then google , and your list will end up with google , wikipedia and amazon as the top three , in that order .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
from what i can tell from research you should be able to download the ruu from here and run it . this requires a windows computer as it is a . exe file . download the file to your computer , plug your phone in to your computer and run the file . it should return your phone to the latest factory shipped os and remove root .
that is one of the most easy tasks , and is called factory reset . depending on your android version , you find the suitable item at different places in the device 's settings menu : android 4.0 has it in backup and reset ( at the end of that screen , watch out for " personal data" ) android 2.3 placed it in privacy ( with a fence-symbol ; again at the end of that page ) there are also ways to achieve this without going via the settings menu , booting into recovery mode . hard-reset . com mentions the appropriate procedures for most devices .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
i had a look at the klog , all you can do is : search for a different kernel ( is your firmware up to date ? ) ask the ( correct ! ) maintainer/developer to fix it especially if it is an inofficial cyanogenmod build , you cannot ask the cm team , but have to ask in the forum where you got the firmware image from . track it down and fix the kernel yourself ( unlikely , that you have asked this here ) some background : that is definitely a kernel problem , have a look at the line [ 4264.601013 ] unable to handle kernel null pointer dereference at virtual address 00000000 . . . [ 4264.603424 ] pc is at audmgr_enable+0x168/0x1c8 if you want to know more you can read up on stackoverflow on how to diagnose a kernel oops and what is a linux kernel null pointer dereference . there is also a howto available here .
i guess you could try running windows 95 or older versions inside dosbox . of course this would require some knowledge on ms-dos stuff and some patience and skill . . here 's a good tutorial on how to boot win95 on dosbox . http://vogons.zetafleet.com/viewtopic.php?t=24936 i would suggest you try this first on a desktop machine with dosbox . another way would be to run it using qemu for android http://www.mobilephonetalk.com/showthread.php?63990-qemu-for-android-runs-any-os
so there are still some differences between the factory images and aosp builds . here are some of the differences i know : " gesture typing " feature is missing in aosp builds as noted by jbq here . " photosphere " feature is missing in aosp , as noted here . the various google apps do not come included with aosp ( play store , gmail , maps , google now , etc ) . i am sure you can hunt down more differences by going through threads in the ' android-building ' mailing list . a last note on the differences by one of the gatekeepers of aosp . edit : actually , i think you can easily compile a more thorough list of the differences between factory and aosp images . the following commands may be of use to you : adb shell pm list packages adb shell pm list libraries adb shell pm list features adb shell pm adb shell am  there is more information regarding these commands at http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html#pm the following answers are added for posterity 's sake , since they are somewhat related : what&#39 ; s the difference between an aosp rom and a stock rom ? what is the difference between aosp/vanilla and stock ? i did not find much use out of them , but someone else may . i will add some comparisons between factory , aosp , and cyanogenmod later . i will be testing it on the Nexus 7 (grouper) , it may differ slightly for other devices .
the nexus 7 , like most of the previous nexus devices google has released or been involved with manufacturing , runs the same aosp source code that you propose to compile and install yourself , with only the addition of google proprietary apps and hardware device driver binaries ( though these are often available separately or in the source tree ) . there are basically two reasons to do this : you are a developer working on modifying the android platform itself . a fix for a bug that seriously impacts you is available in a slightly newer version of the source and it is so serious that you can not wait for the fix to be released normally . if neither of these applies to you , then you probably should not bother .
what i did -- and my problem is an ear that does not work properly rather than an earbud that is been washed too often -- was to shell out for poweramp which has built in balance controls along with its rather elaborate tone controls and equaliser . well worth the money for solving this problem .
to disable auto-correct in swift 3 keyboard in ics : go to Settings and then in Language &amp; Input go to Swift 3 Setting then go to Advanced now in Spacebar will select always insert a space .
swiftkey simply is a keyboard app . you might want to check in settings&rarr ; language and input&rarr ; keyboards and input methods which keyboard is active/checked , and check its configuration . many keyboard apps allow to turn off autocorrection : so does the default keyboard on my wildfire ( running cm 9.1/android 4.0.4 ) . if your keyboard does not support this , you might want to check for an alternative . hacker 's keyboard is a good choice here ( i use it on my tablet ) , and for sure allows to turn off autocorrection ( i use it this way ) . you still get the word recommendations and can tap words for auto-complete -- but nothing gets replaced anymore without your explicite consense .
swiftkey allows for disabling of the auto-correct when a physical keyboard is being used . to disable auto-correct during physical keyboard use : open swiftkey 's settings open the swiftkey app from your app launcher long press on the swiftkey logo/123 button when the swiftkey keyboard is up go to Advanced scroll to the bottom check the option for Physical keyboard space behavior which will " disable autocomplete for physical keyboards . i just checked on my droid 3 , which has a physical keyboard , and it disabled it . this was checked using swiftkey version 4.0.0.106 .
it depends : you are on a cdma network ( verizon , sprint ) you can not call and use internet at the same time ( exepect if you use internet over wifi ) - this is limitation of cdma only networks you are on a gsm network ( at and t for us and almost all other operator worlwide excluding asia ) . in this case if you have 3g connectivity you should be able to use 3g and call at the same time , if connectivity not 3g but only grps/edge you can not have a call and internet at the same time ( because gprs/edge use voice channel )
what you could do is uninstall the latest version of skype and install an older version . i recently had to do this as i found the most recent versions of skype were just bloatware and could not even do basic stuff ( like voice chat ) anymore . now i have to warn you that you are taking a risk installing a non-market app , but i believe that freewarelovers is a reputable site . uninstall your current version of skype . just go to market , my apps , skype , uninstall . switch on settings , applications , unknown sources . download version 1.0.0.984 from this link http://www.freewarelovers.com/android/app/skype#old_versions when the download is finished , just install it . remember to turn off unknown sources afterwards . try version 1.0.0.984 for starters . if that does not work keep trying earlier versions !
you could try out nimbuzz .
at the time this question was originally asked , skype lite was the only official skype client and it was locked into the verizon network and it locked voice calling to wifi only ( so as not to compete with their cell minute plans ) . as of early october , skype released it to the market for phones on other carriers . it was still crippled from making skypeout calls over the 3g connection , until a hacker over at droid forums came up with a solution and as i was typing this i realize that it was only for phones in the us , so it looks like it is still a no go . sebastiaan 's answer , nimbuzz is your best bet .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
try to clean out the /sdcard/Android/data/com.amazon.venezia/cache directory . this is where the apks are stored when initially downloaded , and they should be deleted when the application is installed . seems for some reason , they are not always deleted , so it continued to ask to install it .
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
open the google app and press the menu button . settings => google now ( click to the left of the toggle ) => scroll down and toggle the weather off
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
in the stock messaging app : settings-> multimedia message ( mms ) settings-> group messaging . when this is checked , it will send a single mms message to multiple people ( all within the group ) , like in examples 2/3 . when it is unchecked , it will send a message to each person in the group individually , like in example 1 . all incoming group messages will come in as a group message regardless of this setting . this setting simple controls how your messages are sent to a group . as far as i know , however , you are not able to do this on a per message basis .
no option to do this exists . you will need to select each song individually . to make it easier you could arrange by album instead of song , because you likely have fewer albums than individual songs .
go to recovery and create backup or use titanium back up to back up apps . one more way is to recompile rom zip with placing needed apk in installation folder . you can find more details on xda forums
i solved this by installing opera classic 12.1 . single-clicking the " download " link prompted me to open the file via google music or via opera . selecting opera started the file downloading via opera 's built-in download manager . quite a fail for chrome : (
i tried to download the link using chrome for android several times , but it always disappears . like i have been telling myself before , android for chrome is not mature enough and lacking in ( so many ) features . i would suggest installing a 3rd-party browser like dolphin or boat , which are both highly-customizable . i downloaded the mp3 file successfully using boat ( which is my main browser ) , and it appears in my download folder .
it did exist in an earlier version i was using late 2013 . . but as of the current release , the option has disappeared .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
it is not the golauncher or the firmware . i am currently using a samsung mesmerized from us cellular and mine also does it . i have been looking for a solution also but found nothing . some sites said wipe your screen , that does not work . then others say there is not a solution . best option i see as of now : when it does that press the back button once , wait a second , then press the power key . and no offense to matthew 's post , but on the galaxy mesmerized the back key and the power key take screen shots , not the home key like on most htc 's . sorry i could not help -- i would like to solve it , too , it is very annoying .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
hold your home button and your power button at the same time . then hit the power button then it will lock it . it works just fine .
" hboot " mode is something of a misnomer , really , that i usually see when people mean " reboot into your hboot menu " . i think the reason these got conflated to each other is because Fastboot mode activates by default when you land on hboot on most ( possibly all ) htc phones . they do exist separately , though , as devices without an hboot menu can still have a fastboot mode . this is definitely a little confusing , though , since what is really happening is that you are getting rebooted into hboot which is then immediately loading fastboot . you should be able to get to the bootloader 's main screen by selecting Bootloader from the fastboot screen . essentially , though , hboot is just a bootloader , which gives you the ability to chain-boot into several other partitions or modes ( including fasboot ) . i say it is not really a " mode " because it does not really allow for any interaction , it just loads and waits for you to choose something else from the menu ( with one exception , see below ) . hboot also has the ability to install a properly named and signed zip file if placed on the root of your sd card , which it will attempt to do right after the bootloader has fully loaded . this seems to have been designed as a sort of last-ditch reflash method , and used to be a part of several manual rooting methods on htc phones ( which is now largely unnecessary ) . the exact naming convention depends on your device , but they are usually of the form PC[some number]IMG.zip . fastboot mode is the state your device goes into so that it can accept fastboot commands , which largely deal with manually flashing partitions on the device . notably , you can flash unsigned partition images when in fastboot . it is handy for recovery purposes , but also useful for development and generally hacking around ( depending on what you are doing ) . you can read a bit about the details of fastboot here . your " recovery mode " ( or recovery partition ) is different from hboot . it is a separate partition on your device which contains a very basic kernel and gui that can be used to repair and/or restore your system , with the features varying depending on the exact recovery you are using . typically a manufacturer will ship their devices with their own " stock " recovery , but there are many custom ones available which are more robust . there is a related android enthusiasts question which also discusses this .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
neither of the vendor ids you have added to the udev rules file correspond to a device listed by lsusb . other sources on the net suggest that the correct device id is SYSFS{idVendor}=="1d6b", SYSFS{idProduct}="0104" , but this device does not appear in your lsusb output either . run lsusb with the device unplugged and plugged in to find which device is the right one , and edit your udev rules appropriately . to confirm : you do not want to connect to the serial debugging port to get adb to work .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
as geff described , you cannot avoid a wipe/factory-reset . but you can do a proper backup beforehand , so you can restore most of your data afterwards . this should work without any trouble for the apps you have installed yourself ( "user apps" ) , while special care must be taken for pre-installed apps ( "system apps" ) : as data structures ( inside their databases ) might have changed , a simple restore ( replacing the databases ) might break things and even render those apps unusable . provided your device is rooted , titanium backup is a good choice . backup all " user apps " and their data , plus the " system apps " and their data . special care on restore : " user apps " can be restored 1:1 . before goint to the " system apps " , make sure to turn on tb 's " migration " mode . then restore only data , and do so one-by-one , after each " data set " verifying there are no side-effects . an alternative to be named is helium backup , which even works on non-rooted devices . safest is to stick to your " user apps " , and let contacts etc . solve via sync . for several things like sms , there are special backup/restore solutions which you could use .
moving from stock rom to custom rom usually requires a wipe or a factory reset . otherwise , you will encounter force closes ( fcs ) , heat issues , and possibly other problems . in short , headaches . even upgrading from a cyanogenmod ( cm ) to a major cm version will require a wipe , especially if it contains a major android update . this is because the files / directories are now different ( layout-wise , etc ) . i am sure there are other reasons too . most , if not all , will also recommend you to do a wipe . this is the best way to ensure that the installation will be smooth . of course , you can still rely on google sync to ensure that your contacts ( and other syncable data ) can be restored .
no , kies does not backup hidden items over the gallery , the hidden pictures are now lost .
do not use the phone until you try this you can retrieve the files you deleted . those files are still in the memory of your phone just not visible , the data is waiting to be written over by new data . so from now on do not use the phone to take any more pics , to save anymore data , music , or installing any apps until recover has been done . the extensions of the hidden files will be different than normal . when recovering look for the ext that the files were hidden under . then the best way to retrieve your deleted files , is to use a recovery program . download and install the recovery program on your computer . with the phone plugged into usb , goto " my computer " , note the drive letter assigned to your phone . start the program and select the drive letter that was assigned to the phone , click " start " . now the scanning process will automatically start to look for the deleted files . the returning results are all recoverable items . select a location to save your files at . select the files you want recovered , click " recover "
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
for using custom ringtones , i suggest rings extended app along with any file manager to browse the contents of your sd card . this will allow you to pick any supported sound file to be used as a ringtone in any app . in google+ app , go to menu -> settings . under " ringtone " you can select the wav file ( pick " rings extended " when prompted , and navigate to wherever you saved the file ) , and " notification settings " will give you finer control of which actions will trigger the notifications . i do not use facebook , but i imagine the app has similar controls in its settings .
you might want to take a look at the dns settings app , which claims to be able to do what you want ( you just have to switch once to a static ip to change the dns settings , and then switch back to dynamic ip , according to the description ) . that is the only non-root app i could find for this issue -- there are two more apps at least , but they require root to work .
based on my experience , gps always loses its accuracy after a few days . its data becomes stale . what i would normally do is : use fasterfix to make sure i am connecting to the ntp servers nearest me . refer to this xda list for suggested ntp servers . you can also use fastergps if you like ; i have no issues with either apps . use wireless networks ( wi-fi or mobile network ) to help fix my location . in my samsung galaxy s4 , this is in : System settings &gt; More &gt; Location services &gt; Use wireless networks . reset gps data with gps test plus ( or its free version ) . when you do this , make sure you are outside the building , where are are no obstructions ( trees , etc ) . after some time , i check google maps and see if my position has updated . more often than not , this will improve the accuracy of my gps location . when i notice that my position is off , i check those items i listed above . also , when you are inside buildings , do not expect to get an accurate reading , unless your phone has a really awesome ( i.e. . powerful ) gps .
nomoarpowah ! can boot the phone up based on your scheduled alarms , in time for them to ring . it only works on certain samsung devices .
never tried it myself , but maybe it helps : funambol wirelessly syncs contacts , calendars , email and pictures between mobile phones , pcs , tablets and connected devices via the cloud . they offer a ( free ) cloud service , or you can install the os-version yourself .
davical is a great calendar server , so if your phone supports ical , you might look at either hosting a local instance on the pc you want to sync with , or hosting it on a server or nas server you may/may not have ( i use my nas for this . ) . yahoo ! calendar is also great for syncing . i use it to sync with my fiance for our wedding planning : )
if you use a caldav server such as sogo or davical with lightning , you can then use caldav-sync on your android device to sync your calendars there as well . sogo also has carddav support , and carddav-sync will keep your contacts in sync as well .
so i was trying to do this with my outlook calendar ( at work ) . export a ics file to a dropbox folder use dropsync on android to keep the file in sync on the local sdcard use icssync to parse the ics file and add it to the native calendar app the above approach works for me , ofcourse you had have to find a way to schedule/automate the export of your calendar from your calendering app on ubuntu . for outlook , i am using outlook2ical .
you do not need the us phone to begin with . if you are just looking for the ram : according to a cnet article the uk version has 2gb of ram . apparently the international version excluding us also has 2gb ram .
is that true ? yes , this is true . the usa is currently using the 700 , 800 ( sprint only , i think ) , 1700 and 1900 mhz bands for lte service , whereas european providers are using 800 , 900 , 1800 , and 2600 mhz ( wikipedia ) . if it is true , can the us variant be persuaded to work in the uk , 4g-wise ? i am not shy of flashing custom roms and so forth . no . the frequency limitation is not set by the software - it is the antenna . flashing custom roms will not allow you to access frequencies that the antenna is physically unable to support , so there is nothing you can do short of modifying the hardware . i am assuming that it will work without issue on 3g ? this could potentially depend slightly on which specific variant you want , i suppose . the at and t one supports 850 , 1900 , and 2100 mhz frequencies , the t-mobile usa one also supports 1700 on top of the other three . according to this table , t-mobile uk uses the 2100 mhz band , so either should be compatible with their 3g service in that case .
i would not read too much into ee 's rollout of 4g just yet , for starters , the frequencies are different , give that time , ee and other 4g operators in the uk would have the final say on the compatibility of the handset . here in ireland , 3 and vodafone are planning a merger which would see the in-evitable 4g being rolled out - do not know when yet . . . stick with what you have with gsm at the moment .
i use mantano reader for this purpose , it is quite a powerful app . give it a try and you will like it !
please , give more details . have you saw twitter and facebook messages in the friendstream before ? i have the same phone . did you try to take a look at the " menu-> settings-> show updates " in the friendstream application ? there are checkmarks for every stream-source .
this is a function of your dialer and contact-saving/editing application . various roms use various applications ( be it aosp dialer , motoblur , sense , touch wiz , etc . ) . you can install third-party dialers . i have never used it but this dialer supposedly supports what you are asking for . i suggest you browse around the market for third-party dialers .
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
google voice needs to be able to save data such as contact details , ongoing conversations , etc . , somewhere and in the case of conversations delete them later - i suspect that this is where the " modify and delete data from sd card " comes in .
problem i have been recently using my beats tour with my htc one . it was working fine and then it stopped working . first i thought either my phone had a problem or the earphones . i thought of claiming my warranty but , before that i did following tests : plugged different earphones in my htc one from apple , samsung and htc . all worked fine . plugged my beats earphone with iphone , ipod and my computer . it was working fine too . analysis then i compared the connector of beats earphone with others . i noticed a potential design flaw with both beats connector and htc one : beats earphone connector radius is slightly smaller than normal earphone connectors . htc one internal connector was pushed in more when plugging and unplugging earphone . ( i do not exactly know words to explain this but , this usually happens with electronics when using cheap materials ) . solution as i am sure both htc and beats will not be accepting these facts . i recommend you to buy a short extender . i connected my extender to my htc one and beats earphone and it worked like expected . i am not sure if we lose quality when using a cheaper extender .
i would try to flash the device to stock rom first . this should install the updated drivers . latest version of sgs2 official rom is 4.1.2 . http://xperiahtcrootingrom.com/stock-rom-for-galaxy-s2-i9100-official-firmware-variants/
i have had the exact same problem . cyanogenmod sgs2 , baseband i9100xxke7 , checksum 163ecafa01912637fe344ec1f8264d70 . the only difference is i am with optus in australia . after extensive research , the solution i found was simply a matter of identifying an appropriate modem+ril ( radio interface layer ) to install . i am still looking for an appropriate one for me , although i9100xxls9 has stopped the dropouts , it will not let me make calls . unfortunately it seems the best modem+ril combo is very dependent on your carrier+phone combo . i found a discussion about various rils to use for sgs2 in new zealand . you may find what you are looking for there . i have seen people discussing i9100jjls2 , i9100xxls8 and i9100pbvlp7 as good modems . if you look at your other question ( how to manually replace ones ril ) you will see it is pretty quick and easy to flip around between different rils when you know what you are doing . give them a try and see how you go .
the only way to add more widget is to install an application that allow their widgets to be used on the lockscreen . developers need to specify if their widgets can be used on the launcher , the lockscreen or both . so , if a widget is available on the launcher but not on the lockscreen , i am afraid that you can not use it on the lockscreen . ( but you could mail the developer so he makes his widget available on the lockscreen ) . as said in the comments , a xposed module is available for rooted to user that enable all widgets on lock screen : gravitybox
if you are not rooted then shywim 's answer is correct . however , if you have rooted your device you can install the xposed framework . this allows you to install modules that tweak various aspects of android . the module gravitybox ( kk ) for kitkat and ( jb ) for jelly bean , which you can install via the xposed installer has an option " allow any widget " for the lockscreen . article on gravitybox in this image you can see in the bottom left " allow any widget " under the lockscreen tweaks .
questions for you : did you install an app recently ? what app did you last install ? how long was that going on for ? have you checked with your sprint provider ? you are not getting charged for those incoming messages ? it sounds like mal-ware , but do not wish to raise alarm nor fear in you , but by answering my questions above to ascertain it . quite possibly , it sounds like a scam , if you were to reply innocently like " who are you ? " you could be charged premium rates for sending it . as for the gibberish , its likely in a language that is not recognized by your handset hence the font shows the " gibberish " character as a result . if all else fails , try a factory reset the handset at last resort . edit : based on your edit , it sounds like its stopped for a good while due to perhaps its hit the threshold limit of how many sms to be stored , then when you went to delete them , more kept coming in . the apps do seem legit . . btw : ) would you not suggest try this , download this app called ' history eraser ' from google play , to wipe out the history of the sms , just that specifically alone , and nothing else . see if that helps . if more are still coming in , then i hate saying this , factory reset the handset to clear out whatever it is that is causing the jam .
try this , it is worked for me so far : go into messaging settings and uncheck automatically retrieve mms . now delete the conversation ; i have not had any problems since .
os : win 8.1 x64 with latest updates . phone : samsung galaxy s3 ( gt-i9300 ) . i got it working without manually installing any driver . when i plugged my phone in the computer it automatically installed the driver for me . after that i didnt see any popup . what you need to do is leave the phone plugged in your pc/laptop while restarting the phone ( do not be to hasty here , give the phone some time to boot up completely ) . after that go to control panel > hardware and sound > devices and printers . in here look for the multimedia tab and you should see your phone ( gt-i9300 ) . right click on it and you should see the menu browse files > gt-9300 . voila you are in your phone . after that you do not even need to repeat the steps before again , because the popup suddenly comes back ( do not switch to another usb port here , just keep using the port where you performed your phone reboot ) . incase you accidentally plugged your phone in another usb port you need to repeat the steps above . thats how i got mine working . i hope it helps you !
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
you can manually update your phone by downloading the update . zip file for 2.2 , putting it in the root of your sd card and applying the update in the recovery during boot up . see detailed instructions here .
you could also combine this with some anti-theft solution . e.g. wheres my droid reacts on " attention words " you set up , and e.g. sends the current location ( also by sms ) , or turns on the alarm on another " attention word " . with your wife knowing ( some of ) those " attention words " , she can get to know where you are ( or rather where your device is ) -- while at the same time you have some added value . look for " anti-theft " on the playstore to find more like this , if it sounds useful to you .
it sounds like google latitude does what you want . once you opt-in you can then share your location data with your wife , and she should be able to check your location anytime . as far as i know , once you choose share your location data with someone they can retrieve it anytime without having to explicitly request your permission . latitude is built into the google maps application for android . you can enable it by going into the application 's settings and checking " enable location sharing " , then use the setting right below it ( "manage your friends" ) to choose who can see your location data .
this will be my way of checking the 3g connectivity issues . might work for you too . first try to reset the apn . follow the steps here if you do not know how . restart your phone . if it did not work , try forcing the phone to 3g . in your dialer , enter *#*#3646#*#* -> phone information -> select wcdma only in the drop down menu . this should make your phone work only in 3g . try testing your speeds via speedtest for bandwidth . if both steps did not solve your problem , try using a different sim in which 3g is working . if this solves your problem , replace the sim from customer care . even now your problem is not solved , try factory reset your phone . warning : this will reset everything in your phone including pictures , take a backup of your phone before proceeding further . if none of the above solves your problem , take it to your htc customer care to check them for hardware defect .
figured it out . eldarerathis , you hit the nail on the head . what i thought was turning it off was apparently just putting it to sleep ( same condition as when it times out from no action ) ? i just tried holding the power button and then got the power off menu which is what i am looking for .
i find epistle a useful text editor that syncs with a dropbox folder , it is not the most advanced editor but can handle both plain text and markdown formatted plain text ( as used here ) . it uses the built-in android text selection features , so you can select a line by dragging the text selection arrows to both ends .
homepipe is one such service . subsonic is an open source server / web based solution . a free alternative solution is ampcache / amdroid
when you connect your phone to your computer , you get a pop-up showing a green android with one hand being a usb . there , click on mount sd card or an option similar to that . you should be able to use the sd card as a flash drive .
it is inside the jpg and you may extract it with a app that can be found at http://www.accalio.com/sgs4-audio-extractor.307.0.html hope it helps
outside of email and the browser , you can only copy text from editable text fields , so you can not directly copy text from other people 's tweets in the twitter app . workaround : install copy to clipboard from the market . this integrates with the ' share ' menu . by sharing a tweet to this app it will copy the text to you clipboard .
most video recording apps are imho limited to 1h non-stop recording , as you can find with a simple google search , which is probably a safety measure to not let you run out of battery -- as video recording is the biggest consumer ( see what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? ) . however , a developer can have his app overriding this limit ( see max duration for capture video on android on stack overflow ) -- so you might just have to find a video recording app which has this setting increased ( as e.g. one eye browser in this linked pro-version ) .
the adb backup command will not work fully on an unrooted device as it will attempt to backup things like the /system partition , and without root access the phone will deny you this for safety reasons . i am glad to hear running it with the -nosystem flag worked out for you : ) if you want to do a complete backup you need to be rooted . the /system partition , according to this page : contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . this means that your backup does not include anything related to your operating system , only your apps and their settings . if you decide to root your device , you can create a very solid backup from cwm recovery where all partitions are backed up to the sdcard on the device , including the system and boot partitions .
if you need to do s-on , flash that before flashing the ruu . other than that , just keep in mind that the ruu will wipe your phone .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
if you already have app2sd and it says there is no app to move then there is no more app to move . i get this problem also when my i update and install new apps . i assume you are not rooted so you have less options . the only things you can do are : clear cache ( install cache cleaner app ) clear data of non-critical apps like browser , games , etc . ( manage applications > select application > clear data ) uninstall apps you rarely use , install them only when needed ( e . g . , i rarely skype on my phone so i just uninstalled it ) try a hack which will extend/squeeze the capability of app2sd : http://www.bongizmo.com/blog/moving-all-android-apps-to-sdcard-apps2sd-froyo/ ( this works well if you are rooted , if not there is still a few apps it can move ) .
i assume you have not rooted ? if you have , sd maid is a great app to clean up system partition .
you can clear your dalvik , either through recovery or straight from titanium . through titanium , it will tell you what needs to be removed and how much space it will clear .
available space 11.61 mb you are correct that that is the problem . the market uses internal storage when installing apps ( even if it is installing to the sd card ) so you need to free up some internal storage . imb 's suggestions are good for that . i also recommend using titanium backup to incorporate system app updates into your rom , which should free up some space by getting rid of the second version of any system apps ( the original version is kept by default ) . you ought to have more than 2 to integrate ?
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
you can use the official ' google maps ' app to view your collections . if you click on the ' pin ' next to the search box to bring up the places screen , then press ' menu ' , you will see an option for ' my maps ' so you can access any of your previously created collections . google maps app -> pin button ( next to search box ) -> menu key -> ' my maps ' link to google maps just in case you do not have it installed ( alternatively , you can skip a couple of steps by opening google maps using the ' places ' shortcut , which takes you directly to the places screen , from where you can press the menu button , then select ' my maps' )
just use the gmail app and not the email app . you can select what email to send from -- it shows all the addresses you have set up in gmail -- and has a surprising number of gmail 's features for a mobile app . it does go through gmail 's servers and you will have your archive . i do not think you can set up and manage pop accounts from it , but if you are not abandoning the web interface entirely then it does not matter .
there are three ways to access gmail in android : setup an pop/imap account using email app . this is not recommended , since you lose many of gmails ' unique feature . use the browser and gmail 's mobile view . this is not recommended , since you do not get mail notifications . setup gmail account in the gmail app . this is the preferred way of using gmail on android , the gmail app works well with many of gmail 's unique features , such as mail search , label , archives , conversations , stars , " send as " , muting , priority inbox , etc . every email is sent and received via the gmail server and is therefore filed and searchable in gmail the gmail app does that . when i compose and email , i can choose which account to send it from and it comes via the domain server ( i.e. . not from gmail ) . i do not think you can setup " send as " from gmail app , but you can send an email with any " send as " address you have configured in the webmail . i do not think there is any major gmail webmail features that the android gmail missed .
the force stop button is only applicable to apps which are currently actually running . in general , android apps will stay in an idle state on the assumption that you might want to switch back to them soon , but the os will kill apps you have not used for a while as it gets short on memory . some apps also have an actual " exit " option , of course . so , are you sure the app you are trying to force stop is actually running ? in your applications settings , there should be a " running " tab , which should show all of the apps currently running on your device . alternatively there are apps in the market that can show you what is currently going on on your device . i use " os monitor " but i am sure there are others .
used rainbowcontacts app for android to connect to blackberry via bluetooth and import contacts .
i had same issues with this transfer also . i had problems on transferring my notes to the android platform . i have literally hundreds of notes and a lot of task items . i could not figure out how to transfer them . then i found this little app that makes it much easier . it uses my blackberry backup file to transfer even my sms texts from the blackberry to android . oh ! the name of the app 2can look it up on google play . sweet .
transferring blackberry contacts to android galaxy note 2 turn on bluetooth for both devices pair both devices to each other go to blackberry 's bluetooth setup , and select the android phone- for me it is sgh-t889 renamed galaxy note 2 . press the enter key or trackpad , and the device menu will pop up . select " transfer contacts " your android device will popup a request to accept a file named phonebook . vcf ' . choose accept your android will now accept your complete contact list ! your welcome ! now if your in la buy me a chocolate puddinf cake and a coke . my name is paul .
i had a b9700 , too . and i know many apps do not support b9700 bold . but i found one called netqin contacts sync , and it did a wonderful job ! it did just what it advertised to do , done the task in seconds . netqin sync is available for blackberries , android phones and iphones , so moving contacts from one of the three to another is no problem for netqin . and , it is completely free ! you can check out the procedures here : http://be-tasty-azur.blogspot.tw/2012/11/how-to-move-contacts-to-android-iphone.html
after going through some useless posts all over the internet , i came across one app in bb app world - quick contact transfer . this works great . you may need to shell out few rupees to buy it though .
you should have an usb icon in the notification bar . if you expand the notification bar and click on the usb item you should be able to configure the connection mode you want .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
an incomplete song play is mostly due to the corrupt file which you have downloaded . although it may show around 7mb for a file but if the file is corrupt then it will not play any part of it or in some cases just plays the start and skips to the next . what exactly a corrupt file is a corrupt mp3 file means that some audio bits and tunes are missing or contain some bug . the mp3 player usually plays these bits if all are there in the proper order . if some bit of data is missing then it simply skips to the next track . the corruption of the file can be judged by the amount of file is playable . if you can only play the start then the whole mp3 is corrupt . it is waste of trying because some times you could get only till the middle and later by default it skips . detect a corrupted mp3 or mp4 file : - the best way to check a corrupted file is to do a simple fast forward ( do not do a 4x fast forward for you will not know when the file is fast forwarded very fast ) till the end of the file . in fast forward it will skip to the next available data point . as you are able to only fast forward till the middle then the remaining portion of the file is missing/corrupt . if fast forward jumps directly to the last then the whole song is corrupt and needs to be deleted . for an mp4 file when the video turns pixelated during a fast forward instead of the smooth audio/video then that video is corrupt . a complete video plays the audio and video with ease even if you fast forward . let the file be partially or completely corrupt you have to delete it because corrupt file will never play completely . how to avoid a corrupt file 1 ) always download files from a reputable source . some sites do not have proper files to which many fall trap to . if you download from good sources then you will not have that issue at all . ( my suggestion is to avoid using free downloads as far as possible as it is against the law-piracy issues and also you got cheap audio with these kind of issues ) 2 ) there are some download managers which check for the link , file before download . if the link or file is missing/corrupt then you can avoid this issue .
i had this problem . the song worked fine in itunes , but not in google music . the song has an audio glitch in it from recording it from a burned cd , and that is around the spot where the song skips . it is not the mp3 or the song ; it is something about google music does not like the song . my work around : i made an aac version in itunes , uploaded that , and it worked . so my original mp3 must have been glitchy .
the droid2 has a protected bootloader , meaning custom roms can not be loaded unless it is cracked . ( it has not been cracked yet ) . that said , you can root the phone and you might be able to replace the contacts app with another one . the problem is that the contacts . apk file is more than just contacts -- it is also the dialer . kind of an important file . replacing should be ok though as long as you back up the original and can restore it , but do not expect the replacement to work . googling "2.2 contacts . apk " should give you a few different versions of the app that you can download and test out . note you probably need to deodex your phone before you can replace a system app . to actually replace it , use an app like root explorer to browse to /system/app , mount that folder as r/w , rename contacts . apk to contacts . backup or something , and copy in the new contacts . apk .
the droid2 has a protected bootloader , meaning custom roms can not be loaded unless it is cracked . ( it has not been cracked yet ) . this is only partially true . the droid 2 does have a locked bootloader but that does not stop you from loading a custom rom . look here for several custom roms available for the droid 2 . the fission rom is vanilla android and they also have a fusion rom that adds back some of the motorola apps .
16 gb is not " that big " . all devices released within the past 2 years ( which includes your device ) at least support cards up to 32 gb . but every now and then , some incompatibilities are reported : a certain device does not like cards from a certain brand ( i never remember the combinations causing trouble ) . it might well be you have hit one of those . if you have some other card available , try that . if you either wanted to buy a new one , check the brand you are currently using , and buy some other . good idea is to e.g. buy a 32 gb at amazon ( or some other place known to accept returns ) , so if it does not work out ( and also seems to be " incompatible" ) , you can return it .
under the Account Sync action in llama , you can Enable Account Sync then Request Update . it is possible that the play store will update when this is called , but i have not tried it so could not tell you for sure . worth a shot though .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
you could try updating to the latest play store . see androidpolice . doing this fixed the same issue for me when i updated my nexus 7 to android 4.3 . it was crashing like yours , i updated ( and cleared the cache and data ) and the play store started working again . you do not need to be rooted , you can simply install it . it is perfectly safe as it is signed by google .
if you are rooted and have clockworkmod recovery , you can try these steps : uninstall google play services . boot into recovery and select " wipe data " . then select " clear cache " . then select " advanced " and in the sub-menu select " wipe dalivk cache " . then go back and select reboot . now the play store will start working .
try to uninstall any play store updates , and then rerun the app ; if all goes well , it will re-update the app , and the force closing should stop . if it still force closes , and you do not have much data on your device , you can try to factory reset the phone . that usually makes my play store work fine ( although i do not have s5 ) .
rovio now offers rovio account for their games on ios and android . they describe it thus : rovio account lets you store your game progress and continue playing on another device . as of this writing , only the croods and the original angry birds use rovio accounts , but i expect the other games in their stable to follow along fairly quickly . this is not related to the just-announced google play games , which is a general platform for android .
there are a few other options out there such as swarm ( aka swarmconnect ) that have similar functionality ( leaderboards , achievements , etc . ) for android games . on android it often comes down to developer preference .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
i can not tell if leadbolt does as promissed , but i see no harm in giving somebody your imei . at least if you do not use services that do authentication with your imei ( never heard of one ) . but you should wait a little , maybe there is a objection regarding my statement .
if you do not mind rooting your device then your best option to avoid all adds would be to use adaway . it'll bock all ads on your device by modifiying your hosts file and is perfectly safe to use . i have been using it for over a year now .
unfortunately , it appears that this somewhat reprehensable company infecting peoples tablets , phones , etc . , with this rogue app leadbolt can add dishonest to their profile . what appears to happen is that various apps carry this infection along with it . if your unfortunate to download one of these apps , leadbolt rides its coat tails . try getting rid of it . i contacted the company , they gave me an app to run . when you run it , it offers you the choice to " opt out " from leadbolt . i ran it , it told me i was successful in opting out and i thought that would be the end , however , i did not delete the app . about a week later , i ran the app again and sure enough , it told me i could now opt out . this program does nothing ! as far as i can tell , i have yet found anyone or anything to get rid of this curse on my tablet !
start by reading : xda developers > . [ help ] changing around mountpoints for sdcard and extsdcard ? excerpt : some previous samsung devices had no external storage at all but still mapped the biggest flash partition to /mnt/sdcard . the galaxy tab 2 7.0 has a micro sd card slot on it ( one of the reasons i bought the thing ! ) , but i guess for compatibility they still mount an internal flash storage partition to /sdcard . the actual micro sd card gets mounted to freaking /mnt/extsdcard . first you need to find out where it is being mounted ( on galaxy s ) , and whether the command you are using is for internal flash or the microsd card . .
you do not have to use shift , if you hold down the ' m ' key for a longer time it will insert its alt key , a question mark .
the fastest way i have found is to actually swipe from the " m/ ? " or " z/ ! " keys directly to the space bar . that'll insert a punctuation mark and then a space . in the same fashion , you can insert a period or a comma . the other similar shortcut i use creates an " 's " by swiping from the apostrophe to the " s " . some similar suggestions can be found in swype 's online reference , specifically in the " swype gestures " section of http://www.swype.com/tips/advanced-tips/.
in my case ( kde4 on a debian squeeze ) it worked easily after setting the device as msc . it was directly automounted by kde . to do this just go to : settings -> xperia -> connectivity -> usb connection mode as i have spanish language in my android i suppose the translation will be something like that . it also worked in the same computer on a windowsxp inside virtualbox .
for ubuntu you may need to edit the usb subsystem config files in order to recognize your device 's sd card . luckily this is super easy : ) i have also answered this question before , if you want to check that thread . your ubuntu system 's udev config should be edited as so : doublecheck that the vendor id for your neo is 054c using sudo lsusb ; you should see a line something like Bus 002 Device 010: ID 054c:0c02 SonyEricson using your favourite editor as root edit ( or create ) "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="054c", MODE="0666" make sure the perms are right for the file you just edited : sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules restart the usb subsystem : sudo restart udev connect your phone and see if your sd card shows up now
you could always unmount your sd card ( if it is removable , like my htc magic allows for ) and plug it into an sd card reader . or you could root and run cyanogenmod - cm 's mass storage mode works great in my gnome2 install of ubuntu , do not see why kde would make it any different .
did you mount the drives from the phone ? once you are connected , you have to open the notification bar , tap on the " usb connected " notification and press the button to mount the drives . this should make them visible on your desktop . after you are done , unmount them from the desktop first , then unmount them from the phone , and then disconnect the cable .
it is impossible . you can only use sense ui on a rom that incorporates it . to regain it you will either need to return to your stock htc rom or see if there are any other roms that support sense .
no drivers are needed for adb devices in linux . the adb binary uses libusb to access the device . all you need to do is add device 's usb vendor id to ~/.android/adb_usb.ini
i like disk usage to show simply where are the octets .
it is android 4.2 ( jellybean ) . ( a quick google image search helped me . ) source : link 1 , link 2
you could try flashing a custom kernel with voodoo sound . i do not know if it changes the volume increment but it may provide better values for those increments , and certainly a much better sound experience overall .
the situation seems to be improved in the android 2.2 update .
i am falling in love with ikiwiki . ikiwiki uses markdown which means you can use any text editor to edit your pages . you can push changes to your server using svn or git ( many other options are also available ) . check out ikiwiki and see if it may be able to provide you with the solution for which you are looking .
your question made me try to use the same configuration . solution generate your key pair in openssh key file format , i used my linux workstation :  ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "KEYNAME"  ( i left passphrase empty but i think it will work with it too , add the public key to your host :  cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub &gt;&gt; ~/.ssh/authorized_keys  ( assuming that is the same machine you want to connect to ) copy private key id_rsa to your phone and use that one . : ) i found the clue on logcat :  W/System.err(27250): com.jcraft.jsch.JSchException: invalid privatekey: /sdcard/key.ppk  and this answer brought me in the right direction . how to copy private key from connectbot export workaround only private keys without passphrase can be copied , so you can change password and set it empty , this key is not compatible with es file explorer .
the solution was to go to the android play home page while logged in to my account . under settings ( gear icon ) , there is an option to open the android device manager . within that interface , there is a drop down to select devices . my phone was listed there . with the phone selected , i opted to " ring " it , which it did , and then from that point on my phone became available as an option when installing apps from a computer based browser .
ensure that you have your google account connection set and have logged into play store from your phone and installed a program . this can be found under accounts and sync . i believe this also has to be the primary account . . . the first one set up . you can most likely remove any of them except your primary account . the primary account can only be removed by taking the phone back to factory reset . the first one setup in the android have a special value . steps to ensure android is linked to google play store : ensure your using the same account on both phone and google . using your android device , download an app from play store . ensure you are running a compatible version of the android os ( version 1.5 would be too old ) . ensure you are not using a business or school account that is using the old google apps infrastructure . other details can be found at : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1141080?hl=en
buy it on the amazon android app store . they are matching the prices of the android market and its lets you download it . just gives you a warning that you may be purchasing a game that does not work with your device . and , as of today ( 12/11 ) its still $ . 10
i would suggest using a friend 's android phone that does support the game , setting up your account in his phone and purchasing it . be careful not to select any auto-sync features while doing so and make sure you remove the account from the phone once you have finished your purchases . @bryan denny : looks like you beat me to it : ) did not see your comment for the question .
i would assume it is related to battery stats . if they got screwed up then the phone can think it is drained when it is full and tries to charge ( creating the heat ) . a series of full drains and charges should help , especially if the stats are cleared first . you should be able to do this from clockworkmod recovery if you have it .
i do not think it is your charger ( though you should try another just to discount this ) . i think it is a problem with the phone . my sgs2 is incredibly slow to charge , and sometimes even seems to lose a few % while charging if i actually use the phone . it also gets very hot ( i dropped a temp widget on it and the highest record temp so far is 120f ) . try turning radios off but leave the phone on and see if your charge time improves . i would do them one at a time to see which one is actually the problem child . i have not exactly isolated mine , but personally i think it is the hspa+ .
this happens to me as well and i am glad that i have found a thread related to it . yes , the phone stop charging sometimes and then it will make the battery very hot . if you still charge it and somehow reached 100% , your battery will drain really fast . let me share you guys what i did and actually made my battery last longer . when i noticed that the battery dropped from 100% to 95% in 3 minutes without doing anything , i waited until it reach 85% then turned the phone off . i charged it again up to a 100% ( it actually took a long time again to charge it to 100% ) and after that , my battery is performing a lot better . 12hours and it was just down to 75% with browsing , games and stuff , so this is the trick that i do whenever i encounter this issue . : )
try factory reset . my phone had this issue as well . after a factory reset it worked fine . but be sure you back up all the important data first .
by looking at product specification page of penta is701c , it appears that this dongle is not officially supported . but on same page it says that tablet does support 2g / 3g dongle so i see no reason why it should not work .
i think what you are looking for is a full-blown 3g usb dongle , not just a sim card adapter . see , for example : can i receive/send sms of cell phone number with a tablet using dongle ? a sim card adapter would simply be a device that can read the contents of the sim card and possibly edit it . so it is pretty much like an sd card reader . to send and receive text messages and voice calls , you still need a transmitter , which is what a usb 3g dongle will provide ( if your tablet does not have built-in 3g support ) . however , i am not sure if you can use a 3g dongle to make voice calls , although sms is pretty much a standard feature for such devices .
i have a 10.1 in tablet with a sim card . tablets lack the hardware to make cellular calls - those with cellular sim cards can only use it to access the internet . you might use a service like skype but i am not that familiar with those types of services .
you do not need to compile the source code to get an idea of what aosp looks like ; if you download the android emulator , it includes a default device image that is just aosp plus a few developer tools , without any of the google services . this sums up to : the linux kernel , dalvik vm , java libraries , and android framework stock launcher ( including the various lock screens ) stock keyboard stock browser ( not chrome ) calculator calendar ( syncs to exchange ) camera clock download manager email ( syncs to imap and pop ) gallery ( which also include a media player ) messaging music ( not play music ) people phone search ( local apps , people , and the web via google , not google now ) settings various app widgets almost all of the essential android framework are part of aosp ( e . g . intent system , permission system , activity/service system , content provider system , app widget system , daydream system , standard ui elements , notification bar , dalvik vm , jit compiler , java standard libraries ( apache harmony ) , opengl and renderscript , multimedia framework , connectivity framework , gps , sensors , etc ) . the only significant part of the framework that are not aosp is google cloud messaging , which handles push service , and play store services , which provides application updates , in-app billing , and game services . since these services are highly dependant on google servers , they cannot really be a part of aosp . all of the android development tools are also part of aosp . some important google apps that are not part of aosp includes gmail , google maps , youtube , google now , google+ , chrome , hangout , and play store . here are some screenshots taken from android 4.3 emulator : the launcher , with some stock widgets , enough said : all the apps in aosp pretty much fits into one page , this has been the case since early android : all the widgets :
os monitor might prove helpful here . amongst others , it shows you all current connections including their stati , always along with the target ip ( which you can even get whois details on , see screenshots ) and the app holding it . this might at least help you to narrow down possible candidates . os monitor : open connection , connection target details ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) hint : to transfer data , the connection status must be ESTABLISHED .
mostly it lets you choose when to install it so that you can make sure you phone is plugged in during the update and so as not to tie up your phone for a few minutes if you need it . usually you should install an update as soon as it is convenient to do so .
phone updates are an odd thing . manufacturers decide if the phone is capable of handling the update ( based on the device 's hardware ) and carriers decide when to push the updates to the handsets . there are exceptions , such as wifi only devices , where it is solely up to the manufacturer . however , system updates are generally a good thing . these updates bring bug fixes , security patches , and general improvements to the android experience . there have been some bad updates , that have broke existing features ; but these have been fixed within a few days and are few and far between on recent devices . but how to decide ? if you are hesitant at all to install the update , do some searching for the device and update . technology sites such as gizmodo and engadget post updates to many devices , especially if the update introduces problems . there are also many android specific blogs that post information of patches and updates . if no one is reporting problems then the update should be fine to install .
the original link is dead . i pulled this short guide from way back machine , copied here : with the first few official pre-alpha builds of cyanogenmod 7 being released , it’s worth noting that a new feature has been included that allows you to change the hostname on your device from the settings menu . if you have a supported device , you can get the nightly builds from the teamdouche mirror system . once you’ve flashed ( i take no responsibility if you break something – make sure to read up on issues/pitfalls/requirements before flashing ) , open the settings menu , then choose applications , then development , and select device hostname at the bottom . this setting persists between reboots and rom upgrades ( unless you wipe ) . warning : i accept no responsibility if you brick your phone while doing this . i ditched my iphone due to problems my local provider was having and got an htc dream instead . i promptly rooted it using the cyanogen mod , but noticed that by default , android reports the hostname as ‘localhost’ . i don’t really like this , so i set about finding an easy way to change it . first off , even rooted , the / partition is mounted read-only when you boot normally , so you need to boot to recovery mode ( home+power ) . in the recovery menu , choose to boot to console . from there , browse to /system/etc/init . d . important : make a backup of ’05userinit’ before continuing ! you can do this by simply running the following command – ‘cp 05userinit /05userinit’ ( without quotes ) . this will create a copy of it in the / directory . if you screw up your editing , you can just rm the messed up version and cp the backup back in . to add the command to set the host name , we’re simply going to echo in the following two lines : echo &gt;&gt; 05userinit echo hostname NEWHOSTNAME &gt;&gt; 05userinit  note that there are two spaces after the first ‘echo’ command . this creates a blank line at the end of the file . the second echo adds the hostname command . this way , whenever your phone boots , the hostname is set . also , be sure to use two greater-than signs ( &gt ; ) , as that appends – if you only use one , it overwrites the contents of the file . make sure the edits are correct by typing ‘tail 05userinit’ – as long as it isn’t blank , and there’s more than just the hostname line , you’re golden . reboot the phone by typing ‘reboot’ at the prompt and hitting ‘enter’ , and you’re done . once you’ve booted back up , open up your terminal emulator of choice and type ‘hostname’ ( by itself , no parameters ) – it should echo out whatever hostname you specified . update ( april 6th , 2010 ) : to change your hostname on cyanogen 5 . x , add the following line to the bottom of /system/etc/init . d/01sysctl — and make sure you make a backup of 01sysctl before editing it ! echo NEWHOSTNAME &gt; /proc/sys/kernel/hostname 
easytether lite works for me . i have used it on an xp machine as well as a mac . i love that it is cross-platform . shares your phone internet connection with computer/laptop/notebook ( windows 7/vista/xp 64-bit/32-bit , mac os x 10.4/10.5/10.6 , ubuntu 10.4+ ) . easytether works via usb . does not need root access . there is also easytether full . full app allows https - access to secure sites such as facebook , gmail , online banking etc . full app allows you to tether ps3 , xbox 360 , wii via your pc - enable internet connection sharing on your computer for that .
pdanet : http://www.junefabrics.com/android/mac.php
your device is currently in either : ( non-samsung ) fastboot mode or . . . ( samsung ) download mode . in this case , because you are not actively transferring files , you should be able to safely reboot it .
without root astro does not have permission to view the contents of the /data directory . it probably displays it as " empty " in an attempt to handle it gracefully , i would guess ( but that is mostly a guess ) . it seems like a fairly sensible alternative to other solutions , though , aside from perhaps giving you a message that says " permission denied " or similar .
an adition to yrajabi 's anwser : in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks ) sleep might change this if wifi is set to sleep when screen is off - wifi turns off and data comes back on ( unless data is force-disabled as per yrajabi ) . to keep wifi on during sleep be sure to set : settings> wireless and networks> wi-fi settings> menu button> advanced> wifi sleep policy to never .
in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks )
juicedefender allows you to turn your radio on and off and to set triggers for this . tasker will also do this . one thing to note , the "3g " radio is the same radio that you use to make voice calls , at least it is on cdma phones . by controlling the apn you can turn on and off your 3g data and reap gains in battery life without turning off the radio . i am not 100% on this but i believe for phones that are not yet on froyo ( 2.2 ) an app is required to control the apn like apndroid or quicksettings . i am not sure how well these work with the automated trigger apps mentioned above .
if it is an mp3 file , then you can use mp3 cutter . it is free on the play store . if you need one for a different file format , let me know and i will find you a solution that supports that audio format .
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
i had this issue in the past with my samsung galaxy s vibrant . what i did , and it solved my problem was : go in to Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync select the gmail account with issue turn off sync for gmail turn back on sync for gmail if this does not fully solve the issue , but it did for me , try the following : go in to Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications select the all tab find the gmail application and select it click on clear data and clear cache if you have multiple accounts on the device , it may remove them from accounts and sync . at the very least , you will have to go back to accounts and sync to re-enable gmail sync . it really is not that big of a deal to clear the gmail data because it is all constantly sync'd with the google servers . it will clear out any gmail app settings you have set , like your signature on your phone if you set one .
i am afraid not . there is an official 2.3.6 upgrade available , but it is not available using android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update system , so you have to use samsung kies on a pc to flash it to the phone . there are also unofficial 4.1.2 upgrades available , but similarly , you need kies to flash the phone .
yes , you will have to reflash rom to restore to purchase day settings . since you deleted those . apk files , a simple reset will not do the trick . imei is hard coded in phone , reflashing firmware will have no affect on that . however , i do not see how any of the apps you listed as deleted should have anything to do with fm radio reception . . . . maybe the samsungapps has the programming to make radio work ?
first you should try to use the settings item " reset phone " . you can find it at settings-> back up and reset -> factory data reset . but remember : if you do this all your data will be deleted so do a backup on your pc or cloud first . if this does not help try to find out your kernel and build and baseband . normally settings -> about phone . load your firmware from samfirmware and flash it with odin . there are several guides you can find ( one is at samfirmware too ) . maybe there is a solution without resetting or flashing , but i do not know any . hope it helps you .
i would not recommend using a rom that was not built to go with your specific device . if you use a rom that does not go with your device , even if the rom goes with your device on a different carrier , you risk bricking the device . make sure that your device specs match exactly to the rom specs . rule of thumb when it comes to roms : close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades .
stock froyo ? no , not at the moment . custom rom ? take a look at xda forums , there are some roms currently in progress , but might be unstable on your phone .
froyo is released for the milestone go to this page to get it from motorola : http://www.motorola.com/staticfiles/support/gb-en/froyo/milestonenotification.htm
yes . /system is for persistent firmware files and will survive a wipe/reset unless you do not install another firmware ( depends on the mod 's installer/installation script : some preserve other files , some do not ) .
there is another style of app that simply keeps the gps working non-stop or more regularly . the android system , unlike ce and systems used in various gps only units , has a feature of letting the gps go back to sleep until needed . or we could reverse that and say that it only wakes it up as needed . this can save a lot of power ( a lot more in the early years of these devices ) . if you can keep the gps reciever awake and continually polling the sattalites , any time you actually need this data , it will be working , it will be gathering data from many sattalites and the accuracy of a single quick poll of the location will be much better . again only because the gps receiver is running non-stop . ( not too special , but it is a method ) one app of this style is " tracker booster " , also " gps status " ( a real status program ) has both methods possible ( agps and keep alive ) . many car dock and car home type apps , will apply the " keep polling " the gps method . plus any app that simply needs to use the gps data , speed widgets , speedometers , location tools . anything that keeps the gps awake and going . when is a location not a good location :- ) quick polls of the sat data from the gps only expect there to be a " lock " which only requires 2 sats for 2d and 3 sats for 3d positioning . but this position is not hugely accurate . given enough time running , the gps can lock onto more like 8-20 sats ( in the us ) and aquire a positioning that is within 9 meters ( thats about max from what i have seen ) . add in some averaging ( multiple polls same location ) a full fix , clear view of the sky i can confirm my location within about a 10 feet area . the claims of this style of apps to be more accurate , and faster fixes , is achieved by keeping the gps awake , that is all . when hiking , gps tracking , gps cache hunting , or car navigating , most applications already keep the gps running non-stop , but not all of them , and not for all situations . if an app is pushed to the background and has no settings for keeping the gps alive , when it comes back on the accuracy will suffer some for a while . serious gpsers will employ such a method to . . . keep the gps alive , which does help . in this different method , agps assistance can still be employed to gain a faster first fix . if your device has no data connection of any sort , and the gps software does not fail when agps is not loaded , keeping the gps going will keep a good fix on the sats going , agps at that point is unnessisary . both types of programs show up in the store , often with very poor explaination of the functions , so it helps to know what method ( s ) is employed .
one of the apps you have a picture of , the venerable gps status and toolbox , describes this claim in the app description : keep your gps fast : reset it or download a-gps data regularly for faster fixes wikipedia does a great job defining the basic concepts behind assisted-gps : standalone gps provides first position in approximately 30–40 seconds . a standalone gps system needs orbital information of the satellites to calculate the current position . the data rate of the satellite signal is only 50 bit/s , so downloading orbital information like ephemeris and almanac directly from satellites typically takes a long time , and if the satellite signals are lost during the acquisition of this information , it is discarded and the standalone system has to start from scratch . in agps , the network operator deploys an agps server . these agps servers download the orbital information from the satellite and store it in the database . an agps capable device can connect to these servers and download this information using mobile network radio bearers such as gsm , cdma , wcdma , lte or even using other wireless radio bearers such as wi-fi . usually the data rate of these bearers is high , hence downloading orbital information takes less time . if your phone 's a-gps cache is corrupt or stale , forcing a refresh can be beneficial . normally , android does in fact take care of maintaining this cache automatically . i have personally only used this app to help diagnose and solve gps problems , something it does very well . in normal usage i would not bother with the a-gps cache until you find it needs intervention .
regular android messaging apps tend to disallow files other than image/video . i use tmail by phonelight available from google play store : tmail breaks the restrictions of all the messaging apps . it is the only app that allows the user to attach any kind of file to an mms message . you are now not limited to image , audio or video file . tmail has expanded the mms capability . you can use the trial version to test it . the unlimited version costs 0,81€ .
try using aviary instead . it is an excellent photo-editor app with even more features than the default one , and it works for me , even when i flash experimental jb roms where the camera does not even work . this is a strange problem , unique to your device , and you should probably report it on the cm forums . hth !
you probably have to use odin . i have done it myself , and it worked for me . i used it to root my phone ( sgs2 ) . i have postponed it for months , afraid it would brick my phone , but it did not . make a backup of all important data . find a good manual on youtube , xda-developers or via google . compare them , and see what they say . be prepared that it can go wrong . if it goes wrong , it could mean that your phone is bricked . i have a friend who bricked his samsung phone , and samsung repaired it without making problems over a rooted phone . google will not update your phone . samsung has to prepare an update because of phone specific drivers and their own specific apps . that is the only official way to update , and if samsung does not make that update , there is no alternative but to use a rom .
is a third-party mail client a possibility ? if yes , i would recommend k-9 mail , works great for me . and yes , it supports changing account colors .
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
i had the same issue with the endless captcha . there is a solution though . go to https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha on a pc or a web-browser and unlock the captcha for your account . you will then be able to login again with username and password on your device . hope this helps
try unlock the captcha : https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha then , go back to your android phone e retype o password .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
when i go to my date and time settings , there is option that says : automatic - use network-provided values . so , basing on this wording ( also in other languages ) , i would say that automatic time is provided from your carrier . there are apps , that can sync your clock with gps satellites or ntp servers .
if you use google+ , you could install the google+ app which can auto-upload videos and photos from your phone to your g+ account . these photos and videos can also be accessed online via picasa web albums which point to the same place as your google+ photo albums . on the phone these become visible in the built-in gallery app , if you enable the Sync Google Photos and Sync Google+ options on your account via Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; &lt;your Google account&gt; . on the desktop you can use google 's own picasa application to organize and sync your photos/videos between your pc and your google account .
right now it is not possible to sync through play video , however , you may soon be able to purchase movies from the market and have them stay in the cloud until needed . you could try alternatives such as box , or dropbox , ( there are many competitors in this file-locker space ) , they allows you to sync nearly anything across devices . google video , at least on my xoom , will pick up movies out of any folder without the . nomedia file in it . ( edited to remove falsehood of no google services allowing syncing : ) )
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
the solution is possibly covered in : set mp3 ringtone in nexus s . in summary , copy the downloaded file to /sdcard/media/audio/ringtones , and it'll be available as a ringtone upon next boot . if this does not help , another way could be as given here .
enter su first . > su > ls /data make sure your device is rooted .
if you have an app like astro file manager you can just copy/paste the file from the music maniac folder to the music folder . it'll then be in your music player playlist . if you go to the downloaded songs tab in the music maniac app and hit the menu button , it'll tell you the file path . i think it is storage/emulated/0/music maniac . this is on my htc one .
i have had this problem and the fix for me was something as silly as just renaming the folder . i originally created the folder , then moved music into it . this probably caused the issue , but i am not sure .
what is the music format of the files ? it seems that the google play music app cannot recognized some file formats , just like . wma files . i have got such music files like this on my android devices and google play music does not find them too . i solved this problem by using another music player . i use vlc for android and it recognizes all my music files . moreover you can specify to it the folders containing your music ( in case some of the music files which should belong to your media library are not in the music folder ) . vlc is still in beta version and misses some features but it will be the best android media player when he comes out of beta .
i had a load of mp3 files which i tried to copy onto my htc one and after spending weeks trying to get the media scanning working i eventually tried an android conversion app ( mediaconverter ) from google play . i re-converted them to mp3 and after that they showed up . . . . john . . .
try an android media scanning process using apps such as sd scanner ( other older media scan apps seem to crash in 4.4 ) . once done , the new files should show up in play music ( i personally found android 's background running of the scanning process to be too slow ) . it could be due to the . nomedia file ( see " hiding your files from the media scanner " on the android api guide ) in the folder containing the files ( or even in a parent folder ) which prevents the any media from appearing in play music . since . nomedia is a dot file , it is considered a hidden file and your file explorer may not show it in by default and you may have to dig into the settings . oi file manager has an option to view hidden files . with regards to not being able to see the files on the computer . strangely on osx using the android file transfer app that is provided by google , the musicmanic folder /sdcard/musicmanic appears as a file and not a folder using adb shell , it appears as a folder using airdroid on my nexus 4 , my computer can connect to the phone and /sdcard/musicmanic appears as a folder which can be downloaded . so i guess for now , try use airdroid to transfer the files across .
play music ( for me anyways ) seems to only see files in the music/ directory . if your songs are in another folder , move them into the music folder and see if that works . if you do not have this folder you may need to create it . play music also seems to have a problem with files that have not been transferred from your computer over usb . try moving your files out of the music folder and back in again .
i have had similar issues in connection with rom upgrades but never figured out the cause , it never seemed to be permissions related for example , but a solution that i seem to remember worked was to " re-write " the files . essentially you cut the files over to your pc and then copy them back in , making them " new " files from the android device 's perspective , and they show up . might work for you , it is worth a shot .
install sshdroid on your phone and mount it on your linux box using sshfs . even if a wifi network is unavailable , you can still manage a transfer just by setting up wifi tethering on your phone ( this will even work without a data connection , say when you are travelling ) . connect your laptop to the wifi tether and then turn on sshdroid . after that it is just like copying to a server . you can use a command like : scp /home/daniel/Music/* 192.168.48.1:/mnt/sdcard/Music/  or even mount that remote sftp server to a local path . just google for sshfs fstab . just note that the ip mentioned here will likely be different for you . note that data will move between your laptop and your phone on the local network , not using up your mobile data connection ( if you even have access to one ) , so there is no need to worry about data fees .
the best hassle free way to transfer files between ubuntu and your device is by using and ftp client like filezilla on ubuntu and software data cable for your android device . you can then transfer files via ftp . works for me . hope it helps .
i did what @logos suggested . if you are looking for solution for your galaxy tab ( tablet , not galaxy phone ) , then upon plugging usb data cable to your linux computer you will see a usb connection icon . tap on notification aera , then on usb connection , then tap on check-box that is non-mtp connection option . then you will see your galaxy tab 's sd card mounted on your desktop . if you browse folders - you will find them empty , content is not shown . just transfer your files where you want them to be . the opposite direction is not working , i guess .
just bought a galaxy note 10.1 , and ran through same problem to transfer file through usb with my ubuntu 12.04 pc . now , it seems that using ' connect as a camera ' is smoother . . . no need of any other software . go to settings / developer options , and check ' usb debugging ' then open the main menu ( where you get the notifications ) and tap on " connected as . . . " to open the ' storage settings/usb pc connection ' menu ( can figure out how to access it another way ) : 2 options ' media device ( mtp ) ' and ' camera ( ptp ) ' . i checked the camera ( ptp ) . then connect the device to the pc , cancel all messages that may appear on the pc , and normally the device should mount automatically : 2 icons should appear on the desktop : 1 is the main card , the other the extension card . now you can copy and past files from the pc to the device cards via nuatilus like for any other device . but . . . you do not have access to the files on the cards : ie , the directories appear empty ( if they appear at all ) . so you may need to shuffle the files around afterwards on the device directly to re-arrange the locations etc . . . appart from that , drag and drop files on the extsd card does work : the files are copied , no pb . you do have access to the files and directories you just copied though . some characters seems to be forbidden in the names of files and directories that you copy . do not use : " or : or ? and perhaps some others . the . - _ and ' are ok . but having a forbidden character in the file or directory name causes an error as reported in the original post :"error creating directory : -1: unspecified error " if pb is in the name of the directory you want to copy , or " error copying file xxxx : -1: unspecified error " if it is in the file name .
i have a galaxy s2 and i resolved a similar problem using the phone just as a mass storage device ( and not using mtp ) , following this tutorial from askubuntu ( it worked nicely ) : go to the settings under wireless and network click on " more " select usb utilities click the " connect storage to pc " now you can plug in the usb cable and use usb mass storage . on more modern versions of android , you may need to click the " more…" item in settings . this contains the " usb utilities " item , mentioned above .
ubuntu 10 requires manual editing of your udev config in order to recognize an android device 's sd card . as root create the text file "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line for a samsung device : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666"  save the file and exit the editor , then set the permissions of the file and restart the udev system : $ sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules $ sudo restart udev udev start/running, process xxxx  if that does not work , you can also install an app for file xfring as other answers have recommended . personally i favour samba filesharing .
use kies . it transfers files between devices in an easy way , using a web browser . awesome !
see if your friend created a backup of your phone - that is a suggested step in lots of root instructions , and it is possible he did this so you can just re-add the missing application . assuming this was not done though , you may want to just start over . the following webpage has information on using odin ( samsung service application ) to restore the original software to your phone . it looks like it covers all the regional variants , you will need to read carefully to find the applicable software and process for your region . if you provide more regional information , i will see if i can find more precise steps . https://galaxy551.wordpress.com/2012/01/08/the-stock-rom-and-odin-thread/ update : i do not speak the language and the google translate is very sloppy - so i may be misunderstanding this thread . hopefully you speak the language . for a brazilian phone , this forum thread has steps for installing a rooted stock 2.3.4 update ( sounds like a prerelease leak of an official rom , which are common to samsung devices ) and reply #8 in the thread also gives steps for installing the 2.2 version that you have installed right now . update #2: since i started replying , that forum stopped responding . hopefully just a temporary glitch , but just in case , here 's another page i found that includes links to download the brazilian software .
you could separate your lecture audio from music using playlists from the native android music player or with doubletwist . another option might be cloudaround . you can use the player to sync music from various cloud storage providers but it also allows you to hide what you do not want to see or play from your app settings . you could hide all music files and use the player for dedicated lecture-listening .
deadbeef allows you to manage multiple playlists . the playlists are not those in a traditional sense ( where you load pls , cue , etc ) in that you select directories to populate the playlists . if you were to store you files on your phone in such a manner : /sdcard/music/lectures/ . . /sdcard/music/music/ . . you could then create two playlists , loading the respective directories . deadbeef will ask you to install a plugins pack on first launch . these plugins allows you to play mp3s , as well as flacs and cues . android market qr
there is a setting " back up local folders " within the auto-backup settings which when checked will upload any images/videos on your device . if you uncheck this setting it should only backup the camera folder . screenshots from google+ v4.3.1.63038142 running on my nexus 5: click image for larger version
you can add any public calendar in your android device with out any app . how to add country holiday calendar on android phone
on my nexus 7 ( jellybean 4.2 ) , i went to settings then clicked on my google account ( eg somebody@gmail.com ) . under that option it showed the optional calenders i have on my pc version which i could then select . hope this helps .
can you see the calendar if you go to your calendar app and open menu -> more -> settings -> calendars ? check that it is enabled there . you could also try to remove/readd the calendar from the pc and then sync your phone again .
i had a similar problem to yours on my galaxy s . i have about 5 calendars set on google , but the calendar app of the phone only shows 3 of them to be displayed . on the vanilla android calendar there is a way to add more , but samsung removed this option from the menu . fortunatley i have found a not-too-sophisticated workaround for this . from market i have installed a calendar app called jorte . in jorte , you can choose to use the google calendars , and it has a similar setup screen where you can pick which calendars to display . that screen is verify similar to the stock calendar 's setup screen , but has one extra option : add calendar , which helps you to add your other google calendars . after this , you can even uninstall jorte , the calendars you have added will appear in the stock calendar app as well .
from this post , it seems that only very specific conditions seem to trigger this bug . also , afaik , this only seems to affect the default messaging app , using a replacement like handcent seems to be the way to go . more info on the bug here . specifically , there is something about certain email-to-sms messages that corrupts android 's sqlite database , causing unpredictable results thereafter . the most commonly cited offender is alerts sent by bank of america , though sms alerts sent by linkedin and t-mobile are also cited . it is possible that any sms where the sender is an email address will do the trick , or it is possible there is something else these specific senders ' messages have in common . to be clear : if you have never received one of these corrupting messages , you will never be able to reproduce the bug . that is why it is only affecting a small group of android users . if you have fallen prey to the issue , you should be able to fix it by performing a hard reset ( wiping all data ) and then blocking the offending sender ( s ) from sending you texts in the future .
the file is not encrypted , unless your specify so when creating the backup . it is however compressed ( using deflate ) . you can find out the exact format by looking at android source ( com/android/server/backupmanagerservice . java ) code , and , technically , should be able to extract specific data from it . however , iirc , there are some file integrity checks in place , so it most probably will not work if you just delete a bunch of data from it . unfortunately the restore command does not seem to have an option to restore a particular app/package only or exclude a package .
i started working on this . i am posting my results so far here as a " community wiki " answer for two reasons : first , if someone else wants to join in , there is a place to talk ; second , if i get pulled away from this project , there will be hints for someone else to start working . &nbsp ; the backup logic on the host is entirely contained within https://github.com/android/platform_system_core/blob/master/adb/commandline.c, in the function named backup . the function is very simple : it validates the command line options , sends the command mostly as-is to the adb daemon on the phone , and writes the phone 's output to the file . there is not even error-checking : if , for example , you refuse the backup on the phone , adb just writes out an empty file . on the phone , the backup logic starts in service_to_fd() in https://github.com/android/platform_system_core/blob/master/adb/services.c. the function identifies that the command from the host is "backup" , and passes the unparsed command to backup_service() in https://github.com/android/platform_system_core/blob/master/adb/backup_service.c. that , in turn , is a thin wrapper around /system/bin/bu , which is a trivial shell script to launch com.android.commands.bu.Backup as then main-class of a new android app process . that calls ServiceManager.getService("backup") to get the backup service as an IBackupManager , and calls IBackupManager.fullBackup() , passing it the still-unused file descriptor ( very indirectly ) connected to the backup.ab file on the host . control passes to fullBackup() in com . android . server . backupmanagerservice , which pops up the gui asking the user to confirm/reject the backup . when the user do so , acknowledgeFullBackupOrRestore() ( same file ) is called . if the user approved the request , acknowledgeFullBackupOrRestore() figures out if the backup is encrypted , and passes a message to BackupHandler ( same file . ) BackupHandler then instantiates and kicks off a PerformFullBackupTask ( same file , line 2228 as of time of writing ) we finally start generating output there , in PerformFullBackupTask.run() , between line 2367 and line 2453 . first , run() writes a header , which consists of either 4 or 9 ascii lines : "ANDROID BACKUP" the backup format version : currently always "1" either "0" if the backup is uncompressed or "1" if it is the encryption method : currently either "none" or "AES-256" ( if encrypted ) , the " user password salt " encoded in hex , all caps ( if encrypted ) , the " master key checksum salt " encoded in hex , all caps ( if encrypted ) , the " number of pbkdf2 rounds used " as a decimal number ( if encrypted ) , the " iv of the user key " encoded in hex , all caps ( if encrypted ) , the " master iv + key blob , encrypted by the user key " encoded in hex , all caps the actual backup data follows , either as ( depending on compression and encryption ) tar , deflate(tar) , encrypt(tar) , or encrypt(deflate(tar)) . &nbsp ; todo : write up the code path that generates the tar output -- you can simply use tar as long as entries are in the proper order ( see below ) . tar archive format app data is stored under the app/ directory , starting with a _manifest file , the apk ( if requested ) in a/ , app files in f/ , databases in db/ and shared preferences in sp/ . if you requested external storage backup ( using the -shared option ) , there will also be a shared/ directory in the archive containing external storage files . encryption details an aes 256 key is derived from the backup encryption password using 10000 rounds of pbkdf2 with a randomly generated 512 bit salt . an aes 256 master key is randomly generated a master key ' checksum ' is generated by running the master key through 10000 rounds of pbkdf2 with a new randomly generated 512 bit salt . a random backup encryption iv is generated . the iv , master key , and checksum are concatenated and encrypted with the key derived in 1 . the resulting blob is saved in the header as a hex string . the actual backup data is encrypted with the master key and appended to end of the file . sample pack/unpack code implementation ( produces/uses ) tar archives : https://github.com/nelenkov/android-backup-extractor some more details here : http://nelenkov.blogspot.com/2012/06/unpacking-android-backups.html perl scripts for packing/unpacking and fixing broken archives : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=27840175#post27840175
great and detailed answer from nikolay elenkov . however i should added that somebody already develop a software that do just that and package it here : http://sourceforge.net/projects/adbextractor/ the package contains both java and perl tool . i myself prefer perl over java any day , so i extracted the perl codes , make sure they are executable , installed the required perl library , and run the backupdecrypt.pl against an adb backup file , and it convert it into a tar or gzipped tar file without any issue . i even formed a one liner in bash 3 that allow me to do adb backup directly to gzipped tar file : adb backup -f &gt;(backupdecrypt.pl -D -z - backup.tgz) -all  hope it helps .
for certain devices , such as the nexus 7 , that is not possible because the stock rom unifies /data and what would normally be used as an sd card with fuse mounts . if the restore program erased the /data partition , it would wipe out the backup because it is stored within /data . for example , with twrp it would be at /data/media/0/TWRP/BACKUPS/(deviceSerial)/ in a subdirectory of one 's choosing , but by default is composed of yyyy-mm-dd-hh-mm-ss ( buildid ) when the backup was started , for example "2013-12-28-14-12-18 kot49h " . what i think twrp will attempt to do on a restore is to recursively unlink ( 2 ) /rmdir ( 2 ) everything except the twrp directory tree . when i did a restore , it printed a message about wiping /data . it very well could depend on which recovery you use too . twrp might have a different way than cwm , which may be different from cot and so on . it might also depend on whether the device has an sd card slot or not ( a nexus 7 does not ) .
i tested this , and your concern is valid . i added a dummy file to /system and then did a nandroid restore . the dummy file survived . repeated the same test on /data with same result . so i do not know why cwm does not wipe those partitions first . the cwm author probably made an assumption it does not matter or there may be a valid reason they do not get wiped .
usually a nand restore will overwrite the partitions it restores completely . everything currently on the partition will be overwritten , and the exact same state from the backup will be restored . so wiping before restoring is not really necessary , as it will be completely overwritten anyway . instead it is usually recommended to wipe cache partitions ( including dalvik cache ) after the nand backup is restored to make sure that the restored state can be recovered correctly ( and is not affected by cache issues ) .
have a play with surelock in the play store . it is pretty good at locking the home screen down .
you cannot grant su to any normal file manager . the application has to " request " su . that is where applications like root explorer come in . afaik , astro file manager does not even make use of su . if it does , some one tell me how because i like that file manager , and will use it for my " root " tasks .
i am not sure how you had do that with the built-in file manager , but there are several file managers that will work . i use root explorer , and i have heard many other recommend astro file manager ( which has a free version , i believe ) . they should work if you have the superuser app installed ( i would assume it comes with cm , but it is in the market if not ) .
i can not tell you for sure , but the android os supports x509 so i would assume the browser does as well .
you will have to copy and paste . i do not know why the long click does not work , but i assume because the url does not start with " http " . i have found the easiest way to create bookmarklets is to do it on the pc and then import the bookmarks , or by copying the text of the js url to a text file , emailing or dropboxing it to my phone and then copying and pasting the text into a bookmark .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
the first time you boot a device after installing a new rom , or wiping the dalvik cache , the os needs to rebuild the dalvik cache . this cache is what is used to launch the applications on the device quicker . any time you install a new application or update an application , a dalvik cache for the application is created . when you wipe the cache , this needs to be rebuilt . the more apps you have installed , the longer it will take the first time it boots . as a good practice , you should clear the dalvik cache when ever you update your rom . on top of that , there could be extra boot scripts that will " extend " boot time .
for quick access to your email address i agree with lie ryan , entering it into your user dictionary will bring it up as an auto suggestion as you type , however i would not do this for more sensitive information . for a more secure and even faster method i would recommend using dolphin browser hd with the lastpass plugin . lastpass lets you securely save user login and password info , as well as different profiles with addresses and credit card numbers . with this setup you can fill out a whole form with one click . if you do not use dolphin browser you can accomplish the same thing with the auto-fill bookmarklets that lastpass offers .
you might be interested in my answer on this question application to switch among multiple running applications additionally , smart keyboard pro does text macros .
i would put it into the keyboard 's user dictionary . there are a few clipboard/snippet manager application , you might be interested if you need to store longer texts : clipper text snippet lite ime
in order to access truecrypt containers/files , you need to use 3rd party apps like eds or cryptonite . for the latter , which you already have , follow the instructions in their faq to mount with correct permissions : truecrypt --fs-options="uid=1000,gid=1000,umask=0002" volume.tc /sdcard/tc 
System Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; IMAP &gt; [email account] &gt; top-right menu: Remove account .
google stuffed up the labeling here - the way to do it is to go to your phones main settings . under accounts you will find imap ( should have been labeled " email" ) . tap imap . then tap the account you want to remove , and then tap the dots at the top right and choose remove account . done .
if geffchang 's answer did not work , you can try this at a last resort . system setting > apps > all > email > deactivate . however , this not only removes the account you wanted to remove but also all other accounts .
your tl ; dr ; answer is : no . your carrier will always see the imei code of the phone . it is like a mac address on a lan . spoofing or changing the imei of a device is illegal . since in s.e. we will not go beyond the law , nobody is changing the imei . you can check the model and status of any device by its imei , in this link here . the p1000 sits on the boundary between a phone and a tablet ( humpty dum-p1000 sitting on a wall . . . ) . there are some like @onik♦ or your carrier that will see it as a tablet , but screen size ( and there are several 7 inch phones out there ) is hardly enough to make a device a tablet . . . p1000 runs only up to 2.3 gingerbread ( stock ) - several apps behave as phone only because of that . it makes calls and messaging , so i call a mistrial on this whole tablet or phone thing . we are specifically talking of the p1000 here . the other generations of the galaxy tab series can fall into the tablet side of the wall , but the p1000 ? no . good luck convincing your carrier of either . my money is on them telling you to suck it ( as bad as it sounds ) .
use xperia notes app . this allows you to add texts , draw pictures and record audios as well . it also has a widget . but the app may not be compatible with your device .
when your phone is in hotspot mode , it will only use your mobile data . you will need to remember to switch the hotspot off when you have wifi available . you might be able to script the shutting down of the hotspot with tasker or locale , but i am not sure if the " wifi near " function would work when in hotspot mode ( a good topic for its own question ) . your nexus 7 will tend to connect to the strongest signal available , and then stay connected to that network until it loses the connection . when you turn off the hotspot on your nexus 4 , the tablet should auto-connect to an available wifi network .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
what you are experiencing is probably the " sudden death " issue experienced by several users . you could try updating your firmware to the latest firmware released by samsung or flash a custom rom to fix the issue .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
alternatively , you could use adb reboot recovery . if you do not have fastboot , this will be the only option . once you have rebooted into recovery , there will be four options : reboot system now apply update from sdcard wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition press the - Volume Button twice and then press the power button . then go down seven times , since all the other options are ' no ' . if done right , your data should be wiped . if you want , wipe the cache partition too . then go up and reboot the system .
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
from the main screen ( list of threads ) , long click on the thread and choose the option to " backup thread . " this will save the thread to your sd card as an xml file .
although we may not be referring to the same program , i had issues with android 's built in voice dialer app . there are a few replacement voice dialer apps on google play , including choice dialer . in many of these alternative voice dialers , there are options for controlling the confidence threshold before taking an action . in the case of choice dialer , if a command cannot be understood with a configurable level of confidence , it asks you to confirm with a simple yes or no . i found that this alone made it a lot better than the built-in voice dialer . so , to answer your question , consider getting a replacement voice dialer .
enter *#*#4636#*#* in your dialer and select "3g only " mode on the menu that opens .
there is an app for 3g only mode : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobnetic.only3g however your phone should automatically try and go for 3g if there is a 3g connection available , it will never choose 2g over 3g so i do not see why this would be useful . . . there is still a 2g only mode to save battery in settings -> mobile networks
technically speaking there is no completely safe rooting of any devices , this is because rooting allows complete access to device files . so rooting no there is no really ' safe ' way . you can however root your phone and then just be careful with what you install and do on your phone . i honestly do not see much of a reason to root a phone , but if you want to then just be careful . also there had not been a release of saferoot and probably will not be for awhile due to android 4.4 kitkat still being a fairly new os .
not sure you have fixed this or not . if you are still out of luck , try root the phone via below tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1832485
facebook 's notifications come through google cloud messaging ( gcm ) . as such , the facebook app itself is not using the network at all , as all apps ' gcm messages come through one connection , owned by the google play services process . there is no user control for individual gcm endpoints . it is up to facebook to provide an option for notifications .
market version 3.3.11 now has a setting called " auto-update apps " . enabling it will effectively set each individual app associated with the account to auto-update , and disabling it will of course do the opposite . this setting is found by simply going into the market 's settings ( Menu Button-&gt;Settings on phones , or use the top-right action bar on honeycomb ) . you can read about the release here . it also has links that could help you sideload the update if it is not automatically available to you .
you could use a program like droidwall to block market 's internet access , this should keep it from installing/uninstalling programs .
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
when in android market select my apps . u will see all the applications installed . select tha one u want to disable automatic updates . u will see a small checkbox at the bottom . uncheck it .
titanium backup ( root only ) has " market tools " . one of these tools is " market auto updates " which presents a list of all your apps with their checkboxes for auto-updates . you can sort the enabled apps to the top , and you can " deselect all " to disable automatic updating for all apps .
if you have titanium backup installed you could try and freeze the program software update .
here 's the trick : use an app manager to force stop the play store , then clear all the data . go to the play store 's settings , then deselect " auto update apps by default "
no , apps cannot be installed on sim . what you describe are rather sim services . afaik you can use those with the " sim toolkit " app only ( which is where you also should find your &lt;operator-name-here&gt; , and where you should be able to see what is installed there ) . as long as you did not actively subscribe to any of those services , they should simply stay dormant and never bother you . last time i have checked for those must be 10 years ago , on my old nokia . i never encountered them afterwards , though not ( un ) installing anything on/from sim . neither i ever heard about " automatic sms " . even service sms must be approved by the user before being executed . but as many of those services are rather a kind of " sms mailing lists " , could it be that should mean " please subscribe to one of them " ?
try b1 free archiver , or androzip™ file manager . if the file still does not open properly , it might be possible that the archive is corrupt . try opening the same archive on pc as well , just to be sure .
solid explorer should be able to open rar files . try opening the file on a pc , as it may be corrupted .
one possibility would be to prefix all numbers in your contact list by *31# ( which turns the callerid on for that call only ) , while having callerid disabled in your settings . depending on whether the phone app is intelligent enough to detect this as to not belonging to the number , incoming calls should still be matched fine ( you could of course first try it out with one number to check ) . second possibility is the other way around : having callerid globally enabled , and prefix manually entered numbers by #31# . being unsure which method to use , take a third option and a look at prefixer , which should be able to do the one or the other for you -- depending on how you configure that app .
you might want to take a look at this answer or , even better , at android folder hierarchy , which most likely gives you the necessary details . using that information , your best approach to backup via adb might be : if is the device to back up , of the target ( i just placed the image file in the root of your sdcard , you might wish to adjust that ) . take care not to mix up the two , or you might destroy your system ! ( this is why dd sometimes is backronymed " data destroyer" ) . bs defines how much data to read/write in a single operation , my example uses 1 mb ; you might play with this and e.g. use "8m " to speed things up , but do not set this too high . above example just handles the /system partition . repeat it similarly for any of the other ones listed in the linked question which you want to have backed up .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
this answer is certainly not eligible for the bounty , but i am afraid the answer is : it is not possible . even though i can not share resources that do tell us that it is not possible , i can share resources you had expect to have the answer , but do not : this google-fu leads mostly to development threads again , with "-developer " added things do not improve much the help center on facebook is utterly useless as well , even with more specific queries the settings for version 1.8.4 of the facebook app do not contain any remotely close option ( there are not too many settings , anyway ) . perhaps someone else can refute this answer ?
alas , it is not possible officially . as the message told you , there are dependancies on the running kernel . this belongs to the core of your phone 's operating system and is only meant to be upgraded by official updates from sony ericsson . your current firmware is however already the latest version sony ericsson provides for the x8 as it has reached end-of-life update-wise . hence , you cannot do anything about it except installing a non-official community mod . for the sake of completeness : such a mod exists , see this for an example . however , it is not an easy path to get it working initially . i would suggest you refrain from installing it if you have concerns to void your warranty and do not want to end up with a broken device .
download barnacle wifi tether this app will load it is own drivers and actually use your phone as a modem . i have used it once before with my x8 android 2.1 also .
i decided to look up some data , and my guess seems to be correct : http://nesl.ee.ucla.edu/fw/documents/reports/2007/poweranalysis.pdf according to the report , bluetooth takes the least amount of energy . however your 3g radio will probably take the most energy ; maintaining a 3g connection without transferring any data is cheap , but once you start sending/receiving data , then it trumps even wi-fi . wifi radios have a high wakeup and connection maintenance energy , but low energy per bit transmission cost and high bandwidth . cellular radios have low connection maintenance energy , but high energy per bit transmission cost and low bandwidth . disclaimer : the study might only apply for the particular model that the device they use .
as of this moment , it is not possible to convert a user into a profile . however , you could create a profile based on the existing user . downside : since a profile does not have a google account tied to it , they can not have a gmail app . and as you have already mentioned , they would also lose those user-specific data . update #1: from android . com , it says that a restricted profile is a subset of a user 's account . it is using the same user account , albeit restricted . so the profile is quite different from a user , where it is tied to a different google account . each restricted profile offers an isolated and secure space with its own local storage , home screens , widgets , and settings . unlike with users , profiles are created from the tablet owner’s environment , based on the owner’s installed apps and system accounts . the owner controls which installed apps are enabled in the new profile , and access to the owner’s accounts is disabled by default .
on rooted system change in xml file for user in /data/system/users/ flags from 16 to 24 example : user id="11" serialnumber="13" flags="24" created="1373565328127" lastloggedin="1376779161829" icon="/data/system/users/11/photo . png " here are the constants https://android.googlesource.com/platform/frameworks/base.git/+/android-4.2.2_r1/core/java/android/content/pm/userinfo.java engycz
so i tried to "Clear Data" , instead of just "Clear Cache" in the google service framework ( and forced stop ) . i then ran the checkin again ( dial *#*#2432546#*#* in the phone app ) , and now i am being shown the new Android 4.3 System Update .
i have a nexus 5 with kikat 4.4.2 try this : setting> apps select the ' blank app ' scroll down until you see a button ' clear defaults ' click ' clear defaults ' that how i switch between chrome and chrome beta browser . hope this help
touch and hold on the video until a menu opens and at the bottom you will see something like open with an app - and thats your prompt . . . select your player and have fun . . . :dd
this could just be a shortcoming in dolphin . it is up to the app to decide if it wants to open a new url itself , or offer it to other apps . last year , firefox had a similar problem , that it would not ever offer a chooser when you clicked on a link in firefox . even a link to a youtube video would open the mobile interface in firefox instead of offering to open the youtube app . from your description , it sounds like dolphin has the same problem . ( i do not have dolphin to test this myself . ) you should report it to the developers and ask them to offer video links to other apps . at least they should be able to confirm whether this is what is happening .
go to task manager and select the defaults tab then select clear defaults . find the app you need to change then clear the defaults for that app . next time it should ask you .
the linux user ids that android uses to isolate apps from each other are completely unrelated to user profiles on android 4.2 tablets . in android , each app gets its own directory for saving data . the linux user id system is used to make sure apps can not read each others ' data . but all these data directories are inside one directory on the filesystem , /data/user/0 . let 's say the first user is called abulurd , and he installs the app showr . it might be given user id 1004 , and the directory /data/user/0/com.shadowburst.showr . now , let 's say you create a new user profile for beatrice . she gets a fresh directory , /data/user/1 , which starts off empty . when she logs into the device , and installs showr , it does not download the app again ( because the android app installer knows the apk file is already on the device ) , but it does create a new user id 1007 ( for example ) , and a new directory /data/user/1/com.shadowburst.showr . android uses linux filesystem permissions , and the different linux user ids , not only to make sure that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of abulurd 's other apps , but also that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of beatrice 's showr . the two instances of showr run in different processes , with different user ids . if you are familiar with linux terminology , making a new user profile is similar to using chroot on the device to get an isolated part of the filesystem to run apps in . what i have described is the usual process , but just as apps can be written to share a data directory with other apps by the same developer ( signed with the same key ) , android gives apps the opportunity to say they work with multiple users . this way , an app can be written to have one process for all the user profiles , to let them share data or perform some special function . the lock screen has to work this way , for instance , because all user profiles share one lock screen app , which has to read all users ' lock-screen settings .
what happens when you add a new user account is that a new account ( or " user profile" ) is created . this has nothing at all to do with the user/group management on os-level . you will notice that most how-tos ( e . g . this one on howtogeek ) speak about accounts , as the term " user " would be rather misleading . i am not an android dev , so i cannot give you a deeper technical explanation . but as far as i know , the multi-user feature is realized on-top of the linux core ( i.e. . in java/dalvik ) . edit : dan posted his answer at the same time as i mine , so see there for the technical background : )
there is an app called broadcastmyself , but i will admit so far i have failed to broadcast . however it is the only app i have found so far so i am gonna keep trying
it is very device-specific , of course , so you will have to follow the directions given for the device . generally it works to follow the linux directions for the device , except that you need adb for mac os x .
this has some reasons , let 's try to sum them up : android has an open app market model ( there is the more or less curated play store but you can install apps from other locations ( 3rd party markets or self built/downloaded ) ) android may also not need antivirus apps ( most problems come from pirated rogue apps with added value piggybacked ) ios has a strictly curated app store and you are not allowed to bypass it ( unless you do not jailbreak your device but apple so far ignores the existence of jailbroken devices ) apple does not allow antivirus apps into their app store ( they do not grant the necessary privileges to 3rd party apps and ignore the existence of jailbroken devices ) antivirus vendors want to create a market for mobile antivirus solutions apple denies existence/possibility of malware for their platforms as long as it is possible ( for pr reasons ) to sum it up : android is more open than ios and lets antivirus vendors jump in while apple denies them access to their app store .
the entire philosophy of the two competing " app markets " are different . the android market , known as google play , allows any submitted application . apps are not really checked or pre-screened , they are simply submitted , and anyone can download them . any kind of app can be submitted to the play store , even one that hooks into the core operating system . this is a double-edged sword , as a developer can write a malicious app , one that steals your data , disables your phone , and other nasty things . usually , only when enough people complain will google take notice and remove an app . while google does take some measures to protect its users , the protections applied are automated , and apps sometimes do slip through . ( see bouncer . stats show that it has been somewhat successful ) . apps submitted to the ios app store have to go through a strict vetting process . apple hires testing teams . they will manually inspect your app , to make sure it does what it says , without bugs , does not use private or secret functions on the ios device , and so on . apps are run in a sand box and cannot make any major changes to the way the device works . since all apps are pre-screened before they are posted on the app store , there is almost no chance of an application being malicious ( virus , data stealing , etc ) . as for whether or not you actually need an anti-virus app , well , this question may help answer that . personally , i do not think viruses are a massive threat yet , and , although they may be later , i do not think it is worth the potential performance hit . besides , bouncer can help with most malware . i would be more worried about data-stealing apps , especially if the app holding sensitive data is not sufficiently protected . last year , skype was not encrypting its contacts database , and malicious apps were able to simply read the data . this has , since , been patched .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
do not know of any youtube option for that end , but if you are open to use an app to limit other apps , you can give a go to onavo count | monitor data that has an option to limit the app to wi-fi only : save money on your mobile bill - avoid costly overage fees ! onavo count puts you in control of your 3g data plan . easy setup , three brand new widgets , tailored alerts and automatic blocking tools will keep you safe from bloated data bills .
avast ! mobile security has , in addition to multiple layers of protection , a firewall module that allows individual control of each application with toggling of wi-fi/data/roaming access . onavo also works great as mentioned but does not have the other features that avast has .
if it only happens when the phone is plugged in , i seem to remember this referring to the fact that Android Debugging was activated , though i also thought this usually showed a pull-down notification as well . if it only happens when you are plugged into a computer , try un-selecting Android Debugging under settings , and see if it goes away .
most phones can not upgrade ( officially ) without a signed firmware package designed to upgrade from the existing version of android that is already on the phone . in those cases , you can not upgrade without rooting and/or unlocking your bootloader and/or flashing a custom recovery , which all void your warranty . some phones may not be as limited ; for example , the original software on the original galaxy s devices allowed unsigned updates to be flashed without needing to unlock the device . theoretically you could try to flash a firmware package from a different region ; it is hard to say how that would affect your warranty ( and besides , that is really off-topic here :p ) . you could also of course flash a custom rom with a newer version of android , which again will void your warranty just like rooting .
i use mixzing music player . i have set it as default player for music and when i click a mp3 file link in browser , it opens the file in mixzing by default and streaming works well . it plays the mp3 file in background when you press the back button . this is an alternate solution . i do not thing it is possible to play the mp3 links in background in android 's default music player .
i have run into the same issue . i usually long-press on the link and choose Save Link to save the mp3 file to my phone , then i just play it in my media app of choice .
clearing internal storage will probably be a temporary relief only , as it will fill-up again in ( probably short ) time . however , depending on the action the " temporary span " can be quite long -- so if you are afraid to root and to follow the steps recommended in the other answers , here 's a list of possibilities : uninstall apps you do not need if possible , move apps rarely used to external storage ( app2sd ) cleanup cache ( and , optionally , data from apps where you could start-over ) while the first 2 items should be clear , some explanation on the 3rd . you can do that manually without any special app ( in case you are already unable to install any ) -- but it is a bit wearing : go to your homescreen hit the " menu " key , select " settings " select " apps " ( or " applications " -- the name differs between devices and android versions ) select " manage apps " ( or " manage applications " , see above ) now select each app , one by one , and hit the " clear cache " button . if you want to remove the apps data as well , hit the " clear data " button , too . note that clearing cache is non-destructive , as it only removes temporary files -- while claring data is not , as it will remove all data you stored with the app , including its settings . if you are still able to install apps , this hairy process can be eased up a lot by some little helpers like e.g. 1-tap cleaner or easy cache cleaner .
certainly worth rooting your phone if you feel capable and are running out of space . on my desire , i moved caches to sd and regularly run a cache cleaner . i also deleted lots of bloatware . if you want to run lots of apps you have to work at it on a desire !
most probably your internal memory is too low . you can not access it without rooting your device . and it will not be visible in your pc/desktop anyways with a usb connection . ( it can not be mounted ) from what i understand your htc desire device has 512 mb of internal rom which is used for both your stock firmware and user installed apps . the 512 mb storage may be divided into several partitions . system partition holds your rom ( firmware ) and may include apps which came per-installed when you purchased the device . the data partition is where your apps are stored . to check , how much actual space you have for data partition- go to settings -> applications menu . you should get a list of installed apps with available storage at bottom like this , this will be the actual memory available to you . to increase this , you could try moving apps to sd card ( which i believe you have already tried ) . root your device and delete unwanted system apps ( bloatware ) install a custom rom , with app2sd/data2sd scripts , which enables you to use a ext3/ext4 partition on your sd card to use for installing apps . ( a 1gb partition would do fine . ) although there is a alternative too , which can help you move some of the apps which are by default not enabled for moving to sd card . requirements an android device ( obviously . . ) ( root not required ) usb cable a pc ( any os will do windows , mac or linux ) android sdk or replacement for adb ( install android sdk from official site . use drivers for your device ) steps run command prompt or terminal use command ' adb devices ' ( will show list of connected devices ) ( you should have android sdk 's path/platform-tools in your classpath ) use command ' adb shell ' ( will open a $ prompt ) use command ' pm setinstalllocation 2 ' ( will set default install location to sd card ) ( 0 for auto , 1 for internal , 2 for sd card ) now whatever new apps you install will be installed to sd card . they will still take space on internal memory in data partition though for dalvik cache , app-cache , private-cache etc . note-> if you want to revert back to original use option 0 in step 4 . i have seen some weird behavior with this , apps which are set to install in sd card by default ( i.e. . games like angry bird ) , are installed in internal . you could just move them to external though . my advice would be to use this command to enable moving to sd card and then revert back .
it is due to an error in the os itself . even some simple apps could not be installed while some bigger apps could . reset the device to factory mode and then you must be able to install the same apps which were denied before .
install clipper and start copying your urls in clipboard . it creates lifo stack from clipboard and is exclusively local . to revisit urls , bring this lightweight app from status bar . . tap url to copy and paste in address bar . done ! free version of clipper limits user to 20 items in stack . if you do not want to purchase its pro version , you can use andclip . but , you may face problems in keeping lifo structure after copying an url from stack .
i just stumbled upon pocket -formerly read it later . might be worth a try .
another way to more literally do what you are asking is to get a browser that supports tabs ( for example , google chrome for android , dolphin browser , or even the built in one ) and open a new tab for each interesting link . then you will literaly have the stack you are looking for . the cool thing about google chrome is that this stack will be persistant across reboots and accessible across devices . anyways , hope this helps .
with an installation of the official android sdk , virtual devices are available to you ( so you do not have to use bluestacks ) . you can simply install them via adb to your virtual android device and test them there . you can customize every aspect of the device , ranging from resolution , hardware buttons , modems , and software . if you are developing using eclipse , simply install the sdk and the plugins , and then press the " play " button , and eclipse will send the app directly to your phone . read more here : http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/installing-adt.html
when there is any app installed through the play store ( through your gmail account ) the app gets listed under my apps> installed apps . so instead of downloading it again from your mail separately ( the apk file ) you can directly download the apps through the installed my apps in your device ( under options from the play store on your device ) . for this you just need to login with the same account you had logged in with the blue stack . in this way you could at the least save the trouble from sending the apk file to the email and then again downloading it on your device . else you simply download the adt to develop apps and later test it on you own device through the usb cable . for further questions regarding app development visit this site
i used to have this problem a lot on my droid . i believe it has something to do with the headphones and how some music apps react to you plugging them in/out . my solution ? i use tasker to make two profiles : not headset plugged music stop media volume 0 headset plugged music stop media volume 5 the volume is not necessary ( just so i do not blare loud music into my ears when i put in my ear buds or sets it 0 if i unplug my headphones and it somehow is still playing ) . so in other words every time i plug in or out my headphones , it stops all music . since i have done this , i have had no more problems .
there was a notable bug in earlier versions of android ( i can vouch that it exists in 2.1 ) that music would play out of the loudspeakers at random times or just after you had unplugged your earphones . i used headset blocker widget , after someone recommended it and have never encountered the above-mentioned scenario of random playing or music playing once i have unplugged my earphones .
dw contact manager supports this feature http://crowdin.net/project/dw-contact-group-manager
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
i believe they are stored with the launcher data , since these icons/shortcuts and their order is launcher-specific .
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
there is no such method to know whether all apps would work in ics , i have seen some issues with hardware acceleration problem in old apps when running in ics , it depends on application build , if any authentic applications like browsers mozilla chrome would update their application depending on os which it has . no need to worry about applications which gets updated on time to time , still people are trying to fix all so should work on ics , . let us c
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
you could set up the android emulator with ics , install the market on it , and try it for yourself . unfortunately all the instructions i have seen for installing the market on the emulator are for older versions of android , so i am not sure if they had work on ics . here are a couple : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/11/how-to-install-android-market-in-google.html stackexchange-url edit : this link seems to indicate it might be possible , using an android ics vm instead of the official emulator : http://vmlite.com/index.php?option=com_kunenaitemid=158func=viewcatid=9id=8838limit=6limitstart=84#8951
most of popular music players have settings to override default behavior of hands free buttons . check your sony walkman have that settings ?
you could check the playstore for headset control apps . having a philips headset , philips headset works perfectly for me -- and lets me define which player app to launch as soon as the headset is connected , plus gives me a bunch of control options for the headset 's single button ( e . c . click for play/pause or take call , long-press to increase volume , click twice to skip a title or reject a call , and more ) . there are many more similar apps available . quite famous examples include e.g. jays headset control ( which did not work that well with my philips headset -- but that may be caused by the headset itself ) , and headset button controller . simply search the playstore for " headset control " for more options .
apps can store data in both places , but the sd card has a fat filesystem which does not support file permissions . this means that a malicious app could erase or change app data very easily if the data was on the sd card . as well , you can swap sd cards or format your card , and then the app would have " forgotten " all its settings and lost all the other data . so it is a very good idea to put app data in the phone storage , where android can manage access to the data and protect it .
it is not something i would look to developers and blame them for . quite frankly , there are many cases in which our apps do not even work while living on the sd card . i have had situations where music and podcasts are stored on my sd card because the app in question puts them there , but if the card is out , does not register on boot , gets swapped , etc , and something does not work when it is time to use the app , users run straight to the market to bash the app developer when it is their own fault . developers often try to save users from themselves , because quite frankly we as users do stupid things , and sometimes that can be viewed as being lazy . when in reality , we are doing what makes sense because we can predict how things can break down .
the disk usage application can show you all this information in a nice graphical format , allowing you to explore the space taken up by applications in your phone memory , or the space taken up by files on your sd card . app2sd will also display information for all apps , although it does not split the space into segments based on app/data/cache like disk usage does . however , it will allow you to move all apps that you can to the sd card from the phone memory , and provides an easy way to see all the apps installed on the phone , and one click access to the main application settings to uninstall applications .
i am pretty sure that the space shown for each app is the space used on the phone storage , and does not include space used on the sd card . you can verify this by checking an app in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , then unmount and remove the sd card and check again .
you could give adb a try , and use adb push &lt;/source/on/PC/file.zip&gt; &lt;target/on/Nexus/file.zip&gt; to transfer the files . i you do not have adb installed on your machine yet , and do not want to install the full sdk , take a look at is there a minimal installation of adb ? also , for more information on adb , there is always our adb tag-wiki as a good starting point .
the " linkification " is actually handled by the sms application on the device , not by anything within the message . if their device is not changing it to a link , then the device is not parsing the links correctly for all top level domains . there is nothing you can do about it really . the only thing that i could think of around this is to use some link shorter that will show as a clickable link and send those , but that is a lot more work because now you need to generate the shortened link first .
i found this thread on xda-developers . if you have jail broken iphone and rooted android phone , you can transfer your progress . basically you have to copy two files , highscores . lua and settings . lua from /private/var/mobile/applications/ ( very long string ) /documents from iphone and replace them on android phone in /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files/ . you also have to fix permission and make sure you have completed at least 1 level in android phone before replacing the two files . if you trust yourself you can also use programs like angry birds unlock all level in android and unlock only up to the level you have completed in iphone . but you will not have exact score and hidden star collections . so though little troublesome the earlier way might be what you want .
no . there is no guarantee that the information is stored in the same format between multiple platforms . but also there is not a way to browse the data files on ios or access the file system . unless you are rooted , i do not think you have access to where the data files are stored on android either . either way , you are sort of stuck . the game data is stored locally on the devices , not on a remote server . they should store it on a server , especially now that the game is available to play on both google+ and facebook as well as the mobile devices .
from the comments on izzy 's answer it seems that what you are actually asking for is a way to edit the mp3 's id3 tag from within your music player , without having to switch between apps . once that is sorted out any file sync app ( as suggested in izzy 's answer ) would work for you . there is not many music players on android that allow you to edit the tags within the player , the best recommended one for that seems to be poweramp ( paid app with 15 day trial ) .
if you are open to alternative ways of syncing , you might want to take a look at e.g. foldersync : it enables you to sync selected locations with different cloud services , but also with your local " home network " . you can set it to automatically synchronize , or have it done manually on-demand . for your issue , you could set either the base directory of your music to completely synchronize between your android device and your pc , or chose selected directories . so when you updated some tags , only those files should be " copied to the other side " , as the others have not changed . same applies if you add new music files . there are some other apps in the playstore doing the same job , just in case you want some alternatives . one of them would be ftpsyncx which , other than its name suggests , also handles different protocols ( samba/windows shares , sftp/ssh , ftps ) .
any app with the permission ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION can trigger gps – unless you have explicitly switched off gps location with your device settings . to scan for possible candidates , you can use a permission checker . there is e.g. permission explorer which allows you to browse installed apps by permissions , so you can limit your watch to relevant candidates . permission explorer : categories , apps by permission ; lbe ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) if your device is rooted , there are also other means . i am e.g. using lbe to protect my privacy . concerning location , i can restrict on a per-app base whether an app can always access it , never access it , or i want to be asked when it tries . the latter method should definitely bring up your culprit – and even in case you missed the event , there are always lbe 's logs ( accessible from inside the app ) you can check .
i had the same problem with my gio and i found out that it is because i leave wifi on for a while without working with phone . this is a bug in android-2.2 froyo and it is solved in 2.3 gingerbread which has been released on december 6 , 2010 .
when i had this happen on my htc g2 , it ultimately turned out to be a hardware issue . if disabling the setcpu does not fix it , then i would check your warranty coverage and make sure to get a replacement before it expires .
i think i had the same problem recently . when i pressed the phone 's power button to wake it up , the display would turn on , but stay completely blank . it happened multiple times a day for me and i got frustrated , so i tried three things and one of those seems to have fixed the problem . knock on wood . i reformatted my external sd-card . i removed almost all of my media files from the phone . i disabled juicedefender 's cpu frequency scaling my prime suspect was the sd-card , because the problems started to occur , when i inserted it , but i cannot be sure .
in this case , tethering means connecting the phone to the computer and using an application on the pc to update the firmware of the device . an example of this is updating with samsung kies or odin .
it is not documented somewhere . but only updates that do not change the permissions are done automatically . if there is a change , the update will have to be done manually . but of course there is no gurantee that this will always work this way , because of bugs or design changes . if you are paranoid , turn the feature off . ( but then , how could you trust android that the permissions that are shown to you are enforced ? )
the simple answer is no . you had have to re-skin that part of the rom and also dig into the code and remove whatever 's doing that , most likely . if it bothers you enough you should just switch roms .
there is currently an application on the google play store called drivedroid that should be able to handle that task . please note that it needs a rooted phone . after you install the app , it is a pretty straightforward process . if you need a helpful guide , this how-to by lifehacker should help .
you have not specified the android os version nor the gmail app version , but since the settings are pretty much straightforward , i will leave here an overview covering the basics for all available versions . summary three things might be happening : you are receiving notifications for each email that arrives ; you have the " notify once " active and are receiving notifications for the email that arrived , but also for a label you have setup to notify ; you are receiving notifications from the gmail app , and from another app where you have also configured the same account . below is a summary for the gmail app settings by version . try and adjust them to fit your needs . if you continue to experience the same issue , you are probably facing a bug and the best option is to report it . android 4.0 . x ( ice cream sandwich ) to change gmail settings , touch " menu " > " settings " from any gmail screen . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications : when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . ringtone : available when " email notifications " is selected . touch to change any of three settings : the ringtone and vibrate settings for notifications , and an option to notify only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 3.0 . x ( honeycomb ) to change gmail settings , touch the menu button at the top-right of the application bar and touch settings . under " account settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you receive a notification when you have new email . notify once check to receive a notification from gmail only the first time you have new email since you last read your messages , rather than each time a new message arrives . official gmail app support page by google for this android version . android 2.3 . x ( gingerbread ) to access the gmail app 's account settings menu : open gmail . press menu . select more > settings > select account under " notification settings " , you will find : email notifications when checked , you will receive a notification when you have new email . labels to notify manage your notification preferences by label . you can only manage notification settings by label for labels that are synced . you can enable notifications for specific labels , each means additional notifications when emails arrive : when you enable sync for a particular label , you can also change your notification preferences so that you are notified when you receive new mail for that label . press menu and touch more > settings . select the gmail account whose settings you had like to modify . touch labels to notify . select a labels to change the notification preferences . you can modify the following settings : email notifications ringtone vibrate notify once only labels that have been set to sync will appear in the notifications menu . official gmail app support page by google for this android version .
it is quite simple to turn this off . . . i am using osx 10.7.4 and i did this : i went to " system preferences " , than in the line " system " i went to " users and groups " . in the top , there is " password " and something like " login items " . i went to this " login items " and just clicked one time in " kiesviawifiagent " and than in the " - " button under it . now , i can reboot the macbook pro and it will not startup by itself . sorry about my english , but i am form brasil and my osx is all in portuguese . so , i am translating it by myself . hope to be helpfull . . .
what you probably want is your phone work as adhoc and as an ap at the same time i guess it is called bridging http://compnetworking.about.com/cs/wirelessproducts/f/apbridgingmode.htm i do not think that at first android phones support the adhoc mode at all yet . stackexchange-url the bridging is only possible for normal wifi routers not for android phones . routers also support wds http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wireless_distribution_system there is no such thing as wds for android phones yet afak . hope it clarifies the matter abit . thanks .
related : can we use an android phone as a wi-fi repeater ? the answer is basically no . it is theoretically possible , at least with some wi-fi chips , but the software needed is fairly involved . some android phones do support ad-hoc mode , but bridging is the problem as sergey indicates . i do not know of anything that is been ported to / written for android to do this , since it would probably involve altering proprietary drivers ( pretty hard without the source code ) .
yes , restoring from backup ( like with titanium backup ) will restore all conversations . app settings will be restored as well , so blocked contacts should stay blocked .
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app – which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
yes , it is . when you first boot the device , it asks for your google account . just select the option " i do not have a google account " and then the option that says you do not want to create one . note that you can not use some google services like play store which require a google account .
this is how i got it working : i registered a new account through my mobile phone ( htc desire hd , during phone setup ) . i got an email from htc sense with a link in it to confirm my account clicking the link open a page to htc sense , and tries to complete the registration and log you to your account page , but in my case it kept hanging while in the confirmation page , i clicked on login again and were able to log in even though registration was still ongoing . apparently the acocunt gets registered even though the page hangs .
some devices , like the motorola xoom , the sony ericsson xperia active and the galaxy nexus , have an air pressure sensor built into them that measures the barometric air pressure . i have the barometer hd app installed on my xoom which seems to give roughly the same reading as my suunto electronic barometer . support for a barometer pressure ( and other environmental ) sensor was added in android 2.3 to follow the trend of linking to the related developer resource , i believe this is a type_pressure sensor . see also this related stackoverflow question android devices with pressure sensor , and this gizmodo article for some of the possible uses for the barometer , which includes helping the device to calculate your altitude in gps apps . android engineer dan morrill made a post to google+ explaining why the galaxy nexus had a barometer internally : i have seen a lot of hay made about the barometer in galaxy nexus . here 's the skinny ; it is not really as dramatic or weird as people think . the primary purpose of the barometer is ( at least , i have been told ) to make gps lockons faster . locking on to a gps involves numerically solving a 4-dimensional set of linear equations -- 3 dimensions in space , and time . ( yes , you get accurate time for free if you lock on to gps . ) because of the way gps works , this can take a few minutes . this goes much faster if you already have an estimate of your location . this is why " agps " ( assisted gps ) services are so popular : by starting with a rough city-level coordinate fix through something like cell-tower network location , you can reduce the amount of math you have to do to lock on . this is where the barometer comes in . the 3 dimensions in space are latitude , longitude . . . and altitude . the barometer gives you a reasonable first-cut estimate for altitude . this gives you a bit of a leg up on one of the dimensions -- especially combined with "2d " agps -- which can help speed up lock-on in general . now of course , the barometer can also be used for things like , well , determining atmospheric pressure ( although i am not sure it is really weather grade . ) but the main reason it is in your phone is to help with gps .
it measures finger pressure on the touchscreen . source : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/motionevent.html#getpressure(int)
whether you still can update to " official versions " via ota-update or otherwise , depends on multiple things . basically , the manufacturer might include a check whether the currently installed rom is valid -- in this case , an update will fail as you changed the /system partition during rooting . if no such check takes place , an update might succeed -- but you may have lost root access ( if the update replaced the /system partition ; tools like ota rootkeeper might prove helpful in those cases ) . for further details , please see e.g. how do i update the os on my device ? how do i upgrade my rooted nexus one using ota updates ? rooting and updating to official updates
on recent versions of android ( since 4.3 , at least ) you have to set a password as your device unlock method . if you have a pin or pattern unlock configured , it seems that there is no way to access vpns . dumb , but it is what it is . just go to settings > security > screen lock , and choose password .
go to Settings -&gt; Location and security -&gt; Credential storage -&gt; Set password to change it .
auto-syncing subfolders means additional network traffic , and eats more of your battery -- which is why it is not generally to recommend . but if you insist , for selected folders it might be sometimes useful . what you need for this is an email app supporting the sync of subfolders . one such app is k-9 mail . speaking of " outlook subfolders": outlook is a client , not a server -- so it is hard to tell what you are using . aforementioned k-9 supports imap ( recommended ) , pop3 ( only if needed ) , and also exchange ( via webdav -- only for those who have no alternative , but that is my personal opinion ) . guess one of them should cover your demands .
i believe the main reason that most companies will not sell prerooted , is because rooting allows you to do things that could potentially be harmful to your hardware , such as overclocking your cpu , amping up your camera 's light to levels it is not intended to for a high powered flashlight , etc . they do not want to be liable for any damage that may occur from people running potentially hardware damaging programs on their devices . that being said , there is a number of phones out there that make rooting almost trivial . for example , the google nexus phones and the htc one developer edition already have unlocked bootloaders ( and are carrier unlocked for that matter ! ) which makes flashing a superuser app onto them very easy .
www.xtreamer.net they sell out of the box rooted phones . i am sure there are some other manufacturers who sell these but i would recommend buying a ' decent ' phone and rooting it afterwards .
cyanogenmod oppo n1 is pre-rooted and comes with cm . http://www.cyanogenmod.org/hardware/oppo-n1/
lots of users reporting about these trojan warnings . it may be avast virus defenition update issue . post from avast moderator update the vps to 14010901 source forum from google+ found this image . i think its a similar issue .
uninstalled , then reinstalled avast . scans now all clear . looks like a definite avast issue .
from the latest reviews on the play store it appears as though others are experiencing the same issue this morning . i expect there is a problem with the latest definition update which is causing a lot of apps to be detected as a virus/malware . the only advice i can give is wait for them to release a new update which resolves the issue . if there is a report issue feature within the app you could try using this , or the email address on the play store to ensure they are aware of the problem .
your android phone may sync photos on google + , dropbox , google drive and facebook . on google + got to https://plus.google.com/photos/search/%23autobackup ( photos> autobackup ) , here are photos whose automatically synced through your android phone . how to enable/ disable auto sync on android next is dropbox , check this article for dropbox sync enabled www.dropbox.com/help/82/en next is google drive which may auto sync your photos and data to server . and facebook is also sync photos in private folder in your albums folder . but in my opinion your photos are being synced by google + in auto backup section .
themes on android are internal to apps : they are not user-accessible things . replacing the theme of every app on your phone entails building a new custom rom with your changes , and may cause some apps to behave oddly or appear wrong , because they are relying on details of the holo themes . these days , even phone manufacturers can not replace the themes of third-party apps , because the android conformance tests verify that the holo theme has not been modified . that is why , if you buy ( say ) a samsung phone with a blue theme , only the built-in apps use that blue theme : third-party apps use the unmodified holo theme . replacing the theme of an individual app is more feasible , but without the sources it requires decompiling and replacing the app 's apk file , essentially making a new app . this kind of reverse-engineering may be illegal where you are , even if you do not intend to distribute your themed app ; either way , your new app would not have access to the original app 's data , and will fail any licensing or anti-piracy check the app performs .
yeah , that happens to me with my galaxy ace . i had to download samsung kies . i just run kies and then works great as usb storage ( you do not need to use kies , only run it ) .
by default , all devices do not have root , and are using stock rom . you need to root your device manually .
use a needle or a pair of needle-nose pliers to break the data pins on your adapter , so they will not connect to the device . breaking the data pins does not inhibit the adapter 's ability to supply voltage across the power pins . alternatively , it might be easier to cover them with a small piece of insulating tape ; the easiest way to do it will depend on the shape of the adapter and what tools you have to hand . of the four pins inside a usb plug/socket , the middle two are the ones you want to cut off or cover . be careful not to damage or cover the two outer pins . it should go without saying that you should do this while the adapter is not connected to anything .
do you want to void your warranty ? if not , contact the karbonn customer care and ask for the official flash tool and a copy of the stock rom . reboot your phone in recovery mode and reinstall the android using that tool .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
if you are in the us you can create get a google voice number and place callers into groups . a group can have a customized announcement and do not disturb . gv is free and you can have gv ring multiple phones such as home , office and cellphone . if you install groove you can have it first and ring your gv number and directly or indirectly other phones . if someone sends an sms message to your gv number or your direct . to ( groove ) number it will send you an email message .
plug your keyboard in , later go to Setting , select the language and input settings and under the Keyboards and Input Methods menu , your usb keyboard had been listed . select and change the language . if not listed , this means you have problem with your android . i could changed that way .
i do not know about your device but on my htc one i have a " do not disturb " function which i can schedule for a particular time . however i think this will block everything ; text messages , emails etc . if thats not what you want then i suggest you try tasker . there is a call divert option in there . edit : if you wanted another option ( albeit a lot more roundabout way of doing it ) you could use gsm codes . you can download schedcall and set it up to dial the appropriate gsm code to set call divert ( **21*destination*11# to divert all voice calls , and ##21*11# to cancel all diverts ) . a full list of gsm codes can be found here .
if your internet is from a vpn or a server it shows the location of these servers instead of yours using the same method as the new geolocation function in html5 i suppose
turn wifi on if you have not got it on already . you do not need to actually connect to it , just to have it enabled . google uses the known locations of wifi points to help its gps calculation ( do not know if anyone else does , mind you )
if you go into maps on your phone , press menu , press latitude , press yourself , press " view your location history " , then press menu you should see an option to change your home and office/school locations .
you can manually set the location using an igoogle gadget or through firefox . what you are probably seeing when the location is " one block away " is that gps is not actually turned on on the handset . the phone is probably using positioning that is determined used cell phone tower location , so it will get you in roughly the correct place , but not the exact location you would expect if gps was turned on .
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
i was hoping to be able to programmatically suppress the default " my files " system app from starting when a usb storage device is plugged in , but it looks like it is not possible . however , i did find a workaround . first i installed a new file manager/explorer from the market ( i used es file explorer ) . then i went to android settings -> applications and then selected the my files app from the list and disabled it . now it no longer interferes with my own application that i am developing for my usb storage device . not the ideal solution , but it works for now .
i am a professional mobile application developer , and often use my own personal galaxy note 3 for test at the office , and i have never come across this issue . when i plug my note 3 into my mac pro , it appears connected as a media device , and it appears in the eclipse " device chooser " window . what you probably need , is the android file transfer software , which can be downloaded here . if that does not work , try looking for samsung drivers for osx , although i do not believe i ever installed any .
typing a command , such as su , after adb shell only executes that command and returns . what you probably want to do is type adb shell , then once in shell type su . you will probably need to allow super user permissions , depending on certain boot . img/kernel configurations .
do you have superuser . apk installed ? su is probably waiting for response from superuser to prompt the user if the root access is granted .
the risk of really " bricking " a phone is not that high as it may seem , at least with more recent models , as there are multiple levels of safety-guards in place : if you break your regular system , there is a fallback possible to the recovery mode . if that is broken as well , there are things like fastboot in place . only if you break the lowest level , and e.g. flash an incompatible radio image ( the radio image is the layer bridging the hardware to a software layer , to simplify the explanation -- see also al 's comparision with the pc 's bios in his comment to your question : if the bios is broken , you no longer can start your computer ) , your device is really " bricked " . to understand the difference , you should also see what is different between installing your " desktop os " on a computer and flashing your android device : installing your desktop os works on a file level . that is , you boot from e.g. a dvd , and then copy files to your harddisk . on android , flashing a rom means to copy the entire file system at once . and you cannot boot a live system from dvd or the like -- especially when newer devices like the nexus 4 come without even a sdcard slot .
go in your lock screen settings and access the lock screen widget settings from there .
you can use a static ip address and gateway address . it is also possible to edit the nameserver . you also need a route for the interface . you can use the route command to add a route . when you have a terminal emulation and root user you can type route -h to show a little help screen . to add a route try this : route add default gw xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx dev xxx .
can you not share a folder on your windows machine and then use es file explorer or similar to copy the files across from the phone ? obviously whilst on the same local network . it would cut out having to transfer them to a remote location and back again .
i have not tried it on windows 7 , but i expect dropbox will work fine .
according to whatsapp 's faq , you may need to refresh the list . you also will still see the deleted contact if there are past chats you have had with that contact . how do i delete a contact ? the contacts that you see in whatsapp come from your address book . there is no way to directly edit the select contact screen . to delete a contact from the whatsapp contact list , you will need to delete the contact from your phone 's address book . in order to find the whatsapp contact in your phone 's address book : find the contact in the select contact page . tap on the contact . then tap on the name at the top . on the contact info page , go to [ menu button ] > [ view in address book ] . from there you can find the option to delete the contact from your address book . then , refresh your whatsapp contact list by opening whatsapp > [ compose button ] > [ menu button ] > [ refresh ] if you still see the contact , it is likely that you are seeing the conversation on your chats screen . simply tap and hold on the contact and then select [ delete chat ] to delete a chat .
i had a similar issue with the in call volume . i restarted my phone in safe mode , and it fixed the issue . to restart the phone is safe mode , hold the power button to turn off phone . hold the power off option for a few seconds and reboot to safe mode . the problem should be fixed once you delete any apps that crash in safe mode . restart the phone and the volume should be much louder .
you can tune volume level for lots of things in your device with es task manager . go to Power Optimizer > Other ( in the bottom right corner ) > Volume . here you can tune the volume level for incoming calls , notifications , medias ( music and video ) , alarm , volume during a call and system sounds .
call volume can be adjusted by using the volume rocker buttons only during a call . if not in a call , it adjusts ringer volume and if a media is played , it adjusts media volume . so , if you had mistakenly increased media or ringer volume then you might not have any effect on call volume . try making some calls and when it is dialing , press volume up to raise volume level . i am just saying all this because you said you are new ( though this is a common feature for other phones as well ) to android . if you had already done this and still you can not hear properly , i am afraid there are no further solutions to improve the volume . however , there are work around like using hands-free or headphones .
you can also use an app like volume control + to adjust different types of volumes : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system .
seems that facebook messenger has updated overnight , and i do not notice this issue anymore . sorry for jumping the gun !
there are stock firmware images available for download here that can be flashed with the sp flash tool . in terms of creating your own rom ( cwm-based or otherwise ) , that is beyond the scope of this site .
they are in the directory : */whatsapp/media/whatsapp voice
there are many apps available for these tasks . but soon it becomes pain to have many apps running one for each purpose . at these situations , you can remove all those apps and use tasker . you can set the tasker such that when your mother calls or sends a text it can play a preset ringtone - and it can even say the caller name or any predefined text . this is just a tip of the iceberg and there are so many things that can be done with it . it is a bit complicated for the first use and involves a small learning curve . but once you are used to it , you can eliminate many apps and make your phone a true smartphone . note : i am not in any way associated with tasker other than using it in my device .
the status bar icons are found in systemui . apk which is placed in /system/app/ folder . use apk tool guide and decompile the systemui . apk file and follow this guide to make some mods as you wish . i have used this apk to change the signal icons , mobile data icons ( h , e etc ) , battery 1% modification etc .
are you running the stock rom for your phone ? if not , try a custom rom like cyanogenmod or aokp . i have had far better results with themes running a custom rom .
the icons are stored in the /system/framework , inside an apk called framework-res.apk which is referenced by framework.jar file . caveat emptor : interfering with it could cause the handset to boot-loop due to mismatched discrepancies , if the apk was recompiled , the framework.jar file could have difficulty in loading the resources ( hence part of the filename has this -res.apk ) . also , it would need to be re-signed with the system rom 's certificate which would be tricky to achieve if the keys are not present .
in my experience , using your fingers or a stylus does not make any a difference in responsiveness . on skitch , the drawing matches with what you swipe / touch / move , but the responsiveness is slow . quill is faster ( try it , if you still have not ) , but it slightly changes what you draw ; still faster than skitch though . all in all , i think this is probably a hardware issue ; could be software too . nevertheless , we both agree that there is an impedance mismatch !
installing a recovery and flashing your rom download your recovery . img or wahtever the name is to your fastboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot reboot recovery now use your recovery to flash your rom . at this point you may not be able boot into your rom if you do not have s-off . but give it a try . if it works then forget the next few lines . copy the boot . img file from inside your rom and copy it to your fasboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash boot boot . img . now you can reboot to boot into your rom .
you need to contact asus directly . google play 's support page says : nexus 7 limited warranty the nexus 7 is manufactured by asustek computer inc . asus provides a limited 12 month warranty for the nexus 7 . please refer to the warranty card in the nexus 7 packaging or review asus ' limited warranty details . if your nexus 7 was purchased from google play , please contact google customer support for service on the asus limited 12 month warranty . if your nexus 7 was not purchased from google play or you are looking for out of warranty repair service , please contact asus directly .
no . it is not just a question of adding something to the chooser ( the menu of apps ) : there needs to be an app on the other end to take the photo , log into flickr , and understand flickr 's api ( the programming interface that apps use ) in order to upload the photo . it also needs to handle possible failures , such as resuming or retrying the upload later if you lose internet connection . if you want a share option that shares to flickr , there are many flickr apps on google play that only do uploading , and do not have any functionality to browse or view photos . that way you can have the share option while still keeping your phone lean . alternatively , you can browse to the flickr website in your web browser and upload photos from there . it is not as convenient but it is the only way that does not involve any kind of special-purpose app .
i also had similar problem on htc desire and i have made a blog post about its solution in here . basically you have to open " manage applications " , and clear cache of " market " and " download manager "
i have noticed that the spacing gets off in some fields , it will show extra spaces or back up over the last characters . sometimes i have to use a different keyboard - the stock one or another tap keyboard . do you have the latest version of skype beta ? they put out a couple of them recently . maybe that will help .
are you downloading any games ? some of the more complex games could weigh hundreds of megabytes , and they download additional resource data when they are first run .
my verizon data widget was telling me numbers i could not believe . i went through a gigabyte over night and was at 3 gigabytes for the month most in the last 10 day of the cycle . i found the my data manager app in the market and that told me which app was causing the problem . the app breaks down data by wireless and wifi and shows you how much data each app used . i love this app .
all sorts of background processes and applications will use cell data bandwidth . if you have installed some new apps recently , which given your phone is only a week old seems likely , check to see if some of them are doing anything in the background . if you list your apps , perhaps we could shed some light on which ones might be data hogs .
i have run into this with some apps that break the link to the icon after an update . i have had to remove the icon and re-add it to get it to work again . i doubt that is any help to you but you could suggest they do that until you fix your code .
sounds like you may have changed the default launcher in your android manifest . check which activity has your ' launcher intent ' and if you have changed this . it will only occur on some phones . a fix is a total uninstall and reinstall .
i just found an app from the same developer that does what i wanted for buildings smart measure
the bootloader is vendor and model-specific . it is not consistent across android 2.2 versions . a common way to get into the bootloader ( also called " recovery mode" ) is to hold a volume button down and reboot the device , releasing the button when you get to the bootloader . on my samsung galaxy s vibrant , the easiest way is to hold both volume buttons plus the power button , releasing the power button once the phone reboots and you see the " vibrant " logo , and releasing the volume buttons after the bootloader comes up . on my vibrant , the options include doing a factory reset and installing " update . zip " from the root of the internal sd storage . your mileage may vary . something like clockworkmod recovery can be installed on many devices , which provides additional options including backing up and restoring your phone 's rom ( os , kernel , data , etc . ) . you should be able to google " recovery mode " for instructions for you particular device .
try turning the camera 180 degrees . clearly evernote is confused about where the top and bottom are . also , i have found when editing in the gallery then uploading to evernote , if i only rotated the picture the edits do not seem to take . it does work however if i rotate it , then crop it ( i do not really crop anything out , but just go through the motions ) and save it . on those photos , evernote recognizes the edits .
depending on the app you use , it may be in a different folder . i know when i am looking for a file ( photo or download ) , i have to check my internal partition " download " folder , my external ( sd card ) " download " folder , or sometimes even on the root of either partition . if you used a standard browser ( stock browser , opera , firefox , chrome , etc ) , they all should have their own in-app download manager that lists the files you have downloaded . you should be able to open the file within the browser app ; if you can not , then you know the file is not downloaded .
the build you flashed appears to have an associated xda thread . the first post of that thread ( by the rom 's creator ) contains this a little ways down : - flash this if your are having root issues - http://goo-inside.me/superuser/superuser-3.0.7-efghi-signed.zip i would start there , and see if it resolves the problem . you should just need to download the zip file and flash it from recovery ( i can not test this myself , unfortunately . i do not own an sgs ) . edit : this looks like it may be a common problem with that particular build . there are some posts toward the end of the thread where people are saying they can not get root to work either . another post has a flashable zip file attached that is apparently intended to fix the issue as well .
search " android device id " app in the google play market . download and install the most popular one . it'll show you several things including your phone 's imei no .
use framaroot to unroot it you can install the apk and run , it will show option to root it or unroot it and you can check the unroot your phone will be back to normal as you got it from factory
download supersu from play store and try again . or re root your device using original method .
you can make this happen by going in poweramp settings-> headset/bluetooth an uncheck pause on headset disconnect and resume on wired headset and that should be it
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
go to settings -> accounts $ sync -> add account add your existing google account here check the sync calender checkbox to synchronise your calender with your google calender .
this sounds like the x10 's calendar app ( and possibly its settings ) . a quick ' google resulted in this quote from a groups discussion that relates to your problem : i have found that in at least one scenario , the x10 mini calendar app itself is to blame . when i installed the app " business calendar free " on my x10 mini pro , i could see everything and sync flawlessly , while the built-in calendar still showed nothing . have you tried a 3rd-party calendar app like the aforementioned business calendar ? if a 3rd-party app works you will at least know where to start digging . it also happens to be an app i use and recommend as a replacement for stock calendar apps , problems or not .
you have got quite a few apps in that list which can turn your connections on and off , and make other changes to your network settings . if you have a look at the permissions the app has ( either in the apps list on your phone , or by looking it up in the play store ) , you can see these permissions listed , for example if you go to the battery defender-battery saver apps play store page , you can click the permissions tab at the top of the description and amongst its permissions list you can see these : change/intercept network settings and traffic allows the app to change network settings and to intercept and inspect all network traffic , for example to change the proxy and port of any apn . malicious apps may monitor , redirect , or modify network packets without your knowledge . change wi-fi state allows the app to connect to and disconnect from wi-fi access points , and to make changes to configured wi-fi networks . change network connectivity allows the app to change the state of network connectivity . bluetooth administration allows the app to configure the local bluetooth tablet , and to discover and pair with remote devices . allows the app to configure the local bluetooth phone , and to discover and pair with remote devices . the easiest way to find the culprit would be to uninstall one of these apps , use your phone for a day or two and see if the problem happens . if your phone works ok without the app installed , then you have found the problem app . whereas if your phone still has the problem , you can re-install the app you have removed and uninstall another one for a day or two . it could also be that two or more apps are interacting or interfering with each other and causing the problem ( one app may be trying to switch your wifi off to save power while another switches it on to do something else ) . if this is happening then the best way to work out which app is causing the problem would be to uninstall all of the apps that could possibly be causing the problem , then re-install them one at a time over a period of a few days , and watch to see when the problem starts happening again . the easiest place for you to see all of the apps on your phone and click throught to see their permission is probably by going to your my apps page in the play store where it shows all of your installed apps and you can quickly click through to the app 's description and permissions pages . out of your apps list , the apps that look most likely to be causing the problem are these , but i have not been through the permissions your apps are using one by one so it could be another that is causing the problems : battery defender-battery saver fastweb . alice . wifi . recovery fastweb wi-fi decripter phono apn-switch wpa tester
sprint added a new Connections Optimizer in the latest release . to disable this feature , go to : Settings &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Connections optimizer &gt; uncheck the box ; mine says Sprint Connections Optimizer .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
it is operator-related . although the phone can support conference calling , most consumer calling plans do not let you do that .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
the reason is because shdroid does not have permission to execue tasker actions . you could contact the developer of shdroid and ask him to add the permission to the application . i have not found exact contact info for him , but i found his blog .
this was solved thanks to bossman 's awesome proxy apk . install it and then run via ssh : am broadcast -a pl.bossman.taskerproxy.ACTION_TASK --es task_name TASKER_TASK_NAME_GOES_HERE it works flawlessly : )
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
actually , on jelly bean ( 4.1.1 ) , it is Gmail &gt; Settings &gt; **username@gmail.com** &gt; Notifications .
just upgraded to 4.3 and for me this setting was in the " hangouts " app .
launch the google play store app and hit menu then settings . . then go to google admob ads and uncheck .
i found a workaround , downloaded a firmware from http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/ and updated my galaxy s3 with that using odin . upon first reboot my phone hangs showing only boot screen with samsung logo for about 2 hours , then i restarted phone in clockworkmod recovery did a wipe data / factory reset and then restarted the phone again , i got the default firmware back . then connected the phone to pc using kies and upgraded the firmware .
delete the account and set it up again , before finishing unsync sms . . .
no , there is no public api that allows developers to create camera apps that takes raw photos . based on what i have read in dpreview.com, implementation would have to be at driver level , and specific to each device . also , raw files taken by camera phones would also look nasty .
by default all the apps are forward compatible ( moving apps from a previous version say 4.0 to 4.4.4 in this case ) because there are only new api additions to the existing ones . as mentioned by @dan in rare cases you may find the app not compatible with the latest version only because an api is removed possibly due to some issues . still if the app is not compatible an update is released by the developer 's in order to make sure the app compatibility stays even with the future versions of android . note :- android applications are not necessarily backward compatible ( moving back from v4.4.2 ( kit-kat ) to 4.1 ( jelly bean ) or even 2.3 ( ginger bread ) ) due to lack of supporting api 's in the present which lack in the previous versions . so you can go ahead with your restoration provided there is a backup ready for any unwanted issue .
generally this should not be a problem . the only problem with restoring between different android versions is when you backup and restore the system apps ' data from a different version . if you only restore the apps you installed and their data , you will be ok in most cases . a few apps might have different versions of the app for different android versions , so those apps might not work properly because you have restored the data from a different version of the app . this is unusual , though , so you will probably find that all your apps work just fine .
if you are having root , use titanium backup to disable/freeze cmclient . apk and dmclient . apk . this will disable the tablet to check for ota from asus servers . if you want to update the tablet to latest firmware later , unfreeze/enable the apks and proceed with updating .
easy method ( requires root ) yes , there is an app for exactly that and much more called ' gravitybox ' ( it is an xposed module ) . for information on how to install it , view a similar post here alternatively ( does not require root ) if you are lucky your phone app should have a " blacklist " to which you can add numbers and prevent calls and/or messages ( notifications ) from them . normally found in the settings of your default phone app . . . if you do not have it , then you could even try a 3rd party phone app that will replace your default phone app that will do the trick ( there is a large variety that are more beautiful , simplistic , up-front and have features including black-listing options . . . ) . using a 3rd party phone app will leave all your contacts intact , but you may loose your speed dial settings .
try quiet balance app here is the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.melkote.quietbalancehl=en
gaosp is your only option . it is in beta 3 , so it is a pretty sure bet .
for audio streams xiialive lite is perfect .
as webs said , there are any number of decent android audio players out there . the one i use is mixzing -- however , streaming support is not yet supported , and still listed as " and even better to come . . . "
any htc android phone should have two music players by default , android 's and the one made by htc . both should be able to do what you want . if you do not like them there are at least 4 or 5 others you can download from the marketplace that should have the features that you like . a few popular ones are mixzing and meridian .
yes ! it is winamp for android : ) see winamp for android for qrcode
hangout photos that you have shared can be edited or deleted . hangout photos shared by other people with you cannot be edited or removed . i find this process to be much faster on the website as opposed to the cell phone/tablet interface because you can search the page . finding your hangout photos ( direct link ) : go to google+ using the dropdown menu on the upper left side of the page , select photos . in the search box in the top of the screen , select the down arrow . - animated gif on the google help page shows where this is located as it is not intuitive ( expand desktop computer ) . select hangouts . to find hangout photos shared with you , view all your albums in google+ and search for an album with the prefix " hangout:" . they can also be found by clicking a photo in a google hangout message . note : you will not be able to edit photos shared to you by others . this can be very annoying as there is a questionable photo my wife sent me which i cannot remove from the shared album . in this case , i had to ask her to remove the photo from the shared album so it would no longer pop up in my photo gallery .
just remove your account from your device and the re-login but this time make sure you stop syncing all the data from your google account . select the options in the settings where you untick sync google+ photos option .
you can delete the photos via the google+ app or web interface . from the left-hand menu , click photos . if you have not turned on auto-upload and do not want to , click not now to get rid of the prompts . then , if you are in the app , open the menu that slides in from the left again , and choose albums from the menu ; or in the web interface , click more on the top , then albums on that menu . from there you can see the hangout photos , listed separately from the ' real ' photo albums . you can select and delete them to your heart 's content . note that " deleting " a photo from this view does not delete it right away : it moves it to the " trash " or " bin " . to finish them off , you can find that on the same menu you were just on , or just wait for 60 days .
there is not any workaround to allow ms office to be installed on an android os . i would suggest trying google docs instead . you get the same functionality such as a word processor and spreadsheet software just like in ms office and you can save them as ms office file types as well . you can create and edit documents and spreadsheets from your mobile chrome browser or the google drive app . the desktop version of chrome will let you edit and create documents , spreadsheets , presentation , drawing and more . hopefully , this will meet your needs . if not , there are plenty of alternatives in the play store that will give you ms office-like functionality . some of them are pretty good and all of them are super cheap when compared to the cost of ms office .
open the script up using an app , such as root explorer , and add the line su to the beginning , and try again .
try running su from the terminal first , then run ubuntu.sh again .
you could use the cheapcast to act as a player and control it from a desktop or another mobile device . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.maui.cheapcast
there is a nice german tutorial on androidpit ( same page using google translate ) , explaining this in detail . moreover , you might want to check with the q and a how to check success status of opened url in tasker ? .
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
cyanogenmod 6 does this feature because it is native to android 2.2 . see this cyanogenmod issue report for more details .
you need to go into input properties and choose the languages you want . if you do not find the desired language then you must root your phone and use an app like language enabler from google play .
you can try external keyboard helper , which is designed for bluetooth/usb keyboards but i believe it should work for the chat 's physical keyboard !
you can try a 3rd-party keyboard like go sms pro . it will allow you to use different keyboard layouts , including russian . i think it has czech ( but probably not written in english ) .
i had a similar issue as i was learning spanish . i was finding it almost impossible to key in the spanish words using english text , one by one character . to get round this , i enabled two languages and therefore my phone now recognises both spanish and english words and therefore i have no problems when switching from contacting colleagues to learning languages . to do this , go onto ' settings ' , then ' language and input ' . then scroll down to the option titled ' samsung keyboard ' and click the setting cog next to it . you should then see an option called ' input languages ' and from there , you should see a list of all the available languages on your phone . simply check all the tickboxes of any languages you would like to use and then those languages will be enabled and you will be able to type with them throughout any app on your phone . hope this helps and answers your question .
aww you cant just make your physical keyboard to enter different language , you can try this : -use on screen keyboard -download google input for your desired language -and change input method by long clicking any textfield
you can use " emulator " from console . that way it will stay on regardless of eclipse state . starting emulator also , try using adb devices to find out is your emulator really running
you can reconnect your emulator using the android debug bridge ( adb ) . there are 2 primary methods to do this : in eclipse , open the " devices " view . the last button on the right ( upside down triangle ) will open a menu of additional options . the very bottom selection is " reset adb " from a command prompt you can type the following 2 commands to stop and restart adb . adb kill-server adb start-server
no . i have made my current city offline . but , when i do local search with third-party apps , the map is displayed after consuming internet connection . its task of third-party apps to cache fetched map data for future use .
if you are using the dolphin browser ( which you should be using anyways ) , there is an add-on called mypdf ( available in google play ) . check it out .
try with another browser , like the android stock browser or firefox for android .
if your recovery mode is also password protected , you are out of luck with gui interface from device . go to download mode and flash the rom . this is the only solution if you do not have password .
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
you can " wipe user data " from recovery mode , though that also means that you get to spend a few hours setting up your phone again .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
wifi speaker stream all audio from pc to android ! about use wifi speaker to stream all audio from a computer to an android device in realtime . just run the server on your windows pc , and the app on your android . the server is completely free , as is the app . setup is easy : download and install the server on your media pc . get the wifi speaker android app on google play enjoy tunes ! links google play store : wifi speaker ( free ) google play store : wifi speaker pro ( paid , no adds ) pixelatedmind.com: media pc server for winxp/vista/7 screenshots : note : i am the developer .
have you tried : plex : ( paid - $4.99 ) streams videos , photos , and music from your pc to lots of devices including android phones and tablets . some sort of vlc pc-to-phone streaming app ? audiogalaxy airplayit if you are not picky about the desktop to android part , maybe google play music will be suitable for you ? these might also help : cnet : how to stream music from your pc to android remotely , android authority : best free apps to stream videos from pc to android phone personally i have only used plex , google play music , and vlc stream and convert pro
i have settled with bubbleupnp which can act both as a server and a client ( on different devices ) , and it can play my google music account . it is not exactly what i was looking for , but it'll do for now . bubbleupnp : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bubblesoft.android.bubbleupnphl=en
you can try the following two apps : for pc : airfoil for windows send any audio from your pc to airport express units , apple tvs , iphones and ipods touch , and even other pcs and macs , all in sync ! use airfoil with web-based audio like pandora , music services like spotify , rdio , mog , and wimp , or any other audio playing on your computer . airfoil for windows gives you your audio on airplay devices all around the house . for android devices : airbubble airbubble is a lightweight airplay audio receiver . it will appear in airplay applications ( such as itunes ) as a device you can play music to . it works in the background , streaming music to your android device . this version is fully featured but will exit 30 minutes after each app start ( you can start the app as many times as you want ) . this can be unlocked with the airbubble license app .
try gmote . among other features , it notes on the play store description : stream music from your computer to phone !
roms are device specific . so : no , you cannot flash the rom from your exhibit on your dart without most likely breaking the latter .
android 's documentations only mention client and server relationship so it is more important to determine which device is the client and which is the server . the device that initiates the connection is the client while the other is server . someone says that the master is usually the client while the slave is the server but i am not sure if that applies for all cases .
have you tried connecting it to a computer ? have you tried pressing and holding the power button for a couple of seconds [ say , 10 ] ?
thanks to @danhulme in the comments . he asked me if the phone registered a connection in the notification bar and it did not . i wiggled the cable then pushed it all the way to the left and the phone was detected by windows . must be a dirty or failing micro-usb port . if cleaning it does not work i will be returning the phone under warranty .
there are apparently lot of quack cables out there that will charge the phones nicely but when it comes to data transfer will not meet the protocol needs and usb will not detect anything connected on the usb device driver to kick in at all . i struggled with a bunch of cables in my house for months . yes countless hours trying to figure out why the heck my windows 7 will not detect at all , to the point where i said i am giving up on android and going iphone . thankfully luckily i decided to try one new cable and lo and behold , two different phones immediately got recognized on windows 7 ( an lg and a nexus ) . so even though it sounds dumb , these darn cables are a major culprit ( or the connector jack/pins rather ) .
i did not test that , but you did not quote the command – so su -c just got the command pm to execute , while everything behind that got passed as additional parameters to adb shell . and shell does not know anything about " disable " . adb shell su -c "pm disable com.google.android.gsf/.update.SystemUpdateService$Receiver"  should fix that – and pass the complete command ( -c stands for " execute command" ) to su as one parameter .
this is the highest rated app i found appbrain : http://www.appbrain.com/app/pubtran-london/cz.fhejl.pubtran.london here 's the search i used : http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=tflsort=highest-rated
the one that used to be called transport for london is now called london underground and now has pay and ad supported versions . http://www.appbrain.com/app/london-underground-free/com.visualit.tubelondoncity
this is a play store issue . it has been acknowledged by google and they are looking at it . there is no fix or workaround at the moment .
this error has been noticed recently . the other day , i was trying to update the Samsung Push app , but it kept on failing . so , i just kept trying to update it , despite the frustrations . eventually , it updated successfully . maybe it is just a google play issue . update 2013-08-13: from al 's comments , google has officially recognized this issue , as is in fact listed in google support . we’ve received reports that some users are getting " package file invalid " while trying to download or update apps . we’re currently investigating a permanent solution , and there are no workarounds at this time . we’ll continue to update this page with developments , so check back soon . edit #1: oops , looks like my update has been mentioned in bmdixon 's answer already . update 2013-08-15: as of this time , google has already fixed the issue . source .
installing external keyboard helper pro seemed to fix the keyboard shortcuts in chrome . ( i have no idea why it helps ; this was completely unexpected . i was just installing it to get rid of the onscreen keyboard . )
no . there are alternative , customisable sms apps though , like chompsms or handcent sms .
new versions of the market are rolled-out by google automatically ( and there is a slight chance that you never see the new market , but i do not think that this is true for the desire s ) . so the best thing is to wait . if you really can not wait you could try this market . apk , but i am not sure if it is the latest . make sure that you have " unknown sources " enabled . source
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
i am afraid there is not as calls are not recorded by default or even stored temporarily . sorry this did not add any more information than izzy offered in the comment just thought it should be put as the answer . if you are in a similar situation in the future or need to record a call there are plenty of apps available that will let you do that .
ahh , i should have known , ssh is the solution . therefore install an ssh server e.g. sshdroid then you should usually have sftp and ssh to your phone . as command line tools like sed echo and basename are available even renaming is really easy :d . the really great thing is you even do not need a wifi around , you can make your own with wifi thetering and sshdroid will still work , though you have to disable the presence of a network in its options first . you do not need to root the phone .
you can use adb ( android sdk ) to open a shell from the device on your computer . you can connect over wifi or via a usb cable ( wifi is a little more complicated then using the usb ) . root is not required . once set up you open a command window and do adb shell then you have a shell from your device .
reading the very first line on google play for shark reader application for reading pcap files . which implies the op needs some tool to generate pcap files . . also , reading this also on google play for shark for root traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions . bolded sentence is my emphasis , so it seems a bit confusing and mis-leading . from the description on the play store , it is saying that using wireshark is a pre-requisite for shark reader to work . . but cannot find the actual app called the same . there is one available for desktop pc 's to allow sniffing of ethernet traffic , but for android , remains to be seen . also , for what its worth , sniffing traffic on 3g is questionable as that is dependent on if the radio base-band allows promiscuous mode , that is a given in order to be able to sniff traffic , even though its unlikely , due to proprietary nature of radio firmware . . ) wifi on the other hand , is extremely dependent of the capability of sniffing also , not all of them have the capability to go into promiscuous mode , again mileage will vary depending on the wifi chipset/driver and kernel regardless if rooted .
you could try wifinspect [ root ] or packetshark . both have buildin package analyse features . as far as i know , package sniffing is only possible for wifi .
can you once try menu-> settings -> language and keyboard . the first entry is " select language " . english is third in the list in my phone .
you could get a us/uk firmware from samfirmwarec . com and flash it with heimdall / odin . but you will lose your warranty and i can not guarantee that it will work ( it could even leave your phone in an unusable state ) . flashing can be done with three easy steps : get your phone in download mode connect it with usb configure heimdall/odin and start the process there are some other things that you need to be aware off , but everything is documented in the links i included . maybe you son will also help you . : )
you can change to english : go to settings , then select language . i bought mine in beijing and i only use english .
it is always a good idea to save numbers in canonical format , this ensures that you will be able to call the contacts if you are roaming in an foreign country . you issue is surely related to the android rom you are using . you could try to use another rom . but as i stated before , saving the numbers in a canonical format will be the best solution .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync: ensure auto-sync is checked . check the relevant accounts to see if sync is enabled for them ( click the account and see what is checked off ) .
another possible cause : is your phone 's memory full ? if your phone is low on free memory , it will not sync any new data to it . you will have to uninstall some apps or move them to the sd card to resolve this .
open up jorte and go to the " tasks and memos " section . click on the " task list " button , and there should be a " create " button that lets you create a new list . to view other lists , go back to the " task list " button and check/uncheck the lists you wish to show/hide . i do not know if there is a limit to the number of lists you are able to have in jorte ; i would imagine the number is a technical one that is much higher than an average user would ever need .
the max amount of task lists appears to be 3 , at least for me anyways !
not an answer to your question exactly , but it solves the main issue . i have coded a solution for this , you can download the apk on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1083284 . it uses a cntlm binary to process the authentication .
check this out dude . http://androhacks.blogspot.com/2011/02/proxy-settings-in-android-mobiles-with.html
single column rendering causes browser to use a different layouting algorithm . i am not exactly sure what the algorithm 's logic is , but it seems to be an attempt to force a website that were not designed for mobile to render in a single column for easier viewing on small screens . not sure if that is the case though , since enabling single-column view breaks the layout of android . stackexchange . com and disables text reflow , which makes reading much more painful than when using the default layouting . it seems this feature is not used for a reason , i cannot find a single web page that looks better when rendered in single column rendering mode ; even pages optimized for mobile views looks better in default than in single-column mode . the following are some screenshots comparing default and single-column rendering , the screenshot on the left are in no-single-column the screenshot on the right are the same page with single-column : android . stackexchange . com android . com wikipedia today 's front page mobile view : wikipedia today 's front page disable mobile view :
the about:debug menu on the htc desire hd has an option under menu > more > settings called " enable gep zoom " . this turns off htc 's text reflow feature and uses the default google zoom .
uastring will change the user agent string that browser sends when requesting page . user agent string is a short string ( text ) that the browser sends to identify itself to the server . many websites tries to detect the browser that is connecting to the website , and will serve different pages that is optimized for the browser . one of the most common method for such browser detection is by checking the uastring . the uastring setting basically spoofs the uastring and makes the server believes that android browser is really another browser . there are three options for uastring : android ( default ) desktop iphone the android uastring is the default uastring that is sent by android , websites may serve a mobile version of their site when detecting this uastring . desktop can be used to force the server to serve the desktop version of the site instead of serving up mobile-friendly version . on the other hand , iphone uastring can be used if you know that the server have a mobile friendly version optimized for iphone , but is not detecting android as a mobile phone and so is falsely serving a desktop version . for example , this is what http://www.useragentstring.com detects when my samsung spica used the various settings : when using android : Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 2.2.2; en-au; GT-I5700 Build/Froyo) AppleWebkit/533.1 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/533.1 when using desktop : Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10_5_7; en-us) AppleWebkit/530.17 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Safari/530.17 when using iphone : Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; U; CPU iPhone OS 3_0 like Mac OS X; en-us) AppleWebkit/528.18 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile/7A341 Safari/528.16
javascript console is this thing : for some reason , the " show javascript console " bar will only show up in android . com website . not sure whether the syntax error triggers the console or if there is another reason why it shows in android . com and none of the other sites i have been checking .
best option would be to upload them to either youtube ( marked as private or unlisted if you do not want them searchable/viewable by others ) or dropbox . should take the same amount of time to upload both . once uploaded to dropbox you can share either the file or a link . i typically use youtube as it does not require the other person to download the large video . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dropbox.android
i do not have any experience about the droid incredible 2 , but most android phones i have used allow to choose the quality of the recorded video from the camcorder app . decreasing the resolution would be the only way without using hosting services .
the easiest solution is probably to use a third party messaging app such as handcent or go sms pro . changing the default app itself probably needs rooting and some difficult mangling . please bear in mind that i have not tested these apps , and cannot say if they work well or not .
the htc desire by default allocates 250 mb of its internal memory for the /system partition , 40 mb for /cache partition and 147 mb for /data partition . the roms are usually packed in zip files and are usually about 155 mb in size . however , they do get bigger when unpacked . here 's how to verify that you will be able to flash a custom rom on your phone . download the rom you want to flash . i will use supernova rom here as example . unpack the zip file . in my case , this is Supernova_2.4.0.1_signed.zip . right click on the system folder and click properties . note the size of it . in my case this is 203 mb . right click on the data folder and click properties . note the size of it . in my case this is 17.9 mb . compare the found sizes to the reference sizes above . if your system folder is less than 250 mb and your data folder is less than 147 mb then it is all good . you will be able to flash the rom using the stock hboot image . this is true in my case for example . however , if you find that your data folder is bigger than 147 mb ( which is unlikely ) , or if you want more free space for things like apps and user data , then you will need to flash a different hboot image first which will layout the partitions differently so that you get more memory allocated to the /data partition . one such hboot image is called " bravo oxygen r2" . for more information and to download a differen hboot image , go to the alpharev website . what is contained in the system and data folders is what will get copied to the corresponding partition once you flash the rom .
unfortunately , there is no native method for this ( at least to my knowledge ) . but wifi switcher does exactly that . according to its description : the tool checks the registered wifi networks every 20 seconds . if one of these networks has better signal strength than the currently one , the tool changes the wifi network to this better one . but it is not that well rated ( 3.2 with 75 ratings ) . the alternative wifi jumper has a better rating ( 4.1@194 ) , but is not free : automatically connect to the strongest available wifi ( scaninterval configurable ) even unknown , but unsecured networks can be used automatically ( configurable ) optional : create wifi zones based on one or more radio cells to automatically start and stop wifi hardware .
you can do it manualy by using wifi analyzer and then connecting to the strongest wifi around you . i do not know an app that could automate this for you . link to app
the google voice app it self only lets you choose three things : all calls with regular number , all calls with gv number , or you can choose at a call-by-call basis . i do the call-by-call basis to get sort of what you want . i do not think there is any way to automatically have it choose one way or another per contact level .
you can do this with voice plus
i just found voice choice which claims to do what i want but i have not tried it yet because its a big purchasing decision at $3 . i will have to discuss with the family and check with my financial advisor . i will report back if it actually does the job ( or not ) .
although it does not address the real request , the widget available with the latest version of google voice makes it easier to switch modes as you can step through 4 modes ( do not use for calls/international calls only/ask for every call/use for all calls ) from your home screen . the widget is fast , so i think once you learn the sequence , you had be able to rapidly select the mode you want for a call before opening the phone app . i only wish you could select which of the 4 icons in the widget you want displayed so it could use less than 3x1 spots on the home screen .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
no , you can not work around it unless you make changes to the android sources and compile a custom rom . the installer service is a core part of the system and cannot be replaced or overridden like other apps can . this is by design . it will only ask you again if one of the apps that was updated is one that has other apps that can perform the same task . the same thing happens if you install a new application that can perform the task of another app . this is because updating an application is actually just like installing a " new " application . there is no difference in what happens when you install a new application on your device or if you update an existing application . so if there was a way to have it " always remember " this option , then when you installed a completely new application that you want to use , you would never get presented with the option to use it . lets use the launcher as an example . you use go launcher for a long time and you have it set as the default . then you decide you want to use the new foo launcher , so you install it . now when you go to the launcher you are asked what launcher you want to use . if you set it to " always remember " , you would not be presented with the option and you ( or maybe other users ) would consider this a poor experience because now they have to figure out how to change the launcher to the one they just installed .
i use " shh ! auto-silencer " for a similar purpose , screening notification automatically ( so i do not get calls at work rather than while sleeping ) . it is a time profile based app that silences your phone between time a and b and allows you to set exception for contacts . the best thing about it is that it runs in the background ( boot on start-up and runs off the alarm clock service ) , you do not need to enable/disable it as a sound mode . shh ! auto-silencer lite
the setting profiles app can do that . from their site : what if i don’t want to miss an important call while i’m on mute ? you can overwrite current sound settings with a rule based on incoming call condition . here is how to : create a new rule add incoming call condition and set it to your preferred contacts group ( like vip or family ) add activate profile action to activate the profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified that’s it ! now even if your phone is set to mute , it will still ring in case of a call from someone from contact group you have set up in step two . they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . i would try the lite version to see if it has this feature first . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
john as @thunsaker states this a htc sense mod and unfortunately cannot be changed . you could look at rooting your phone and putting a vanilla rom of android on or the fully customisable cynogen mod 7 , that way you can take back the control htc stole ; - ) . a place to start would be http://www.android.modaco.com
rather than modify your rom and switch over to cyanogenmod , why not simply use an alternative sms app like handcent sms or gosms . both have customizable options for sent message notifications , including vibrate pattern options .
you need to download and install android central sideload wonder machine to your computer and connect your device to the computer . this link will surely help you out . just follow every step carefully and you will get rid of that issue . hope that helps .
i actually managed to temporarily solve this : add ok to your personal dictionary and be done with it .
go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volumes , then tick Link ringtone and notifications volumes . if it is not there , you can use an xposed module like gravitybox to achieve the same result . just look in the Media tweaks menu .
as you do not give any example , we need to guess . i doubt it is for " stopping themselves " for the call dialog like amit suggests ( as a background " live wallpaper " , they do not need to do that specially for call dialogs : either they generally need it for any dialog , or not at all ) . i rather suspect some ad module behind this ( see my answer here for details ) . for ad modules , the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE are quite usual : the former to retrieve the advertisement material , and the latter to access your imei for identification ( good cop : to know which ads you have already seen so they are not repeated too often ; bad cop : to get imei , imsi , your phone number , phone numbers you have been in contact with -- so a profile can be built ) . note that the developer of the app ( or live wallpaper in your case ) has no control at all what those ad modules do . all he can do is to take care to chose a " good one " , and avoid the " more malicious " ad modules .
the easiest way to monitor android internet traffic is to connect it to a wi-fi network and run wireshark on the router . that way , you can do whatever you like on the android device while watching the packets go past on the wi-fi router . an on-device solution can be less convenient , because you have to do the activity you want to monitor , then switch to the monitoring app to see the results . in addition , you need to have root on the device to monitor other apps ' network traffic . in some cases this can change the behaviour of the app you want to monitor , though i do not expect that'll be a problem for you . network log is an open-source example of an on-device network logging/monitoring app .
if you have root , you can edit the settings database through adb : i first attempted to edit the field with the sqlite editor app from the play store : Settings Storage (com.android.providers.settings) \u2192 settings.db \u2192 system \u2192 window_animation_scale but it unfortunately gave me Update failed - error code 5: database is locked . whereas updating the database from adb worked fine . ( perhaps a different app would also work . ) other settings are also editable this way . if sqlite3 says permission denied you may need to chmod it to allow execution . you also may need to find the right path to use above for the settings . db file , here 's an example :
here is what is happening the update somehow unmounted and mounted partitons improperly . you will have to install ( flash ) custom recovery ( twrp , cwm , or other ) . go into the mount option to toggle settings . i do not know exactly which partition ( i think it was /data ? ? ? ) got mounted or unmounted , so i can not help you there . but i had the same problem when i got an upate on my acer iconia a500 . my 16gb turned into 1.2gb ! ! ! it took a little bit , but finally got it figured out . good luck ! !
disclamer - i dont have enough rep to place comments - so here is a suggestion . i have been looking around and found a blog from a user with your same device has got this thing rooted successfully here : http://androidxda.com/download-root-genius comment from user here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/ask-question/410785-need-help-rooting-envizen-tablet.html i suggest get your device rooted and then install ( clear some temp files before installing if you can . . . ) the disk utility from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.diskusagehl=en from there you can see where your data is being used . . . ps : you dont necessary need root priv 's to get this utility working however i am presuming you have flashed this thing to perhaps to death and may have lot of old data which may be stored from within the system data part of your android device .
the only way is likely going to where you went today . it will be very diificult to find it without network connection . lookout plan b would have helped you if your device had got something to manage sms but it is a tablet .
you cannot change the font on some books if it is using an older format . because those books are older topaz format instead of newer azw format . you can not change the font type with the topaz format , although you can still change the font size . if you look at the content of kindle with your computer , you will notice that the books with the older topaz format has . tpz extension while the newer azw format has . azw extension .
it sounds like the directory that emulator resides in is not in your path . the path is not updated by the installation of the sdk .
you should not have &lt;angle brackets&gt; around the filename . they are used in examples to show you that you need to change that part of the command ( to the avd name you chose ) , and you should not type them in .
a simplistic solution to your problem would be the following : set up any one of the ip camera apps on the play store . access the ip camera app 's web interface via the server . set the web interface to record the video feed to its storage . this would work ; but you have not specified if you own the server or not , what type of server it is , or whether you are on the same wifi network as the phone .
this is probably because of how the google calendar server api interacts with client applications . an update request has to be sent to a specific calendar on the server . if you could change which calendar the appointment is tied to , synchronization would have to send a " delete " from one calendar and an " add " to the other . i have developed and maintained a number of systems which have synchronization and replication . . . and i suspect that a decision as made to favor simplicity and avoid the possible complexities of cross-calendar edits .
you need to enable Unknown sources in the android settings ( on my device it is in the Security section ) . also enable USB debugging in Developer options .
today netflix released an offical app ! currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3
i have the verizon s4 and this is how you do it with that phone : open stock calendar app hit the left hand soft key for menu options chose calendars from that list all of your calendars should be listed there hit the display option to choose which calendars you want to display all the time ( all is also an option ) . check all or select individual calendars .
that might be an issue in sync . have you checked the settings --> accounts --> google ( your_account_name ) --> calender . is it checked ? please make sure , this one is checked so that google could sync the data . also if this is checked , sometimes the isp might block the service . on top the issue is just with the sync . on this post , the issue is somehow posted : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/calendar/vrknnwbodwg the guy had s4 and he managed to work it out , by going to settings . try it out . : )
i was having a similar issue - i would added a new calendar to one of my google accounts and it would not show up , regardless of the calendar app i used . occasionally it would be on the list of calendars , but when i went to show it , it disappeared from the list . finally , i removed that account and added it back . thus far it seems to be working .
two possibilities : side load flash with the apk found here , and then run dolphin browser to access the flash site try running the site through flashfox app as it has built in flash ( no need to sideload anything )
depending on the version of android you can create multiple users where each user has its own accounts system . http://www.howtogeek.com/170191/share-your-android-tablet-and-keep-your-privacy-with-a-guest-account/ the only other way to work around this issue is to create a new account just for that device and use play store with it . most of google apps seems to be really coupled at the moment .
i wonder that " device storage " turns up as an option at all , as it is not intended for direct user interaction . on internal storage , each app gets its " home directory " to write in , where they usually store their data and settings – but not e.g. your photos and documents you might wish to also access with other apps ( as basically , on " device storage " , each app is limited to its own directory ) . maybe you confuse this with " internal sdcard " , which is the user-storage on the device ( as opposed to the " external sdcard" ) ? to get some idea on the terms , be invited to our tag-wikis on the terms storage , internal-storage , and file-system .
headset blocker will disable those buttons . it is a widget , not an app .
try music button disabler is the best solution for lock the music button .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
the best way is nfc trigger . . there is an app ( nfc trigger ) that can activate car mode automatically when the tag is close to the tablet
the error message says that the update is for a device with the codename pandigitalplnt1 , not the planet 7 . you need to find one for your exact device model .
not a lot of information but to venture a guess -how old is the battery ? batteries do not last forever . what radios ( gps , bluetooth and so on ) are running ?
sorry i can not give you any help with the root part since i have never done it but i could let you know what to look out for if you want this action to occur with another app . pretty much when you plug the phone into the car dock . . . an Intentis created . if an app like custom car home or another other associates itself with that Intent then the user will receive a selection dialog asking them which app they would like to launch for that intent/action . if at the moment the only thing that happens is the samsung desk home is automatically launched , then this is probably because custom car home has not associated itself with that particular Intent . from the sounds of what tasker can do ( and i hear it can do a heck of a lot ) this should be manageable through it . try to set up an app launch on a specific condition . that condition is when the phone is docked into the car dock . tasker will then associate itself with that Intent and fire off your desired app . hope some of that was a little useful . sorry i could not be much help .
i have some experience with this on the developer side of things ( i am the developer of car dashboard ) . basically , the application has to support the car_dock intent . then , when you dock your phone in a car dock , the phone will go into car mode and it will automatically launch the application . the very first time it launches , you will be presented with a list of multiple " car home " like apps to choose from and you can optionally choose one of them to be the default . this works exactly the same way as switching to a new home launcher . note : however , that your dock must have a magnet ( or similar ) to activate the car mode . however , it could be possible there is something in the samsung 's version of the os that could be preventing you from launching other kinds of car home replacement apps .
no , you can not install a rom on a different device than the one it was compiled for . even devices based on the same soc usually need differently configured rom files , let alone ones based on different socs such as these two .
there are multiple possible solutions to the problem behind your sync issue : make sure auto-sync is enabled press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . make sure the checkbox for auto-sync is checked . turn sync off and on press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . select the account with sync problems . uncheck the box next to sync calendar to disable calendar sync . then check the box to re-enable calendar sync . note : if the box next to sync calendar was unchecked , simply check the box to re-enable calendar sync . clear cache press your device 's &lt ; home > button ; select App Settings ; select All ; swipe until you find the calendar app and tap over it ; tap over clear cache ; perform a resync to google . if that does not work , go through the same steps but tap clear data and perform the resync to google . sources : google support : problems with sync google calendar app not syncing to google calendar online
did you try syncing your calender ? go to Settings--> under the Accounts select Google --> in that menu select your email address --> then in the new menu " uncheck " Calendar and " check " it again . it will sync and most probably you will see the shared calender .
for the desktop version , click on the little down arrow at the top left of the screen , then activity log , then more then scroll down to select . i am hoping android will be similar . for the android version : to view your activity log on the android app , first go to your timeline . under your cover photo , you should see a group of tiles ( ex : about , photos , friends ) . swipe the tiles left until you see the activity log tile , then tap on the tile to view your activity log . from and : • tap activity log > filter • scroll down and tap search from .
i do not think you are going to be able to do this in the android app . at least if you were in the desktop version you might be able to look through your web browser history . . .
attempt both and see if either work . hold the power button for 10+ seconds hold the power button and volume down button for 10+ seconds
cwm should not have put your phone into a loop . in any case , you can use adb push from your pc to put the update . zip file onto your internal storage at /sdcard . ( adb is include with the android sdk tools . )
there are 2 possible solutions i see here . in the root menu of cwm there is an option mounts and storage . if you go into that , there should be an option to enable mount USB storage . that way you could place the zip file onto your internal memory . you can continue following your guide . cwm also has an option to install a zip from an external sdcard . you could pull the sdcard out of your device and put it in your pc somehow . then load the cyanogenmod zip onto your sdcard and insert it back into the device . after that you should find the option in cwm to install from your external sdcard . install zip from sdcard → choose zip from sdcard ( instead of choose zip from internal sdcard ) .
a rooting procedure is provided at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2683754 , but a google search yields no custom roms for your device . sorry , but it is either you build your own rom , or stay at 4.0.1 .
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
this problem usually occurs when , for whatever reason , your phone is set to only use wifi to make calls in the call preferences menu . on android , with jelly bean upgrade , some apps will alter this setting apparently . here 's the fix . enjoy ! from home screen , access apps/settings/more settings/wifi calling ( press the part to the right of the on/off button to open another menu ) / connection preferences . choose either " wifi preferred " or " cellular network preferred " . make sure the phone does not have " never use cellular network " selected , or every time you shut down your wifi or go out of range of it , you will be listed as in airplane mode in the on/off menu , but not in the apps/settings/ . . menus , because your cellular transceiver is disabled by that setting . note : these instructions and menu layouts are specific to my samsung galaxy s2 with android 4.1 . xxx jelly bean , but can easily be adjusted to other phones . hope this helps , and my best to all !
is it a known bug ? yes , it is . and it seems that it is not fixed yet . here are some advises from me : try to change sim card and see what happens . backup all your applications ( data ) and do a hard reset . backup all your applications ( data ) and flash unofficial ( custom ) firmware . also try newer version of android ( 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x ) .
i found the only solution without deleting the system cache and losing everything was to change to a different sim card . there must be some parameter that gets corrupted in android that is associated with the sim card . by changing the sim must use a different set of parameters that are not corrupted . i tried putting back the original sim card and the problem returned . i also tried putting my original sim card in another android and it also worked ok .
i had the exact same problem since yesterday , this post was the solution http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
actually it is very intuitive , open the app drawer , look for settings , then follow below : language and input > keyboard and input methods > android keyboard ( aosp ) settings > input languages and in this list tap to put a check-mark for both english and french .
you can achieve this using third-party keyboard apps . try multiling . i like it particularly for 2 reasons : it is highly customizable : from the look to keyboard layouts to languages to sounds to effects to emoji icons to tablet layouts and much much more . it supports my native language = ) ( uzbek - a minority language ) with the autocompletion dictionary . and the best part ? it is free ! background info although i do not need french and i only use the qwerty layout , i tried adding french and the layouts you mentioned and it worked and i was able to do that pretty quickly . note that you will not be able to change the keyboard layouts as quickly using a shortcut as you would change languages ( swiping the space bar ) . however , i am assuming one does not need to change layouts that often since it is a matter of typing preference . setting up languages and layouts once you install the keyboard , follow these steps to add languages ( the app will actually present a very convenient step-by-step set up wizard when you first run it ) : settings ( not android settings , but multilang keyboard settings - there is a key for that on the keyboard . this will open a popup ) > languages > tick off the languages you want . to install the autocompletion dictionaries , go to " install dictionaries " on the same screen . this will open developer 's website with links to download dictionaries from google play . to change the keyboard layouts : settings > keyboard settings > themes , sizes and layouts > abc layouts > select the layout you want . press back several times to go back to the input screen and you are good to go . switching layouts if you want to use qwerty with english and azerty with french , there are two ways to achieve this : changing the multiling keyboard settings where you have english and french set up - following the steps above ( total of 7 taps or 4-5 seconds ) . using the stock android keyboard with english language and qwerty layout , and multiling with french and the layout of your choice . in this case keyboard switching is done through the notifications screen ( as far as i remember on ics - i am on jelly bean now ) . bonus information here 's a promo video for the keyboard which shows the different languages , layouts and styles . you will see my language on the 33rd second : )
mine too , also htc sense . my " my contact card " is not called ' me ' but rather has my name - it is linked to my facebook account which i think happened during set up . the htc site says this about " my contact card " . . . " my contact card provides a convenient way to store your personal contact information so that you can easily send it via mms . in addition , you can log in to your facebook and flickr accounts to receive notifications of your contacts ' updates and events . on the all tab of the people screen , tap me , and then tap here [ ? ? ] to edit contact . " anyway the result is that my phone has a perfectly good contact record for me from google mail/talk ( with my various phone numbers , email and physical address ) and another useless one sucked in from facebook - it does not seem possible to link my personal google contact record to my facebook record or to delete the ' my contact card ' . that is a bit of a mess really , shame as the rest of the gmail/facebook integration is very good .
perhaps " me " is a reserved name in the android contacts app . try renaming your " me " contact in your google account and then see what happens in android after syncing contacts again .
the contact record for you i assume just has your name . if you link the two ( top right corner when editing a contact ) it will pull all of the information in . on the down side it will eliminate the " me " entry . at least that is how i remember it working when i went through this . my wife just left with my phone for the evening . . .
you can check this e.g. in the honeycomb user guide . basically , it sums up to the following : android settings , as wifi networks incl . passwords , user dictionary , etc . settings of many google apps , as e.g. browser favorites apps downloaded from the playstore additionally , app developers can use this api to have their apps data backup'd along -- but only few do so . furthermore i would not rely on this backup -- there are many reports that , while the backup works , the restore not always does : it seems there is no way to manually trigger it , and on initialization after e.g. a factory reset ( or with a new device ) it often fails . also , as far as i know , it is an all-or-nothing thing : you can have it let all your backed-up data restore ( as described before ) , or not .
google dashboard is a service for accessing a simple view of the data associated with a google account . with dashboard you can also get a list of your android apps that store data in the google cloud , the dates of their latest backups , the amount of storage they use , and some additional data such as the date you first registered the device . to access this information : visit google dashboard at https://www.google.com/dashboard enter your google username and password , and log in scroll down to section " android devices " click the " more data stored about this device " link under your device names 's entry
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
try nitronote - it offers syncing for outlook notes . you will need to install apps on your desktop as well as the device . there is also the more powerful touchdown client which will sync email / contacts / tasks from an exchange server . finally , lots of users claim to find gsyncit to work well for them , but ymmv .
how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) &lt ; 0.2 m http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication nfc is intentionally very low ranged since it is meant to be difficult to accidentally connect to the wrong nfc readers . one of its possible applications is to aid in initiating longer-ranged connection ( e . g . bluetooth or wifi ) with zero configuration . also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? no , currently nexus s only have nfc reader , it cannot emulate nfc tag . http://www.nearfieldcommunicationsworld.com/2010/12/07/35385/google-unveils-first-android-nfc-phone-but-nexus-s-is-limited-to-tag-reading-only-for-now/ there are plans for future android releases to support nfc card emulation , but nexus s will not be getting it since it lacks the necessary hardware . i can think of several ways to hack around this , with some limitations , since static nfc tag can be made as a sticker , but full nfc card emulation will not be available in nexus s .
i know this already has an accepted answer and is quite old but the answer is wrong . " how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) " the answer quotes &lt ; 0.2m but that is from the nfc standard , the actual distance depends on the radius of the nfc chip 's antennae , in the case of the nexus s is can detect a tag from about 4cm or less , as the other non-accepted answer says . " also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? " yes it can , kind of . it can ' push ' an ndef message containing information ( plain text/url/others ) and if you put another nexus s next to it then you can read it with nxps nfc application , or other ones . i am not aware of any applications currently on the market than can push an arbitrary ndef message but if you have ics then this has the android ' beam ' feature which utilises ndef messages . http://www.engadget.com/2011/12/01/android-4-0-ice-cream-sandwich-review/#beam it can also do card emulation as is used in google wallet but this is not supported in the public api . however have a look at this for a gingerbread rom with emulation features : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1281946
the specs on the nfc controller chip in the nexus s are the following : http://www.nxp.com/acrobat_download2/literature/9397/75016890.pdf to answer your first question , as advertised in the above pdf , the nfc controller chip inside the nexus s has an operating distance of about 10 centimeters . however , in practice ( specific to the nfc controller in the nexus s that is ) , it is limited to about 4 centimeters . you practically have to hold the card to the back of the phone in order for it to be able to read the card . 10 centimeters is massively over-exaggerated , 4 centimeters is the farthest i could go with any card . distance is greatly dependant on the quality of the rf transmitter , and receiver on the other end , so this distance may very well increase under different conditions . if you have specialized equipment , it is possible to pick up any nfc rf communication up to a distance of about 10 meters , but do not expect nfc implementations in phones to go any farther then 10 centimeters . for your second question . again , as advertised in the above pdf , card emulation ( the ability to present oneself as a nfc tag ) is supported for the following standards : iso 14443 –a-b-b’ , mifare , felica rf . to my knowledge , these are all the standards one should ( currently ) care about . however , card emulation is not supported by the android sdk , and i am not sure whether or not it will be supported in future versions , or even if android devs are working on such functionality . it would , however , be the logical next step for the android sdk to support .
this depends on the screen technology . for instance , ( it was said that ) android 2.3 gingerbread has dark theme since google 's latest flagship device nexus s uses ( super ) amoled display which consumes less energy when displaying dark color since amoled produces its own light and darker color emits less photons . contrasts with lcd display which uses a backlight ( a fixed number of photons ) and the lcd crystals filters those colors it needs . the crystals on an lcd displays though , actually consume slightly less power when displaying white since it takes more power to strain the crystal to block more light . screen color does not affect the backlighting . there are certain display technologies in tvs that tries to give dynamic backlighting by dimming the screen when displaying darker image . i am not aware of any device that actually ships with that type of screen though .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
hey , i just ran a load of test to figure this out . they are vaguely scientific tests ! i figured out that i was saving 20% battery by switching to dark wallpaper and dark themed apps . have a look through my write up , you should be able to work out the saving on your phone : http://blog.stevemould.com/phone-battery-save-black-wallpaper/
if your screen has an older standard lcd then this does not help at all . the backlight is still shining behind all those darkened pixels . you just can not see it . if you have oled , amoled , super amoled , led lcd , or i think even plasma then it does help to darken the screen because the light is generated specifically where it is needed . btw there are fire fox plugins that reformat whatever page you are on to be dark . i do not remember the names , but i needed it when i was living in a studio apartment with my girlfriend and i was up all night on my computer while she was trying to sleep 20 feet away in the same room .
a factory reset does indeed reset the virtual sd card on a galaxy nexus . okay , initially it appeared as if it wiped the virtual sd card , but it did not . after the media scanner did its magic , everything on the sd card ( mostly ) still remained there . i did a factory reset by going to android 's settings , then backup and reset , and did the factory restore option . i did not wipe the device from recovery .
i am not sure if this would work , but worth a try . some mobile phones and some cell phone service providers require the use of apn . contact your cell phone service provider for the apn .
the magnetic field of a certain point is directional and has magnitude . the x , y , z returned by the sensor is a vector that describes the strength and direction of the magnetic field relative to the device measured in microtesla . for example , a value of (x, y, z) = (50, 50, 0) means that there is a magnetic field sqrt(50**2+50**2+0**2) \u2248 70.7107 microtesla strong in the direction of 45 degree to x-axis and y-axis of the device .
what clockworkmod does is a so called nandroid backup . basically , this contains an image for each of the file systems of the device ( i.e. . one image per file system ) -- and thus it is a full backup/"image snapshot " . the format of the snapshot might differ and depend on the device and clockworkmod version being used ; for my motorola milestone 2 most of the file systems seem to be captured as yaffs2 image , i.e. the image uses the same file system used on the device . so it is comparable with using dd on unix/linux ( see wikipedia ) , at least in my case . newer versions of clockworkmod recovery ( 6.0 and up ) also do " incremental updates " to save space on the backup medium and allow for faster backup ( see e.g. this techiebuzz . com article ) . for this , you might also want to check our question how can i tell cwm to perform a full backup instead of an incremental backup ? more details you can also find by following the clockworkmod tag .
cwm backups are full system backups , so they restore it to exactly how it was when you took a backup . everything including apps , settings , preferences , even call log is saved . you do not have to flash the rom before restoring a backup . the backup files contain a boot . img and system . img that have the rom , kernel etc in it . when moving to another rom , you might also want to take a backup of all your apps and app data with titanium backup , this is helpful to restore them on the new rom . if you flashed a new rom without using titanium backup , do not panic , app extractor can extract apps and data from a cwm backup . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handyandy.appextractor my usual flash routine is : backup with titanium , sync all data on wifi , backup sms , reboot to recovery , do cwm backup and then wipe , flash new rom , reboot and restore apps , and sync . hope it helps !
ask yourself what did you do for mail before you installed the yahoo app . are the notifications you are receiving from a primary mail app ? mine were .
when such a notification appears . . . open your notification area long-press on the notification . this opens the app 's settings in the system configuration . here you can disable all notifications from the app . this is a feature introduced with jellybean -- as you have stated your device is running android 4.1.2 , this setting should be available to you .
in the official yahoo ! mail app , yahoo recently changed the layout so that the settings menu is no longer accessed by pressing the " menu " button . launch the app and tap the little &lt; arrow next to the " inbox " label on the upper-left corner of the screen . this will reveal the folders menu . scroll it down to the " tools " section , tap on Settings , then tap on Account settings option , and finally on Notification Settings . from here you can set up the notification options for new messages : Choose Sound -> No sound -> Done to disable audible notifications , Use Vibrate to toggle vibration on and off , Show in Status Bar to toggle the icon in your notification panel . if there is no " notification settings " tap the text that lists your e-mail address associated with the account , and you will find the settings there to shut off notifications , both audible and visual .
you can remove your yahoo account from your android phone . just go to settings - > account and sync - > serlect account and the you will find the option to delete the account .
go to downloads , click on it and send it to trash . worked for me .
i hope this is your problem , rt ? just go in downloads , select other downloads and it will appear facebook build 141046 and then select that and click cancel . or settings --> apps --> all --> download manager --> force stop , disable and clear cache then enable again help/more
you could set each one of your contacts individual ringtones to be a sound file that is just someone saying their name . it would be pretty tedious , and it would not work for numbers that are not in your contacts , but at least it is something . see this thread on how to set custom . mp3 files as ringtones .
sanity is another neat app for this . alternatively , it is straight forward to configure a tasker profile to ' say ' an alert including the caller 's name .
i do not see this feature in the current version of gmail ( sort by read/unread ) however you can always remove the " inbox " label from the message . this way your inbox will only show unread messages .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
according to the specs , the eee transformer has usb ports . android 3.1 added usb host support . the problem ( s ) with what you want to do is that there is no support for dvd navigation ( and probably the udf and cd9660 filesystems , as well ) in android . you had be better off ripping the dvds onto your computer and using a usb hard drive ( or the transformer 's internal storage ) to play them on the tablet .
can not say for the tablet itself , but the eee station comes with usb ports , and samsung introduced recently ( apr 2012 ) the world 's thinnest optical drive designed for tablets . samsung introduces world’s thinnest optical drive for tablets the se-2188bb supports android honeycomb version 3.1 or later and can handle a variety of media at high speeds including 24x cd-rom , 24x cd-rw , 8x dvd±r recording , 5x dvd-ram recording , 6x dvd+r dual layer recording , 6x dvd-r dual layer recording , 8x dvd+rw recording and 6x dvd-rw recording it is safe to assume that this is the type of solution you were after .
try my voice reminder . its a free app . do not know if it supports ics .
you can try https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.seifsoft.togglepanel it is pretty and quite customizable . you can always flash another rom , but togglepanel is a viable ( in my opinion ) alternative .
stock roms for some handsets from some manufacturers actually include such a widget . for example , samsung 's touchwiz overlay provides a similar looking functionality , although not as configurable or flexible as the one from cyanogenmod rom . for other stock roms that do not have this feature built-in , 3rd-party apps ( like the one you already tried ) are the only options . even if your device is rooted , porting this widget from cm is not an easy task , since it heavily relies on changes to android framework and other core services that are specific to cm . in other words , by the time you are done porting all the prerequisites , you had end up running cm anyways .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
you must be a part of the beta program : go to http://beta.swype.com/ login resend the beta email : https://beta.swype.com/android/welcome/?resend=yes on your android phone , go to the link in the email : https://beta.swype.com/android/get/ it should start downloading the installer to setup swype . if you still have problems , you will need to contact their technical support .
settings > lock screen > lock screen widgets > personal message/personal information . that should be what you are looking for if i understand correctly .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
did you try wifi mapper ?
you could try " wifi maps light " for android , available for free in google play .
i had a couple of undesirable contacts , on my frequently contacted list , on hangouts as well . i was signed into my account and went to contacts . google . com on the left side , there is a " most contacted " option that you need to click on ( it is underneath " circles" ) . from there it will show you a list of people that you have contacted most frequently . when i deleted the offending contacts , they were removed from hangouts . i have a nexus 7 so hopefully these tips will help you out .
long press on the contacts name when using hangouts from your phone . you will then have the option to hide the contact . the contact will then no longer show up in your frequently contacted list . if it is a contact that you do not want in your hangouts list at all , go to your gmail account and delete them that way .
you can use automateit to enable/disable airplane mode on a schedule . this may be easier than finding a custom alarm clock .
gentle alarm does that . at night , when you set the alarm , it goes into flight mode . when the alarm kicks off in the morning , it takes itself off flight mode .
droidwall is what you want ! it allows you to control which apps can and cannot access the internet , and the new version ( the one i linked ) enables data types , so you can allow an app to access the internet all the time , just on 3g , just on wifi , or never .
unfortunately that is left up to the applications themselves and as we have seen not all apps have been designed to that level of user friendliness . i have seen it in some app ex . " only sync when on wifi " or " what time would you like to sync " . you could try to use an application like tasker to turn your 3g off and on at different times . i know i run my phone at max battery saver mode with turns data off after 15 minutes . which helps a little .
i believe opera ( either mini or mobile ) compresses data on their servers before sending it to your phone , so that would use less bandwidth than uncompressed data . otherwise there is not much you can do , any good browser downloads exactly what the website tells it to and nothing more . the droidwall app might provide some of the functionality you want . i am not sure if it allows different profiles for wi-fi vs 3g .
in ics and above , there is a data-limiter that can be used to restrict/throttle the data coming out of the handset ( settings > data usage ) , have a look at this to see how it works . but if you are on gb or earlier - maybe watchdog 3g would be a better bet fit for your needs .
as stated already , one solution would be to use an app that lets you synchronize with dropbox . i personally already used dropsync . it works flawlessly , however , the free version only lets you sync one main folder . so that was not really an option . the solution i just came up with is making good use of the tasker app yet again . tell tasker if the camera or gallery apps are running and mobile data is enabled , disable mobile data . then as exit task ( to be executed when camera/gallery get closed ) re-enable mobile data . dropbox will then upload all the shots i did not delete right away using the camera/gallery app .
assisted gps may cost money : it depends on your cellphone provider , and you should check with them first . see this old cnet story for more info . for vodafone , i could not find any official information online , but this thread by a user on the official forum suggests they charge a-gps data the same as any other internet access . if you are worried about the data charges , go into settings -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks , and turn off data roaming ( the names may be slightly different depending on which device and android version you have ) . while data roaming is turned off , your phone will not try to use mobile data while you are roaming ( that is , abroad ) . the gps will still work fine , but it may take longer to fix your position : maybe as long as 12 minutes , according to wikipedia . whether the app you want to use will still work without an internet connection depends on the app you are trying to use . you should probably test this before getting abroad : if it turns out you have to download and use a different app , you will not have saved any money at all !
this means the sd card has not been fully checked and mounted , and the app you are trying to run is on the sd . that is why you see the icon , but can not run it for awhile .
try disabling security checks in security preferences goto settings-> more -> security -> uncheck verify apps and check unknown sources
one solution if you have a rooted phone is to install lbe privacy guard . it scans your apps for permissions that can be risky , and lets you block them on a per app basis . you can prevent apps from : making calls/sms identifying your phone via imei connecting to the internet . accessing call logs , contacts , sms inbox .
generally they do not . most games do not need sms or phone call permissions , and you should be suspect for any game that does . i am assuming this is not the same as " read phone state and identity " which this question answers .
if you do not use them , there is no point in updating them . the only benefit of updating would be that they will stop giving annoying reminders to update - at least until their next update . many of these bloatware/crapware additions can not be removed without rooting the phone . however , many of them will respond to a force stop after which they will not prompt you to update until you reboot your phone . the really annoying ones are those that restart after a force stop . most updates increase the amount of memory used by the app . leave them alone if you do not want them . in terms of security updates , if the app is not running then it is not a risk .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
theoretically , of course , you could modify your hardware . but this is not remotely feasible for 99% of us . one thing you can do -- if you root -- is to install various apps that will allow you to move more to the sd card . you could also try a custom rom that is smaller than the stock rom . if rooted you will also be able to uninstall crapware system apps ( be careful not to touch the important onces ) .
it is on main drive of your phone ( at lest it was in my case ) , named something like . voice . 3ga just plug in your phone to pc , an run search for . 3ga file type . hope this helps .
there might be insufficient working memory . . ( memory is being used by other application that you are not using . . ) . to fix it go to setting> applications> manage applications , click on the runnning tab . now force close applications or games that are running but not needed . and dont forget to force close the games/apps that has this issues . i hope this helps .
[ moving from comments to answer ] this could be an issue with either debugging mode switched on or the power source itself ! please try on ac power , this is a known issue with quite a few phones ! in fact i had this issue with my n7000 running cm10 , the phone is just lying around now . just to be sure , is usb debugging off ? just to see if that is the issue for me , i tried different sockets at home with my old phone ! it varies based on the power supply . all i can say is stop charging through these faulty places
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
using a root explorer application , navigate to /system/etc and delete anything that is named hosts including any backups , then restart the device . you may also need to clear the facebook app data as well .
go to the applications menu in settings -- at least that what i think it is called on gingerbread , on on ics it is just apps -- select the facebook app and clear the cache as well as the data . then go to the /Android folder on your sd card and delete anything starting with com.facebook . finally , reboot your phone . if your problem was related to the facebook app it should now be fixed .
the filtered contacts list solves this problem , but unfortunately if you are like me you are constantly needing to look at the larger list of contacts and you will not remember to turn the filter back on afterwards . so when you get back into the car , it will start sending the whole list again . i just found a workaround . there are a ton of alternative contact apps in the marketplace that will sync to your gmail contacts . i installed go contacts ex https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jbapps.contactprofeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5qymfwchmuy29udgfjdhbybyjd it appears that the bluetooth address book is only controlled by the stock contacts app , which i have left filtered . i banished the stock app from my home screen/launcher . all good now .
you could use an " http get " action to query the site . the response code sent back by the website is stored in the %httpr variable . so %httpr = 200 means the site loaded sucessfully . you can then make the rest of your task conditional on that variable , eg . if %httpr = 200 then go home ( or however you are " closing " dolphin ) . i know that %httpr is dependent on the mime type of the http get request so you will have to tweak that a bit , and you may choose to look for different response codes to trigger different actions . there is probably other ways to do it but it would depend on the site you are trying to reach .
if you are downloading the .apk files from unknown/untrusted sources , there is no easy way to judge . most anti-whatever solutions ( anti-virus , anti-malware , etc . ) are just ruling by " database entries " ( i.e. . they have a database of known malware , and check whether the package name matches ) , or only check requested permissions ( and not whether e.g. a sms app only sends the smss you wish ) . i have never heard about a " real " heuristics scanner analyzing an app 's behaviour . though it might theoretically be possible a " scanner " also verifies a kind of checksum ( as the mentioned md5 ) , this could only work against a " trusted base " like e.g. playstore . for apps not available there it would fail then ( nothing to compare ) . and even for apps available there , it would need to check against the very same version . such a solution is hardly practical . so while my arguments might differ , my bottom line is almost the same as geff 's : only install from trusted sources . while nothing is 100% secure , this imposes the smallest risks possible . the highest risk is with pirated stuff , as that is very likely to have " bad things " injected .
google introduced an option verify apps ( disallow or warn before installation of apps that may cause harm ) for side-loaded apps when unknown sources is enabled ( both settings available in settings -> security -> device-administration ) . you can also use an online virus scanner like virus total to check your downloaded . apk file . but this is the same with every scanner service : they are not 100% sure and probably only detect already known malicious apps . custom tailored malware will probably remain undetected . also very new malicious apps will probably slip through until after some time they will be detected .
i use lookout security , it scans every app you install and you can also scan apks
you can upload the package to a mobile sandbox to see what it is doing . the sandboxes will execute the binary and you can see the execution resutls . this will also work for some formerly unknown malware as it does not have to be in some av-database before . examples for sandboxes are mobilesandbox , copperdroid , sanddroid , tracedroid , joe sabdox mobile , forsafe and others . as always , there is no 100% security , but then again , there is no complete security when downloading from play store , either . . . virustotal that has been mentioned above recently started to run some samples in a sandbox as well and is of course always a good bet as it tests against a magnitude of already known malware . a similar service as virustotal but specifically for android is andrototal .
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
the best tool for dumping partitions and devices is a unix tool called dd , which is also available with almost any linux distribution , like ubuntu . if you are running windows then you might want to try dd 's counterpart for windows - windd . it is usually : dd if=[source_inputfile] of=[sink_outputfile] warning ! these tool can do harm to your drives if used incorrectly ( if you mix up data source and sink , the source will be overwritten ) . a quote from wikipedia : it is jokingly said that dd stands for " disk destroyer " , " data destroyer " , " death and destruction " , or " delete data " , since when used for low-level operations on hard disks , a small mistake , such as reversing the if and of ( input and output ) parameters , could result in the loss of some or all data on a disk . so please , be cautious .
turns out that uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers solves the issue . the strange part is that before i uninstalled the drivers , the name on the driver said it was for a samsung galaxy device , which the nexus 4 clearly is not .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
hacking the play app is probably no feasible option . and as matthew read suggests , as a system app , it can do what it wants . the only other options i can think off is using an alternative android app market . you can find some here : http://www.howtogeek.com/106175/the-top-5-alternatives-to-the-android-market/
get timely alarm clock . i have never tried more than 10 alarms but i guess it should be worth a try . it is free after all and extremely sexy . also you should try adding calender events instead of alarms and change the sound to something loud .
in gsm/cdma auto mode , the mobile uses its energy to keep updated on the network that surrounds you . that is why many people complain heavy battery useage when on gsm/cdma auto mode . in finding a cdma network it would try to switch to that network . and at this moment you experience a disconnection for few milliseconds . the ideal way would be to manual switch between the two . gsm when you are on calls and cdma when you are performing heavy data operations . if you got rooted phone you can use cyanogenmode controls to setup this effortlessly .
on android 2.1 eclair , one can turn these clicks off by navigating to settings > sound and display : scroll down to audible touch tones and audible selection and uncheck both options . hopefully , there are similar options on your sgs .
quadrant and linpack are the two i use . linpack is purely for measuring cpu performance , whereas quadrant also takes into account i/o speeds , graphics performance , and the like .
by installing a different version of cyanogenmod . android is not like windows , where you have to install each driver separately : all the drivers come integrated in the rom . sometimes , with third-party roms like cyanogenmod , they do not quite manage to integrate the drivers properly ( because only the manufacturer has all the required information ) , so you get defects like this one . if you found the problem in a stable release , release candidate , or beta of cyanogenmod , you should report it to the maintainers for your phone so they can fix it . if you have been using a nightly snapshot , do not bother , as they are expected to have serious errors and are not suitable for everyday use . upgrade to a newer release if there is one , or perhaps to an older release .
i fond a " patch " solution . basically , you must " downgrade " the video quality . to do the " downgrade " on google 's official app , follow these instructions : open a video with the youtube app . tap any place of screen to show the menu ( in landscape ) . hit the 3 dots on the top right corner . hit the settings icon to show the available resolutions of current video . select 240 or less .
internal memory is tricky as you need to be able to read the smasung galaxy internal memory , here 's a guide you i found for you : samsung galaxy data recovery
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
do you have any custom keyboards installed ? i have found that when i pair the external bluetooth keyboard ( tried two models ) the phone errors and reports you must change back to the standard samsung ime keyboard before the it will type . you can manually change the input method with the hot key inside any writing app , but the message will reappear and convert the keyboard back to samsung ime .
i believe you should be able to switch between loudspeaker and earpiece like this in the screenshot at the bottom while in a call . on my samsung galaxy 3 running a custom 4.0.3 rom , it is working fine . but after searching on skype forums i found this - speaker only on android device looks like a lot of people are having the same issue from initial releases of skype for android . devices and os are different in each case , so there really is no solution for users other than to wait for a fix from skype . you should perhaps look for alternative apps like these- fring ( fring google play ) sip ( sip for android ) gtalk for android app . ( supports video/voip from android 2.3 onwards ) . see here - xda-develoeprs gtalk w/video and voice for 2.3.3 roms
after investigating the question i linked above , i found the following page ( translating from germain ) , where the authors determined that the majority of common android apps they tested did not send passwords in the cleartext : http://www.heise.de/mobil/artikel/sicherheit-von-apps-fuer-android-und-iphone-1103681.html?artikelseite=6 turns out this is not as helpful as gathrawn 's answer above ; i did not understand the full ramifications of cookies .
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
you can configure the default search engine for the address bar by going to chrome menu > settings > ( basics ) search engine . search the web
yes , you can set up multiple google accounts on your device and gmail will handle them with aplomb . you may have to have the play store account be the " main " account , just for ease of use , but you can easily add the account ( s ) where you have your email and/or calendar information . you can also selectively choose which account syncs gmail , calendar , etc .
as al e stated you can add multiple gmail accounts to the gmail app and set them to only sync the email . another option would be to open gmail in your browser .
you can try this : tap your device " home " button ; tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " applications" ; tap " manage applications": look for the browsers in question , notice " launch by default " , with the caption stating " no defaults set " , make sure the button " clear defaults " is tapped , if it is disabled , it means its the only one in use . i.e. no other alternative app that handles the browser . repeat that for other browsers you may have . next time you launch the browser , a pop-up will appear with a choice , there is a check-box underneath , " make default " , tap that , and next time , the default browser of your choosing is used . this applies to other apps also that handles the flow of actions as well , such as an alternative to messaging , email , music etc .
well , though this problem is not very common , but some people may experiences this , most probably all internet users know the basic procedure how to do that but after try all common procedure , still if it not work or keep asking to make it default then its kinda frustrating . many issues may case a single symptom , so it could be harder to solved for most of computers users . so please try the flowing two steps simple solution , you no need bother about all the causes . check the browser whether it is working or not and if working but still asking to make it default then update or reinstall the browser and in that case you able to see ( if properly installed ) or will not see the browser in control panel-> default program-> set you default programs window . now if from browser setting " make it default button " still not working , do it from control panel-> default program-> set you default programs window . will work for sure . enjoy .
it should be under your system settings ( the settings " app" ) , in the " date and time " subsection ( which is near the bottom ) . uncheck the " automatic time zone " option and then select the correct one manually :
i would suggest a 3rd-party app such as widget locker . dev offers great support , and this application is consistently updated . it also works very well , and is customizable to your needs .
for security reasons , you can not access normal apps from the lock screen : you can only access lock screen widgets . they are like home screen widgets , but the app they come from has designated them as suitable for the lock screen : they may have better ways to keep sensitive data hidden than normal home screen widgets . not all samsung phones support lock screen widgets . for example , the galaxy s iii does not ( unless you install a 3rd-party lock screen app , or a custom rom ) , because its lock screen was designed before google added lock screen widgets to android . the galaxy s4 does , though , so you just need to add the widget of your choice to it !
s a m e . my device is nexus 7 running android 4.4.2 though . i found someone wrote this on the web . " the issue with this draining your battery is that you have location turned off , if you turn it on and leave it on you will not get the battery drain . with it off google search is constantly looking for the location and cannot find it which is what is draining your battery . had this issue and once i turned on location and left it on , no more drain . hope this helps ! "
this seems like a fix : the solution is to take away 2 permissions : the google search app permissions to keep the device awake , and access location . this gets rid of the wakelocks , and still appears to keep google now etc . functional . you can do this using app ops from the play store ( needs root ) , or if you are on custom roms , through " app privacy " menu setting . additionally you could also turn off location history and reporting , to be on the safe side . google now still works , but now without the wakelocks ! http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/1zxri4/google_play_services_battery_drain_the_real/ on my device ( running cyanogenmod ) , i went to settings → privacy → privacy guard → preferences → make sure show built-in apps is checked → scroll down and long press google search → keep awake → denied for those not running a custom rom , unfortunately there seem to be a million app ops apps in the play store , but this one looks legit : app ops by lars team
i do not know much about the android debug bridge , but i guess hard reset ( simple ) can do the trick for you . i have a solution with me right now , actually i had some sort of issues on my gs2 , so i bookmarked the forum where i had found the solution , here it have a look:- http://howmobile.net/samsung/2150-how-hard-reset-samsung-galaxy-s2.html it worked like a charm for me and i hope will do the same for you and other who are looking for a galaxy s2 hard reset procedure . thanx
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
in latest version of gmail you can specify notifications based on labels . create a filter in gmail 's web interface and assign it to a label . on your android device , open the gmail app , press menu key and go to More -&gt; Settings tap on your account , scroll down and tap on the " sync inboxes and labels " option . tap on the label you created in step 1 , and change the preference to " sync last 4 days " or " sync all . " go back one step , scroll down and tap on the " labels to notify " option . tap on the label name from step 1 , and set the notification options to your liking ( custom ringtone , vibration , etc . )
you can use one trick . use filters in gmail to put a label on the message with that particular word . now in gmail app go to settings -> notifications . you will see option to set notification as per the label .
assuming you installed clockworkmod recovery via rom manager app ( or manually ) , you can do the following : install the appbrain and fast web installer apps . run appbrain , sign in with your google account , enable the fast web installer from settings , and perform a sync . download the rom installation zip for miui and place it onto your sd card . reboot your phone to recovery mode , scroll down to " backup and restore " , go in , and select the " backup " option . this will write an image of your phone onto your sd card . os , your apps and settings will be saved . perform a full wipe of your device from recovery by doing a " wipe data/factory reset " , " wipe cache partition " , and " advanced -> wipe dalvik cache " . select " install zip from card " option , and then " choose zip from sdcard " to flash the rom zip that you downloaded in step 2 . optionally , flash the gapps package , and any other files ( refer to the rom 's instructions . ) once the installation is completed reboot the phone , add your google account , and set up the system to your lining ( do not download any 3rd-party apps yet . ) open the market app , install appbrain and fast web installer again , and sign in . open the appbrain app , and enable fast web installer in settings again . while still inside the appbrain app , go to " manage and sync " , press the menu button , select the " more lists . . " option . pick the list that was created for you in step 1 , and press the " add all apps " button . this will queue up all the missing apps that you had installed on the previous rom . go back once , and tap the " execute " button . after verifying the permissions , tap the install button . this will automatically download and re-install your apps . once the apps are installed , configure them to your liking . reboot back into recovery , perform another backup , and reboot the phone normally . open the rom manager app , and tap on " manage and restore backups . " you should see a list consisting of the 2 backups you just made , sorted chronologically . rename the first backup to " cm7" , and the second to " miui " . you can now easily switch from cm7 to miui by simply restoring the corresponding backup . keep in mind that if you change anything on either rom , you will need to perform another backup so that your changes are saved .
since it does not look like a feature that android natively supports , you can try contact remover ; it lets you to mark the contacts you want to delete .
it depends on what kind of internet is available on wi-fi network . a wi-fi hotspot can broadcast internet provided by 1g , 2g , 2.5g , 3g , 3.5g , 4g , dsl , adsl , adsl2 , t1 etc . so , the comparison is meaningless unless you know the back-end connection . if you know the back-end connection , the question should not exist .
it differs with your connection quality , in normal situations wi-fi is faster . wi-fi mostly not usable for mms , so you need to use e-mail .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
if you have " avoid poor connections " enabled in your xperia 's wifi settings , try turning it off : Settings &gt; WiFi &gt; Advanced &gt; Avoid poor connections 
factory-resetting twice is pointless . the first factory reset will already wipe all user data : the second will not delete anything that was not already deleted by the first . encrypting the device is also a waste of time , because you have already factory-reset the device . it might make some sense if you were the seller of the phone , and you wanted to overwrite the internal storage several times to make sure the buyer could not recover your data , but that is the opposite of what you want . a single factory reset will delete all the user data , giving you a clean slate . if you are worried about the previous owner having left a backdoor in the os , then ensure the bootloader is locked and flash the stock rom yourself . this way you are sure to have a clean os . if you suspect the buyer has enough skill to backdoor the bootloader so that it will also make changes to the new os as you flash it , and also disable signature verification so that it will still boot but looks like the bootloader is locked , then just do not buy a phone from them . if you think they are that good , and that desperate to get hold of your data , then they will find a way around whatever you do . you just can not trust the device at all in that case .
for sure ! hopefully there are professional rom cookers at xda-developers that cook roms without any kind of bloatware . here are some articles that i recommend you to check before flashing a new rom : unlocking the bootloader updating firmware/flashing roms optional : a beginners guide to modding and tweaking the arc after you done all that you are good to go flashing a clean rom , my suggestions are : [ development ] - cm7.0.3 - free xperia project
you have already described correctly what that " master key vulnerability " is about . if your only source for new apps is google play , you are most likely on the safe side ; danger from this seems to be restricted to side-loading via unknown-sources . however : if you want to check whether your device is affected , there are several apps out there which promise to do this . e.g. belarc security advisor describes itself as checking for several hundred security flaws known on android ( including the master key ) . if the check is " positive " , there are also fixes available , like master key dual fix or the master-key security patch ( a module for the xposed framework ) .
turns out i was not in fastboot mode :| ( yes , terrible mistake ) . i was able to flash after getting into fastboot mode .
make sure you have the official drivers installed from samsung.com, then reboot your device and pc and try again . you can also try putting it into download mode before using kies : remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time .
to expand a bit on the previous ' no ' answers , it is not just the kernel , but the rest of the os which makes a big difference . applications developed for linux expect a certain set of libraries ( shared bits of code ) to exist and do what the application expects . they also sometimes expect a certain filesystem structure and other dependencies . not all linux distributions include the same libraries , filesystem layout , or have other differences . that is why you will often see linux applications distributed as a . tar . gz file with a script to compile it yourself ; that makes it a bit more cross-platform . some executables , like command-line utilities , can be cross-compiled to work on android because they do not have as many complex requirements as a big complex application like eclipse . android 's different enough that there are not ( yet ) straightforward ways to compile standard linux gui applications to work on it .
no is the short answer . the android os is built on the linux kernel . there are a lot of differences between the android os and the average linux distro , and some of these differences are critical to installing eclipse .
expanding a little bit on ben griffths answer and martin tapankov 's comment , no , you can not run eclipse on android because there is not a java runtime environment to run eclipse and there is not a build of the java development kit for android . although most android apps are written in java , android does not have a jre ; android uses dalvik which is a completely different runtime .
yes and no . you can not install eclipse on honeycomb but there is an app on the play market called aide which allows you to edit , create , compile and run android applications .
yes you can . install a regular linux distro on your android along side whichever androidos you have and run whatever linux apps you want : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
best bet , look into running chrooted linux off of your honeycomb tablet ( i know it can be done on the motorola xoom - http://www.offensive-security.com/backtrack/backtrack-5-on-a-motorola-xoom/ ) . basically its just an arm build of that linux distro running on your xoom . once in that environment install whatever traditional linux stuff you want . the arm version of backtrack is on the website , its a info security linux distro so theres lots of tools i use at work . anyway , happy hunting , i know eclipse can be setup in backtrack so less work for you to go , it might even be in the apt-get repo for it as well .
easiest way to install eclipse on android is to install a virtual ubuntu on your android device
that is a very interesting question ! since sooner or later we will be running android on our desktops . if you want eclipse run on android , you will need to compile all its dependencies . linux kernel is not a problem . and even porting eclipse 's java codebase to run in dalvik is not a problem . the problem is eclipse 's ui . eclipse ui is build with swt - an amazing toolkit that enables native look of a java program on many plaforms . to start with , you will have to port swt on android . http://www.eclipse.org/forums/index.php/mv/msg/246310/736679/#msg_736679 afaik , there is currently no plans to port swt on android . so , the only easy solution to this is running both linux distro and android at the same time . this can be done with " any linux distro built for arm"+chroot+vnc .
no . as you might know , eclipse has various problems running in different flavors of linux ( which is why ubuntu has an official repository version of it , and all that ) . android is even worse -- while based on linux , it is a completely different operating system . a similar question would be , " is is possible to install a *nix version of eclipse in mac os ? "
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zpwebsites.linuxonandroidhl=en check out this link , its possible to install linux on android maybe you might be able to install eclipse linux version via this method ? although you need root access to be able to install it
i use an app called airdroid . you install it on your phone , and then also install a chrome extension ( there may be other versions for the computer , the chrome extension is the most universal for me ) . this app lets me see the screen of my phone , receive messages , and operate apps . i do not know the full reliability of it because i still use my phone by itself most of the time since i can , but you can look into it and see all that it really has to offer . i think it could really help you out .
if you have got a separate device running the same ( or higher ) version of android , there would be an option alongside sid 's answer . you would not need the full sdk , just adb itself ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . then you could use adb backup -f myname.ab -apk &lt;com.app.name&gt; to backup your app and its data ( replace &lt;com.app.name&gt; by the app 's package name , to be found e.g. in its url on the google play page , following the id= ) , and adb restore myname.ab to install it on the other device . however , some conditions must be met : your xperia z must at least run android 4.0 usb debugging must already be turned on on your xperia z ( from your description , it sounds like that could be the case : been through the folders on it using the laptop ) the second device also must run android 4.0+ -- best the same as or a higher version than the source device that provided , and followed above steps , you then could start the app on the second device and access its data . edit : from ott 's comment below i just notice i have missed an important point : the entire procedure only works if you have used adb backup before , and set up a desktop password for it ( e . g . holo backup works this way ) . so this will probably be no solution for you in your current situation -- but you might wish to be prepared this way for ( hopefully never happening ) future cases .
since your screen is smashed and touch screen capability is gone , you may not be able to use apps like airdroid , as varnerbeast14 has suggested . instead you can use a service like droid@screen . follow the steps below to view your screen . install java jre ( or jdk ) , version 6 or later install android sdk run its sdk manager and install the platform tools set the environment variable android_home to point to the installation directory of the android sdk install usb drivers for your own android device , by getting it from the vendor’s support web page download and install the latest version of droid@screen configure your device to allow usb debugging ( settings-> developer options -> usb debugging ) plug in the usb cable between your device and pc launch droid@screen
the xperia z supports usb otg so you can use a computer mouse to access the screen by connecting it to the phone with a ' male micro usb to female usb otg ' cable . no setup required just connect it up and use the mouse to enter your passcode and do anything else you need to . once unlocked you can connect it to your pc to copy everything across or use the mouse to access an app .
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
even more useful information can be obtained from parted . an example when the block device is /dev/block/mmcblk0:
i believe you want : cat /proc/mtd . also useful : mount .
it is usually safe to restore non-system apps and their data across different android versions with titanium backup . i would not try to restore a honeycomb-specific app on a previous os version though , as the app itself may be incompatible due to radical changes between 3 . x and earlier os versions . restoring system apps and data is very unsafe . you can introduce instabilities to your device , due to changes in the way system data is handled between major os versions of android . if you are using titanium , i assume your device is rooted , since otherwise you would not be able to backup app data . if you also have a custom recovery installed ( e . g . clockworkmod ) i would highly recommend doing a full backup of the device , in case something goes wrong .
there is a tutorial on how to activate offline voice typing on jelly bean which you could follow . here 's an excerpt : open the system settings of the device . go to language and placing . make a tap on voice search . now do a tap on download ricon . voc . offline . with a swype moved all tab and select your language , it will begin the download of the package . eventually the card installed will appear . now you should be able to use voice input in offline mode . just in case , here are several additional howtos : how to : enable offline voice typing in all jelly bean android devices download and install google now with voice search ( stable version ) on galaxy s3 . from the first " additional link " , the description looks a bit different : go to settings go to languages and input check if the language is selected as english ( us ) . if not , then set it . in the inputs , look if the option google voice typing is checked . if not , then check it . select the gear icon beside the google voice typing . this will take you to the voice typing settings . in the choose input language , uncheck automatic and select english ( us ) . below , in the download offline speech recognition option , select english ( us ) . after the download completes , close the settings . go anywhere for typing , like messaging . select the little gear icon in the bottom left area . this will give the option of selecting voice typing . speak out your words clearly and the device will type it out even if internet connection is inactive . you should be able to do this with other languages as well ( e . g . english ( uk ) ) -- just make sure they match in all places .
mobile firefox includes support for firefox sync , which not only keeps your bookmarks in sync between your mobile device and your desktop firefox ( es ) , but also supports opening tabs you currently have open in your desktop browsers . i know this is not exactly what you were asking for ( del . icio . us/gmarks sync ) , but it works perfectly and makes any other bookmark syncing site obsolete for me .
there is an add-on for dolphin browser hd which can sync with google bookmarks : bookmarks to sd . gomarks for google bookmarks is also in play store . do try xmarks too if you need cloud bookmark sync ( not limited to delicious , gmarks ) . it has an android app as well as dolphin add-on too . but , its not free on android .
if your phone supports it , you could upgrade to ics . the stock browser and ( presumably ) chrome beta support syncing to google .
this sounds like the behavior if you have blacklist mode enabled . double check the ( subtle ) whitelist/blacklist default button ( the text above the apps listing ) .
i know this is a low tech answer but i have had this happen before , normally due to screen smudge from fingers or liquid splash/residue on the screen . give the screen a good clean ( use cloth from a pair of glasses ) and see if problem persists . failing that shut down , remove battery and leave for 5 mins just incase it is a charge/capacitance issue .
you can do this with your native camera app . but you have to have jb 4.2 ( not 4.1 . x ) . go to the camera . tap on the camera icon and pick the item that looks like a small globe with a panorama stretched over it . that is the photo sphere mode . take a picture as usual . keep your camera steady . you should see a message to align your camera with the blue dot . tilt your camera up , down , left , or right slowly to match the center of the screen with the blue dot for the next area . the picture will snap automatically when you get there . keep going for as long as you wish to take as many images as possible and make your complete photo sphere . note : this may look a little weird if you try to take pictures of people , since they tend to move between shots . landscapes and interior shots are your best bets .
check this forum . it is dedicated to the development for custom rooted roms on gt-i55 series . there are roms for i5508 , i5500 , i5503 . maybe slight modification may port it to i5510 . you should ask the dev team for some assistance .
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
firstly , it is not an official update . secondly , to fix this error you need boot your phone into recovery mode ( press power + volume up + home ) . after that , move the cursor down to " wipe data/factory reset " and select " ok " ( yes to all ) . then select " wipe cache partition " and " ok " ( yes to all ) . finally , select " reboot system now " .
i do not think you have installed update provided by samsung . i am samsung s ii plus owner in india and i didnt get any ota update yet . this problem might be due to corrupted rom . roll up to the previous rom it'll work cheers !
i would suggest you to go back to 4.1.2 using odin and then try to update back to 4.2.2 . here is the link to the official 4.1.2 rom http://hotfile.com/dl/201564582/e4fdddc/samsung-updates.com-gt-i9105-inu-i9105ddamc2-1363593737.zip.html
it might be worth a try to install android ide ( aide ) - to quote a brief summary : aide is an integrated development environment ( ide ) for developing real android apps directly on android devices . aide supports the full edit-compile-run cycle however , typing on a device might make it cumbersome unless its a tablet form factor with bluetooth keyboard attached to save the pain in typing . edit as per @izzy 's comment below , terminal ide is another such app , this one points to google play store , however i got a 500 error trying to access the page below within the comment ! cheers for that \o/
lightest way is to not install anything at all and simply use a website , such as ideone .
android 's shell will support a limited amount of unix-style shell scripting . it specifically should have a shell at /system/bin/sh that you can use , however : the shell provided with android has a severely restricted set of commands available to it . if you want to do anything even remotely complex you will need a busybox install ( or another shell ) . it is generally pretty rare for android apps to provide any kind of command line interface or binaries . i very much doubt that sugarsync , for example , allows you to perform a sync from the command line . if you want a bit of a gui you may want to look at something like gscript .
there are a few android apps that are able to control other android apps , and can chain several commands together using their gui in a similar way to a script , they both have plugins to extend their support to many popular android apps and functions . tasker and locale are probably the most famous of these ( see here for some comparison ) but there are also other similar ( free ) apps that you could look at .
i suggest the screen on app . i use it when i do not want the screen to dim or turn off , because i want to be able to instantly pause the playback on my audiobook without having to first hit the power button , then swiping the screen . when you want it to revert to a more power-saving mode , you can turn the app off again from the notification bar . it is not customizable to allow it to dim after a specified time , but it will keep it from dimming at all . better than nothing !
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
while connected via usb , you will notice a usb icon on notification bar . drag the notification bar down , you will see a " usb connection " item . click it . select " none " or " nothing " ( i am not sure about the option name in english , because my motorola milestone is in portuguese ) .
apparently the winamp app has an Enable auto-mount setting that is by default set to true . problem resolved .
whenever you root your device , you are adding root access to the current os . if you just perform the factory reset , it will retain root ( as this just deletes user data ) , but if you restore the stock image , it will completely wipe the os and will put the system back as htc intended it ( which would remove root ) . you would then need to re-root the device .
use adb on a computer while your device is in recovery . to copy a file from the computer via usb , use this : adb push /path/to/local/ROM.zip /sdcard/  this will copy the local file to the device in the specified location . directories can be created on the device via the shell : adb shell  and using the usual shell commands to navigate around and create directories . this beginners guide may also help you . you might also consider getting a usb otg adapter . this way you had be able to put the files you need on a usb drive , plug it into your n10 , and flash the files you need . i do it this way on my n7 with twrp all the time so that i can erase everything on it without worrying .
have you tried wugfresh 's nexus root toolkit ? it should be able to do that .
it is very unlikely that you can control the sensitivity . most of these magnetic switches are simple reed switches : the magnet pulls two contacts together , closing the switch . the software simply gets an on/off signal , not a quantity it can filter . it might be possible to add the delay solution you suggest in a custom-rom , but i do not know of any with this functionality .
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
try installing the llama app then removing it . for some reason it fixes this , i had the same problem . there is a issue on the tracker that could help .
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
there is a separate vibrate setting in the menu for sms messaging under settings .
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
this application would solve your problem geo tag photos this system uses the phone to track the time and location and then you upload your photos from the dslr to a website and the site will help you geo tag your photos based on your phone 's information . basically the phone keeps track of where you are and sends the info to the site and then when you upload the photos the site matches the timestamps on the photos with locations .
just make sure you sync the time on phone and camera . you can edit time in your . gpx files later , if needed , but it can take some time . in case you have had different time on your camera and gps , you can use command line utility exiftool for time shifting . for your convienience , there is also a gui frontend for that tool .
i was looking for a similar solution . does this help ? update : in short , use mytrack app on android to generate a gpx log and then use gpicsync to use that log to geotag your pics .
gps essentials app will let you set waypoints of you location , so you could set a waypoint when you take a picture . you could then use software like geotag to tag your images on your computer when you get home .
it happens . do not worry , its just a minor brick . you can recover it . what you have to do is , you have to flash your htc mini with a new firmware ( either stock/cyanogenmod/any custom rom ) . but proceed by your own risk . now follow up how to flash custom rom/cyanogenmod/ stock rom on htc mini on google . you should find your answer . good luck !
just change the extension from .nbf to .zip . for detailed step-by-step instructions , read this . go to settings , sync and backup in old nokia symbian phone . click on create backup and store the backup in memory card . connect the old phone to your pc through normal ' mass storage ' mode and open the backup folder from memory card . copy the .nbf file from memory card to your pc . the trick lies in this step when you fool nokia around . .nbf stands for nokia backup file . just change the extension from .nbf to .zip and extract using winrar/peazip . here you see a list of .vcf files in the extracted folder . connect your android phone to pc and transfer these files to sd card or internal memory . use this free " import contacts " app from google play and transfer contacts .
as already pointed out in above comments , there are multiple questions on this site offering parts of the solution you might need : how do i transfer all my data to a new phone ? the answer there already covers contacts and text messages , and works even without root . how to transfer apps , contacts and settings between two identical phones ? currently has three answers . #1 should cover most of the data exposed via android 's own apis ( so called service-providers ) , again without root . #2 covers some more areas , again not requiring root . #3 then mentions a very helpful app , which requires root : titanium backup ★ root . i would recommend you taking the payed version of the last mentioned app . while 5 bucks may sound a lot in terms of an android app , you will not ever regret having spend them . tibu was one of the first apps i have bought years ago , and i am still a happy user . using this app , you not only can backup all your apps including their data , but all your messages , contacts , call logs , and whatsnots . even the system settings go along . provided you get back the very same device running the very same android version , you simply can go ahead and batch-restore everything ( pro only ; with the free version , you need to do this manually for each item ) . but even if you switch to a different device or android version : restoring your apps+data goes the very same . just with system apps and their data ( including your apns , wifi hotspots , contacts , text messages , etc . ) you need to take special care . tibu offers a " migration mode " , which i strongly recommend in that case ; but still , some extra care cannot hurt : for your user apps+data , use the batch mode -- no problems to expect there . but for the just mentioned system stuff , better restore items one-by-one using the migration mode , and then check if everything works fine ( even a reboot in between might be required , e.g. after restoring your text messages , contacts , and the like , as android does not expect them coming that way ) . it is just in case . and if something seems " botched " , remember what you restored last -- then do a factory-reset , batch-restore all apps , restore everything up to the point before the " botched " item , and skip to the next . i do not expect any trouble that way . but in case it comes ( thanks to murphy 's law ) , you are welcome to ask that in a new question , giving the details , and we will do our best to help you again .
there are different standards for headset plugs , and sony has started using the ctia layout for it is smartphones since 2012 . i could not find the official documentation on the differences , but it is pretty well explained here ( in german , but the pictures speak for themselves ) . the gist is , on regular headsets the order of the pins is ground-mic-right-left , but on ctia it is mic-ground-right-left . to get regular headsets working , you will have to use an adapter , but if i am understanding this correctly , headphones ( that is , without a microphone ) should work normally .
you can try nokia 's headphones . i think they will work with them .
from the looks of it , at this point , marking something available offline only allows you to read it offline when using a mobile device ( source ) . however , you can edit and write files offline if you are using a computer or device running chrome or chrome os . i am sure at some point google will allow editing offline , especially for tablets , but at this point , i am pretty sure that you can online view files offline . sorry .
from the homescreen , go to menu , then edit . this brings you to an overview of configured home screens . long-press the one you want to remove , and drag it to the trashbin which appears . continue until only 3 screens are left . similarly , if you want to add more screens , there is one " screen " with a plus-sign ( "+" ) in the same place . tap that one , and you will get an additional screen .
check to see if " system settings / developer options / stay awake " is checked . it is intended to give exactly that behavior ( "screen will never sleep while charging" ) .
i believe if i understand your question , the linking between your google account happens automatically ( as it should ) when you log into your google account on your handset , and your contacts all synchronize . however it sounds like some of the merging of duplicates , and what number is the " default " number get lost ? for this i would definitely recommend the gmail application online . all you need is to login from a computer and select " contacts " . then just go under " more actions " and do " find and merge duplicates " that should give you just one contact per person . this is your best option if you have lots of contacts , some are duplicates , or other information not entered or organized correctly . it can be quite time consuming and tedious to do editing from the handset . if this is not what you are asking , you may have to rephrase the question slightly . when you say " sync the default number " that is rather ambiguous sentence . for example , i log into gmail , click contacts , and then select one of my friends . there it shows me the numbers stored on my phone ( in the google cloud ) . if i were to change the numbers shown , that change would be reflected when i grabbed the handset next . are you looking to make one number the default number for that person ? and have it do so automatically ? edit : after doing a little more research , it looks like this question was addressed here at the google forums . the last comment in the list ( by ratgurrl ) mentions exactly this frustration . and despite what you do on the phone , when you resynchronize you lose the preference settings you put in the handset , and the ' default ' will revert to whichever contact number is at the top of the list on that contact in gmail . so the real answer until google addresses this : log into gmail , and move the one you want as the " default " contact to the top of the list .
you can go in settings , running applications and close the ones that you do not need . the application that the system needs you will not be able to close . or you can just uninstall the undesired ones as well . and reformat your question so it makes more sense and it is understandable .
this was my first cell phone with android sistem ( samsung galaxy ace android 2.3 ) , i just have for 4 days , so some questions arose , like this one but is pretty simple to solve , and i hope that can help another people . to solve the problem is going to settings , turn off some applications that i/you dont need , if you like me dont need 3g always working as the gps or wifi , just turn them off , but pay attention if you run out of battery the app 's will turn on when you turn on your cell phone .
if you are running on android 4 . x : go to settings -> backup and reset -> turn off " back up my data " if you are running on android 2 . x : go to settings -> accounts and sync -> select your account and turn off backup and sync
first , make sure that your contacts from your old phone were saved as google contacts . you can do that by going to : http://www.google.com/contacts from any computer and login in with the google account you used on your old phone . if your contacts are there - you are in luck . just add this google account to your new phone and the contacts will be synced .
yes , it will be there just login with your google id and check the contacts app
yes to both of your questions . once you attempt to sync your phone to gmail , it should ask you if you want to import contact from your google account . that said , if you exported your contacts from your previous phone , then you will be able to retrieve them on any android device .
no , it will not duplicate your files . however , there are some files that will not be deleted , like system files and some other software data .
as ce4 pointed out , privoxy just seems have to left the playstore within the last month . at the moment , the probably only candidate left seems to be filterproxy . on the other hand , if you have your device rooted , there are some additional possibilities working by manipulating the device 's local hosts file . a quite good candidate in that case would be adaway , with the alternative of using adfree and several other candidates .
there has been a port of privoxy for android , it was available in the play store but has been deleted : old and broken google play link . the author 's site has a page still here but no downloadalbe . apk . you might have luck by asking him for an . apk . i do not know of any other port , alas .
i believe this will fix it : go to settings , language and input , google or android keyboard settings then untick the box next to " sound on keypress " .
i just turned the text to grey so if the background is white or black , i can see the text . you have to open an email and click menu . there is the option Change font colour , middle one is grey .
by default , the email background colour is set in black and the font colour in white . i have the problem with no text in white background for my exchange server and windows live emails , but after changing the email background colour to white and the font colour to black when i received the email with no text in white background , the problem has since gone away .
i think i have found the solution to this . within settings -> power saving there is a setting for background colour for email and internet . turning this off seems to have solved my issues . my sanity has now returned !
i am also having this problem ( or something similar ) but as i don’t currently have the device i haven’t tried changing the colours yet . as far as i can tell the problem is not random . it seems to only happen on emails that have been received after the device has been setup with the exchange profile . if you delete your exchange profile from the device , then set it up again , after re-syncing you will notice that you can now read the unreadable emails from previous syncs . you will also notice that this problem occurs on any new emails you receive after setting up the device . do you know what version of exchange you are using ? i have got exchange 2010 . i am afraid i dont have a solution , but if anyone reading this does please answer this thread !
turning off other processing features , like face recognition , may also improve performance . . . though at the expense of other benefits .
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
in tweetdeck , each column has separate notification and update settings . tap the menu key , then column settings . switch notify off , and set your desired update interval , or move the slider all the way to the right to select " manual " .
it has nothing to do with what app you are using – on android the screenshot key-combination works globally , no matter if you are on your homescreen , in the settings , or in a game . however , the global key-combination can vary from device to device , depending how the manufacturer implemented it . like you mentioned : normally that combination would be vol-down+power . but samsung uses ( at least on the galaxy s2 ) the combination home+power , where home is the big iphone-like button in the center below your screen . press both those keys simultaneously and hold it for about a second .
i finally found out why ! :d when the phone boots - at least if i use go launcher - if the sd card is not completely mounted apps " get lost " . i have completely solved the problem activating my phone card pin code . i turn on the phone , wait on the pin code screen without entering it for a minute and then i enter the pin : everything is perfect . i think the problem can be also solved killing and restarting the launcher but i did not test .
have you moved them to or from the sd card ? my app icons disappear from my home screen when they are moved .
i sometimes have this problem with my lg optimus v . i used to re-install the app ( s ) , now i just reboot the phone again--works 9 times out of 10 ( and with those odds , the a second reboot handles that 10th time ) .
use an alternative browser like flashfox . its selling point is the fact that it plays flash . source : installed flashfox , opened a random channel on micromusic .net, there were sounds !
i am assuming you mean www.micromusic.net? it seems that the site uses flash to play the music , which is not supported on android at all . you had have to get the developers of the site to provide other options for listening to the stream .
looking at the f-droid 's repository , this app , ' appbak ' will generate the list of apps installed on your handset into a simple flat text file on your sd-card . the crucial thing to remember , is the ' package-name ' is the most important part of it , and is at the developer 's choosing and discretion . for example , an app called ' foobar ' , that appears in the application drawer , the package name would be ' com . foo . bar . app ' , from there it is quite easy to reconstruct a market link from that as in : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foo.bar.app 
the application listed above , " appbak , " gets its data from the android package manager class ; if you have got root access , you can see the source ( /data/dev/packages . list ) which is a simple text file that lists only currently installed apks , but there is also an xml file in the same subdirectory , of the same name , which is considerably larger : packages . xml , and where it seems even uninstalled packages tend to remain . i found proof of my former bloatware freezer application in there once , and while it did not do me a world of good , at least i had a resource i could check to see what went disappearing in the night . the question i can not answer is if the market can now wipe that data from packages . xml . but i would point out that the packagemanager documentation has a get_uninstalled_packages constant on that page , so i would guess not .
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
this is not an issue of your email client . this is the way pop3 works . in gingerbread 's email client , you had had set leave copy of email on server . so , your ics email client is downloading all past emails from server . unfortunately , pop3 does not allow selective downloads . your mails are being fully downloaded ( not just header ) with attachments too . that is the reason of high traffic . you should now un-check leave copy on server ( to make sure , it would not download an email repeatedly after its removed from local cache ) . after full download , everything will become normal . if you can , i would recommend to use imap instead of pop3 . imap syncs everything ( e . g . email read status ) with server-client . if you delete an email locally , it would be deleted from server too ( provided its in configuration ) . so , you can keep emails on multiple devices in sync . imap allows you to download email header only , download attachments on demand etc . so , it can save your data .
you might consider adding your pop3 accounts to gmail anyway , but then turning off sync for gmail . that way , i assume , your phone will not automatically check your mail , but you will still be able to retrieve new mail " by hand " .
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
further to my comment , i had a look into the underlying android code . i have a possible answer , but with no less than four major caveats and obstacles : i have not tried it , because i do not have any suitable usb devices to hand . you need a new permission the permission requires that you are a system app the code requires access to something not in the public api forget about this if deploying ordinary after-market apps ! the first prerequisite is that you have the MANAGE_USB permission . that is described here . however in turn the prerequisites for that are that you sign with the system key , and you install your app into /system/app . anyway , if you are ok with that , here 's some code : mDevice is the device from before . uid is your own app 's uid and you can look that up . an example of how to do that is the first answer here . all good ? no . ServiceManager is android.os.ServiceManager and thus is not a public api . that , in this example , is your way to getting your hands on the IUsbManager service ( there may be other routes ) . now , getting around that is beyond the scope of my answer ; in the old days you could use reflection , but i do not know if you still can . after all of those shenanigans , it looks like you do not need to request permission any more , and if you do , it will return immediately with no dialog .
this question and answer is basically a duplicate of stackexchange-url see the above link for an example program and more in depth discussion . as far as i know , there are two ways to get the usb permission box popup : request permission explicitly from your application using usbmanager . requestpermission ( . . . ) register an intent-filter on your accessory and let the system ask for permission when the device is attached in the case of 1 i have found that the checkbox on the popup to remember the permission has no effect . for me , i removed all code related to permissions from my software and simply put the intent-filter in my manifest . when the usb device is plugged in , if it has not already been granted permission then the usb permission box will popup . if the user clicks ok without checking the remember box , then the box will popup again the next time the device is connected . however if the user checks the box and presses ok then the box should never display again ( unless the software is uninstalled and then reinstalled ) . i am not sure if there is a bug somewhere related to your device showing up as /dev/bus/usb/001 and then 002 etc - let me know if you are using the intent-filter , as without that the remember checkbox will do nothing . i do not know of any way that you can avoid the permission popup altogether . i suspect there is no way to do it without digging into the android code like you said .
check your internal memory . it will not be increased but the apps will take less load on internal memory . and there will be better stability .
ddlj1 and builds starting from dd are the roms basically made for indian based samsung models . these are official update pushed by samsung called ota updates . for more info on samsung 's builds you ca refer http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/1/
even if you do have gps enabled it is only used when you are using an application that is actually requiring gps location services . so the best way to get your apps to use gps location is turning on gps by default .
if you do not want to pay for tasker or locale , you can use automateit , which is free and has the same idea , though it offers much fewer triggers and actions , it does allow you to enable or disable the gps when you start or end an app .
take a look at tasker . it pretty much allows you to automate and set rules for everything on your phone based on times of the day , what apps you are using , your location . . . you can set a profile to automatically turn your gps on or off based on almost any condition you can imagine .
i published a github entry for the gpstoggler quite some time ago . to enable/disable gps you need root . period . http://github.com/sms2000/gpstoggler some antivirus and automatic system backup applications conflict with the gpstoggler . i am investigating this problem .
you can use the " auto-enable gps for maps " application , which switches both wifi and gps on when you launch maps , navigation , local or latitude , and restores them to their old state ( e . g . switched off ) when you quit these apps .
find any other app you can and install it . once installed exit the marketplace . then go back and try installing the angry birds app again . this usually fixes most marketplace issues . if it still does not work go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> find the marketplace app and click on it . then click clear data . make sure it cleared cache too , if not clear cache . then reboot . then run the marketplace and try again . these tips should help .
probably the most detailed error message you had be able to get would be the logcat logs . you can use a terminal emulator on the phone and just type in ' logcat ' shortly after the installation , you can use a market app called alogcat , or you can use the android sdk from the computer , open a command prompt and navigate to the tools directory of the sdk and run : adb shell  and then logcat  another thing you can check would be to ensure you do not have another version installed . sometimes if you download an . apk file and install it using a file manager , then try to download a different version ( or even the same version ) of the app via the market , it will fail with that error as well .
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
there is a bug with encryption on the xoom . i have been working with a google engineer to identify the problem . basically some of the low level kernel worker processes are not sleeping properly . if you use the full version of systempanel you can see which processes are prevengint your xoom from going to sleep . hopefully there will be a fix baked into ics . according to motorola it should be released in early december .
encryption is a fairly cpu intensive process , so using more battery is not unexpected . though it depends a lot upon the apps you use and how much they read/write to the storage . i would expect that an ' idle ' xoom with encryption would last just as long as one without , but if you use an app that does lots of little writes to disk , it will end up using more cpu . the encryption happens at the block layer . this means that small writes to the disk require a read , a decrypt , an update , and then writing the block back . i do not see any useful stats about the actual cpu overhead . ( android is using the ' dm-crypt ' module of the linux kernel to do the disk encryption . )
i do not think there is an easy way to know which email address you used , afaik . but if you have an idea on which email address it could be . you could try to retrieve your password using the options below . once you have the right password , you can try this to unlock your phone . you can open google on your pc and try to log in there . try the password recovery options on the site . passwords are made to be secure , so trying to recover them is something that was made hard on purpose . you do not want other people to be able to recover your password . if you have set a main recovery email address on google . you can use this option to recover your password . but this will probably be clear if you push the " can not access your account ? " link on the site . also a tip for the future : try not to make too many new email addresses , try to reuse the old ones . and if you do have to make new email addresses , try to have a system in the passwords : eg . ' password ' + ' key ' + ' password ' , where the key is something unique for the email address like the last 2 letters or something . there are an infinite amount of other possible systems like this one and if you make one up yourself ( that you can remember ) it is even more secure . or just use a password manager like lastpass . and besides that , it is always best to have 1 main email address , so you can use my second recovery option . i hope this is the answer to your question and helps you .
yes , i had the same issue , it never worked for any pc usb keyboards , except the one which we bought from domo , that ncase k6 . that k6 worked perfectly ( even to my pc ) . but a pc usb mouse worked on my domo slate x3g . buy a ncase k6 or , preferably you could install usb host controller from play store , as said by the first answer . . that should fix your issues .
install usb host controller from google play , and run it .
time for the " standard-reply": tasker . i will not go so far as to give you a complete " profile " ( as i do not use that exact combination ) , but at least a raw idea ( as for general info on what tasker is , please see its tag-wiki ) . tasker understands the required triggers , so you can use a combination of e.g. power connected proximity sensor bluetooth connected voice-control call state ( e . g . " incoming call " or even sms ) tasker can deal with the necessary actions , and for many more things there are additional plug-ins available . it supports e.g. ( without plugins ) call divert ( even restricted to certain numbers ) enable car mode load or kill an app volume control popup task ( e . g . with 3 buttons : accept , reject , message ) send sms much more is possible . so you could setup your very special and personalized solution – not only for car-mode , but for many other situations . and while root would give you additional possibilities , it is not required for the described purpose ( as far as i can tell ) .
try to scroll down the list to find the inbox . i think it is listed below , but it seems missing at first . i could not see it at first . but after several tries , i got the list to scroll down to find the inbox .
i was just suffering from the same issue with an exchange 2010 server . the problem was server-side not client-side . upon investigating the event log for the exchange role , i noticed the following error entry : exchange activesync verfügt nicht über ausreichende berechtigungen zum erstellen des containers " cn=oliver salzburg , ou= . . . " unter dem active directory-benutzer " active directory operation failed on server . something . de . this error is not retriable . additional information : zugriff verweigert . active directory response : 00000005: secerr : dsid-031521d0 , problem 4003 ( insuff_access_rights ) , data 0 " . stellen sie sicher , dass der benutzer über geerbte berechtigungen verfügt , die ' domain\exchange servers ' erteilt wurden , um für objekte vom typ " msexchangeactivesyncdevices " die befehle ' inhalte auflisten ' , ' untergeordnetes objekt erstellen ' und ' untergeordnetes objekt löschen ' auszuführen , und dass der benutzer über keine verweigerten berechtigungen verfügt , die diese vorgänge blockieren . details:%3 english version exchange activesync does not have sufficient permissions to create the " cn= , ou= , dc=thenet , dc=gen , dc=nz " container under active directory user " active directory operation failed on . thenet . gen . nz . this error is not retriable . additional information : access is denied . active directory response : 00000005: secerr : dsid-031521d0 , problem 4003 ( insuff_access_rights ) , data 0 " . make sure the user has inherited permission granted to domain\exchange servers to allow list , create child , delete child of object type " msexchangeactivesyncdevices " and does not have any deny permissions that block such operations . it boils down to a permissions issue for the exchange server . it is not allowed to change the activesync settings in the active directory . to resolve this , follow these steps : open active directory users and computers . click view and then check advanced features . navigate to the user that is causing the issue ( the location is noted in the event log entry ) and open the properties for the user . go to the security tab and click advanced . check the checkbox include inheritable permissions and click ok .
root the phone and download root uninstaller , once you grant root access to the app you will be able to remove all the bloatware .
installing a different rom simply did the job . right now i am using 2.3.5 unfortunately i just have guides in italian and french but a little google translator did the job : ) french : http://www.acer-club.fr/viewtopic.php?f=98t=3336sid=64e715b102a9932965fa871175c01da9 italian : http://www.androidiani.com/forum/modding-acer-liquid-mini/80562-guida-installare-android-2-3-5-su-acer-liquid-mini-custom-rom.html
have you tried the systemapp remover ? it can be used to remove bloatware in my lg android ( ie . facebook for lg and twitter for lg )
well , in my opinion , you can use cyanogenmod 7 rom . i have cyanogenmod 7.0.3 and i can wake my phone using the home button . you can use the rom manager to install clockworkmod and download cyanogenmod 7 specific to your phone : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.koushikdutta.rommanagerhl=en refer to the following guide for installing cyanogenmod 7: http://www.redmondpie.com/install-cm7-on-galaxy-s2-using-rom-manager-how-to-tutorial/ the guide is for samsung galaxy s2 but its almost similar for all . best of luck !
start the settings app . choose security from the personal section . the option you want is called make passwords visible .
here is a last ditch solution if you get nothing better : if you know how to use john the ripper then all you have to do is pull all of the files off of your hard drive , and use jtr to crack the password ( depending on the length of the key , this could take days or even weeks ) . then you can make an image file of your hard drive and flash your device using a flashing tool . besides that , i am sure there is no way to disable the encryption without the key . really your only option at that point is to get any files off of it that it will allow you to , and then do a factory reset .
it is possible to decrypt an android . i am doing it right now . i had to turn off the maas360 device admin using the app itself : you can not do it from the device admin screen . once i did that , i had the decrypt option . the decrypt worked fine for the phone , and i am doing the sd card now . i still only have the password option for the lock screen , but hoping this sd card decrypt gives opens the other options . i have a verizon g s4 running 4.4.1 .
as far as i know , reverting the android encryption is impossible , you will have to backup your information and perform a factory reset .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
yes , it is possible with the current beta build of chrome . it works exactly the same way it does on the desktop .
try the following solution from another website : method 1: if your device is on stock firmware , that also means it does not have a custom recovery like cwm or twrp not installed on it , do the following steps : pull out the the battery of your phone , wait for about 30 seconds and reinsert it to its place . boot your device into asr ( android system recovery ) mode . the method involves a hardware key combination and varies from one phone to another . for samsung phones , for example , the key combination is volume up+ home + power keys . the tablets which generally have no home button , you can enter the recovery mode by pressing and holding the volume up + power keys simultaneously . in the android system recovery , scroll down to “wipe data/factory reset” option using the volume rockers and select it using the power key . in case , wiping the data factory does not help you , you should also try “wipe cache partition” . when you have wiped the data/factory , go back to the main menu and reboot the device by “reboot system now” option . the bootloop problem should be fixed now . method 2: if you have a rooted device with cwm recovery installed and your phone is caught into a bootloop after flashing a custom rom or mod , do as follows : pull out the battery , reinsert it after 30 seconds and boot the device into cwm recovery : volume up+ home + power keys simultaneously . go to “advanced” choose “wipe dalvik-cache” now go to “mounts and storage” choose “wipe /cache” reboot your phone the bootloop should be gone now . if it still persists , do this . boot the phone again into cwm recovery now go to “mounts and storage” choose “wipe /data” choose “wipe /cache” then reboot your phone . now the phone should reboot normally . next time when you install a rom , follow the instructions prescribed by the developer . be more attentive to the warnings before experimenting with any third party rom or mod . always ensure what you are about to install is meant for your device . if the above methods do not work ! in case you are not able to get your device come out of bootloop , your final option should be to install or restore a previously backed up rom by putting the device in recovery mode , or to install the official firmware/factory image to your phone your tablet .
i have a htc sensation running ics . i had been looking to do this , read around a little then in playing with my phone , seem to have done it with a selection in the menu in ' people ' . for me there was simply a ' move contacts ' in the main menu in ' people ' . a box pops up , " move contacts from " with choice of ' google ( qty of contacts ) ' , and ' phone ( ### ) ' . i touched ' phone . . . ' , it presents a box , " move contacts to " with one choice ' google ( ### ) ' . . . touch ' google ' , and it asks , ' confirm moving ' " are you sure . . . ? " - cancel-ok . process begins , and is not particularly fast - visibly one at a time . . . interestingly however , it did not ' move ' my contacts but rather ' copied ' them - they are all still in the phone , but now all in google as well . not too bad as i can now either filter the list to not display the phone ones , or delete them all off the phone as they are now all in google . . . . now just a matter of going through and de-duplicating .
another approach summarized from macias ' experiments plus all the comments accumulated so far , is to follow these steps : be aware that this has yet to be approved of , as it was not tested ! i still chose to already add this here , as otherwise it would be hard to follow through all the comments to figure this out . compared with what macias already did , steps 7-9 have been added/inserted to ( hopefully ) prevent the mess it caused for him . change the mode of sending vcard to single file share contacts select all type : gmail recipient -- yourself send open the gmail web site with your account optional : export/backup all contacts again from here ( unless you use a new/empty separate gmail account , as the following was not yet tested ) purge all contact data from the webapp and your devices ok , switch to gmail app open the attachment with contacts choose target as google account all contacts will be added , but now as google ones compare with the steps described in the question 's update to see the difference and what has gone wrong there . it should work this way , but that yet has to be approved of . if somebody can verify this , please say so in a comment -- and i will update this accordingly .
if you want to " sync on demand only": just enable sync at the time of demand for , say , 10 minutes while connected to your local wifi -- and then disable it again . enough time for the service to get its job done . you can do so in " accounts and sync " 1 , after chosing your google account : if next to " sync contacts " you see the same circular symbol as the screenshot 2 shows next to sync google reader , you probably do not even need to activate the permanent sync , but simply hit it for a one-time " sync on demand " .
you can try redirect file organiser . the usage by dev is explained at /r/android over here . hope this is what you are looking for .
the motorola usb drivers can be found at http://developer.motorola.com/tools/resources/ on motorola devices , it enumerates as " mot single adb interface "
if you use odin then i am asuming you have a samsung device . depending on what stock rom you use , i mean if you will flash using 1 file or 3 file rom , if you have a 3 file rom then you have to put in the pit file to , and then you can enable the re-partition . if you use 1 file rom in odin , i think it will re-partition by default so you do not have to check the repartition check box in odin .
no , but this can easily be done using gestures in dolphin browser hd .
install rescan media , and see if that helps . rescan media is a simple app will rescan your mobile phone for new files that usually happens on a system re-boot . it only calls the android media scanner .
what protocol does the connection to your car radio use ? i can not exactly speak for the gs3 but this is for stock android so it may be similar . go into storage under settings and hit the menu button ( or the menu overflow ) then select usb connection ( or similar ) , make sure mtp ( you probably need this one ) and any other protocols you need are checked . there may also be a mount usb option present if that the former does not work .
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
in all of my htc phones , press and hold in the input area ( text area ) will show a " input method " prompt for switching ime .
i do not own a galaxy sii . however according to this thread it seems the problem lies in the usb port as when it is replaced the issue has been resolved .
with mine , clearing dust out of the usb port with a pin and then plugging a charger in and out a few times fixed the issue . so it is not necessarily a bug in the software . perhaps android os 4.0 . x has a new feature to detect and report voltage problems when charging , while previous versions did not ( and any software " fix " will just disable this feature ) .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose “wipe cache partition” from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n . º 3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq — update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . it’s not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your device’s model number in settings » about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it won’t receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
i went to sprint yesterday because all of a sudden i am having this frustrating problem . i was told that it is a software issue and nothing more . an email from the higher-ups directed techs not to switch out phones because the problem is going to persist ( until samsung fixes the software ) .
this is a feature of gingerbread , if you are using the built in sip client . in settings -> call settings there is a setting called " use internet calling " which you can set to " only for internet calls " . then if the contact has a sip number , it will call that directly sip-> sip instead of going out over the phone connection .
try bearcontact on google play . it can keep unlimited call logs .
there is a small chance that this will help you in some way , when you have this all time vibrating issue : in my case , i left a screw inside the phones case after i opened it to change the glass . the screw somehow managed to get stuck between one contact of the vibrating motor , and the metal plate of the first case cover to remove . after reopening the phone and removing the screw the constant vibrating stopped . phone was a htc wildfire and seems to work perfectly now .
nobody posted it as an answer , so i am going to : it is definitely a hardware issue . there is no way that both the simple firmware for battery charging while the phone is off has the exact same bug as the software running when the phone is on . mark wain 's ( deleted ) answer indicates that he had a similar issue that , again , is best explained by bad hardware .
i had the same same problem and tried to take out the battery several times and when i turned the phone on again with the battery in , and is 's vibrating all the time as soon as you turn on the phone . the phone will not not event get to the starting htc screen . it vibrates all the time until you remove the battery again . i found that when the phone is turned off set the phone in the external htc usb charger it started with the standard start htc screeen and every thing seems to be good now . i left it in the charger for some time now i hope this post can help any one /pelle
strange that clearing the data did not fix it . however , you should be able to click on each of the apps that are pretend-downloading and hit cancel .
in ankidroid preferences , there is a " reset languages " item : reset language assignments ( for text to speech and dictionaries ) for all decks . reset specific deck assignments on deck picker
if you want to unlock the bootloader , root and add a custom/stock rom , then you want to use wugs toolkit for nexus . ( try to borrow or use a windows pc or laptop , its not for os x ) here is xda forum link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1766475 here is the download link ( this is for windows , not os x ) http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/ its pretty self explanatory , but try to read it all anyway . as far as i know there is not a version for os x i have used this method on my 2 nexus 7s and my friends nexus 4 and 5 ! ! ! happy rooting everyone ! ! ! !
try to install framaroot , it is support many devices : ) : ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2130276
if you are rooted , you can try one of the following 1 . NoSafeVolumeWarning in xposed framework 2 . Media Tweak Settings in gravity box
once you are rooted , goto settings/sounds/volumes . unchecked the safe headphone volume box and agree to warning about potential damage to your ears . that is what i did on my nexus 7 w/4.4.4 rom .
if the galaxy s is rooted , you could use titanium backup to back up the app including its data . if the nexus is rooted as well , you could try restoring this backup there directly ; with some luck , the entire app works there as well , and there is nothing else to do . if not ( or the restored app will not work on the nexus ) , you could extract the app 's database file from the backup , and export your memos to e.g. .csv . with some luck , some other memo app will be able to import that directly ; otherwise this should at least enable you to copy-paste your memos .
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
voice search is the name of the voice interaction app created by google . it allows you to search your phone and the web using your voice . voice actions is a specific feature of the voice search app that allows you to perform actions on your phone using your voice ( such as calling someone , launching your music player , getting directions , etc ) . voice search supports a variety of locales but the voice actions component is only available for a subset of those ( originally us english only , though i believe it has since expanded ) . if you have a separate app named " voice commands " then it is most likely developed by a third-party . i know some verizon phones , for instance , ship with an app named " voice commands " and bottom of the app displays Nuance Communications copyright 2003-2011 .
try starting it in safe mode if you have a home button - try keeping it depressed as you power up the device .
according to the instructions in the device 's manual there should be a " reset " button on the back . the manual does't have any information on how to use it , but i would try pushing the button while the device is on , or turning it on while having this button pressed .
you have to go to lock screen settings and uncheck " hidden pattern-show pattern dots when tapping on the screen " . this will bring back the largee dots . this is different from " make pattern visible " which is at tthe bottom of the lock screen options page .
yes , according to this blog post . it involves android programming , something i am not very familiar with .
there are reports that what you want to do is achievable . ( src ) i think you alteady know that peripheral devices can also be hosted on your usb port . ( more info ) there are several apps specifically made for your arduino in the play market
one of my pcs was having this same problem while my other laptop was without any problem , i have notice that the problem would disappear after i re-install the samsung mobile driver back . i am not sure why this was a problem . i think that the problem is with windows , since another pc could detect it without any issues .
it seems that all that i needed to do was reboot my pc . once i rebooted my pc had no problems installing the mtp driver for the device .
a solution is to use number saver which automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it .
sure can . assuming you have already copied the phone number you are looking to dial , just long press on the area of the dialer where the number appears and choose " paste " . ( tested on a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 )
my solution to your other question at save a number during a phone call could also be a shortcut to this problem : paste the number in a note application that supports phone hyperlinks and click on it .
we can use the standard copy paste mechanism . type any digit , say 0 . long tap on it to select . now the copy paste options should appear . on my samsung s duos 2 , just long tap too works , but i have to choose the exact area where the numbers appear .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
from what it sounds like , you not only want it to show a higher percentage but also ' use ' this last little bit of juice in the battery . technically you could just modify the icon to show full all the time or be slightly above the real level , but that is just the icon 's look . i think to accomplish what you are trying to do you will have to modify the rom yourself . if your savvy in this field , you can look for some open source roms , modify it , and see if it works .
i have a rooted gs2 and i installed " xposer installer " and within that program i installed the " xposed framework " that lets you download " tweaks " for android . http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer i did not try it , but among the available tweaks there is one named " disablecriticalbatteryshutdown " . the description says : disablecriticalbatteryshutdown ( for xposed framework ) what ? disables the auto-shutdown when android detects a critical battery level why ? this is to prevent the auto-shutdown when you have 1% left of battery . it is useful for calibrating your battery by draining it completely , using chinese branded batteries with terrible battery percentage detection or even lengthen the life of a phone with non-removable battery with terrible calibration . compatiblility : not working on 4.3+ tested only on aosp 2.3 , 4.0 , 4.1 this project is abandoned , i will not add support for any other roms . as i already said , i have not tested it , but theres a chance that it does what it says . if you have 4.1 or older this might do what you need .
you can now download the latest version of google keyboard ( with sliding support ) from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
you have mistakenly activated " talkback " , a google service for blind/visually impaired users . to deactivate : open " settings " -> under " system " open " accessibility " -> open " talkback " -> slide the slider in the upper right corner to " off "
android 4.4 ( kitkat ) has a built-in printing system . it uses " cloud print " , which can print to a " cloud print ready " printer , or to a normal printer accessible from an internet-connected pc running google chrome . in either case , the target printer does not even have to be on the same network , if both the printer and your tablet are connected to internet . you can also use this system to generate a pdf from the content you are trying to print . i have not tried using chrome to print a web page with css rules as you describe , so i can not say for sure that you will get exactly the results you had get on desktop , but i would expect it to work the same way .
google tasks allows for nested tasks , and there are multiple clients that support it .
you could check out astrid task or checkmark they supports nested todo lists .
i had this while using " go launcher ex notifications " seems it was running two notifications at the same time , made a conflict , so i uninstalled and it seems fine . htc desire .
i do not have a legend , nor htc , but some googling turned these out : http://androidforums.com/htc-droid-eris/59163-process-com-htc-bg-has-stopped-unexpectedly-please-try-again-wtf.html http://www.incredibleforum.com/forum/htc-incredible-help/224-error-message-com-htc-bg.html apparently it is related to facebook sync .
i have also experienced this problem with an exchange account . my solution was to remove the account completely and re-add it .
there is an opensource application sipdroid , which theoretically could be modified to do proxying . but , judging from the poor general android sip experience , i would think it would be very unreliable solution . easier way to workaround greedy cell providers seems to set up an ip pbx on the home computer , or get a free account at freepbxes . org and get a cheap sip-connected phone number to eventually route your calls thru while using your " travel " device 's sip connection to terminate calls .
install widgetlocker lockscreen . it allows to add homescreen widgets on lockscreen . update : htc widgets can not be added to widgetlocker , but third-party general widgets can be . so , install beautiful widgets app , first . it has exact htc flip-clock alternative .
the main difference between a " user profile " and a " restricted profile " is that a restricted profile does not have its own google account , which is needed for gmail and google+ hangouts . a restricted profile with a google account in it is just a normal user account . if you want to restrict access to features in a normal user profile , you need to use device-administrator software to impose a security policy . this will also allow you to remotely/centrally manage each device .
off in the world of real computers , with very fast memory and orders of magnitude slower storage--hard disks--there is the concept of virtual memory . basically , each application gets what seems like a very large amount of memory , an address space . behind the scenes , this address space is broken up into pages that are transfered between real , fast , memory and a part of the hard disk called swap space ( i.e. . slow memory ) by the operating system and as needed . in linux , this swap space can be one or more specially formatted partitions and/or one or more files , or swap files . the operating system is smart enough to keep track of where it is storing what . it also ensures that before a program tries to read/write from a place in memory , that the page being accessed is first moved to real memory . for example , if you are using your word processor and open 10,000 documents , exhausting main memory , some of the less recently accessed documents may be transfered the swap space to give way for the ones you just opened . if you switch over to your browser , perhaps all of the memory used by the word processor will be shunted to the swap , replaced by the working-state of the browser . again , this is done automatically by the operating system , with no real involvement from programs . according to your programs , they are running on a machine with a very large amount of memory . according to the user , when this swapping occurs , there will be brief delays as the operating system moves data between the two types of memory . back in the windows 95 days , it was pretty clear when the swapping was occurring as the hard disk light would be pretty much solid for a few seconds . so , fast forward to phones . on a phone running android , there is usually no hard disk . instead , you have main memory--ram , or that fast memory mentioned above--and some form of non-volatile storage . it turns out that type of memory is slower than ram , but not nearly as slow as a hard disk . although it would be tempting to use some or all of this non-volatile storage as swap space , i suspect manufacturers and google , observed that one property of this non-volatile storage is that it degrades with repeated writes , and so opted not to use it . this means that instead of having seemingly limitless memory , activities on android only have access to ram . when the android framework tries to start an activity and the operating system says sorry , out of memory , android responds by killing activities until it has reclaimed enough memory . this is why you notice dolphin browser actually reloading pages when you switch from and then back to it : whatever you switched to tried to use so much memory that android had to start killing activities . so , swapper . what swapper does is dig into the operating system and re-enable virtual memory by creating a swap file on your sd card and telling the os about it . the os then makes all programs ( including the android framework ) feel that they each have a lot of memory , and handles moving data between real memory and the swap file . this is why dolphin does not get killed as frequently with swapper enabled . as the swapper page on google play explains , this could have a detrimental effect on whatever non-volatile memory the swap file is placed on . if you are using an sd card , when you start getting write/read errors , you can just swap it out . if you are using a phone with built-in non-volatile memory , it is a different story . i am not 100% sure what sort of impact repeated writes has to this sort of memory , but it is a risk you should be aware of .
most rooting techniques require you to connect the phone to a pc via usb in order to unlock the bootloader , so you will not be able to root the phone this way without a working usb port . some phones have security vulnerabilities which allow you to root the phone from an app ( such as framaroot ) , but this only applies to specific phones and specific firmware versions which have such a bug . it is certainly possible for a port to only charge and not transfer data . in a usb port , there are two data pins , a +5v power pin , and ground . if either of the two data pins are broken or not connected properly , you can still transfer power over the power connection , but no data can be transferred . most likely these pins were not soldered correctly when your new usb port was added .
usb host mode requires android 3.1 or above . so long as your device is running the correct os you should have the required drivers to run usb host mode . however not all roms are equal . you can find usb host mode driver apps in the play store for some models that do not have the drivers built in . htc incredible http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=751535 nexus one http://sven.killig.de/android/n1/2.2/usb_host/ installing and using the usb host diagnostics app from the play store will allow you to run diagnostics showing if the os currently supports usb host mode and if your device has been detected . loading the usb host mode drivers allows your device to connect to a usb device in host , however you still need the drivers for that device to be present . many devices will function under generic drivers included in the os , but not every device is compatible with generic drivers , nor has their specific drivers included as well . i would proceed by installing the correct driver for your dongle before proceeding . however , if you want to bridge these connections , this is not a function supported out of the box by android . a good router would be a better choice . to enable bridging on android you will need to be sure that your wifi module is linux supported , a working wpa_supplicant module from linux for that dongle , recompile drivers for the dongle , recompile a bridge utility from linux , and time . would be easier to use two andoid devices , each on a different wifi network , connect them with bluetooth , and in android 3.0+ you can bridge the two wifi networks this way .
it is entirely up to the drive and enclosure . the usb mass storage protocol does not have disk-specific instructions , e.g. for spinning up and down drives . the only thing you can do from the android side is make sure the files are not in use : e.g. by adding a .nomedia file as you already found .
i think this is really an issue with some driver/software or less expectingly hardware . both me and my wife have the sony tipo and at her phone ( blue edition ) is reporting a wrong amount of free space ( 177mb free , 1,2 gb used ) were my phone ( white edition ) is reporting a more accurate amount of free space ( 1,1 gb free , 0,9 used ) . beside the color of both phones is different there is no difference in sw versions . the only difference in usage i can imagine is that she is rebooting her phone quite often ( daily ) and i am only chaging phone volume in the night . maybe there is a problem with bad memory blocks on the sdcard , although i do not want to root her phone and do not know whether it is possible to see it another way .
the internal storage is also used to store system apps , and the data from system apps . it is possible that most of the space is going to system apps , and sony is quite bad for including loads of bloatware .
not a solution , but look at the difference between an apps memory usage when its on the internal memory , then on the phone memory . i have an app taking up 1.39 mb on the internal , move it to phone and suddenly it is 33 mb . why it hides all this memory i do not know .
devices with internal sd cards / memory ( for instance , my galaxy s3 has 16gb ) , are split into many partitions . 4gb goes for os/bootloader/recovery/system/etc 12gb is partitioned into /dev/mmcblk0p15 and mounted on /data /data contains 4 main folders : /data/app /data/data /data/dalvik-cache /data/media /sdcard ( aka your user-available storage ) is not a real partition , its actually a ' symlink ' of sorts to /data/media so the settings-> storage ( and a lot of apps , eg ; es file manager ) , will report 12gb as your " total " partition size for /sdcard , even though your " sdcard " actually has 12gb - app - data - cache = 10.5gb ( in my case ) space available to it . you need to be rooted , and use an app called " diskusage " from google play . . it will show you where your used space is going . hope that helps !
try this . . . hook your android device on any pc . . . plug it in and turn on usb storage . . . and then right click on the device and then choose properties and then choose tools tab . . . run error checking and then let check both automatically fix system errors and scan and attempt to recover bad sectors . . . after this go to the root of your memory there would be a hidden folder named found . 000 . . . delete that and youll be problem free . . .
your phone keeps the thumbnails of all the photos that go through your phone . connect it to your computer and delete all the contents of the folder called " . thumbnail " in the internal storage . you should find that folder inside the dcim folder .
same here , i had the update downloaded for 10 days but the yesterday it stopped showing in the notification bar . maybe google has taken the update off for now , so it is not checking for it ? i have also tried all the force update methods as well .
you can try clearing the google services framework data . disconnect from wifi and mobile data , go to Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Apps -&gt; Google Services Framework and tap Clear data . after this , restore data connections and go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; Software Updates and tap Check for updates , and the update should appear . if not , the update is still in rollout for your region .
you can force an actual update check ( the " check for update " thing does not necessarily do a real check for updates ) on some phones by dialing the mmi code # #2432546# # ( the numbers spell " checkin" ) . do not push the call button after entering the code , just wait a few seconds . a notification saying " checkin succeeded " should appear .
no . however , two methods to alleviate the problem come to mind but both of them can only be implemented by the developer : the first one is to display a notification , android will give apps that do this a higher priority than others . the second one is to save the start time so when the timer gets eventually restarted , it will not be reset .
there is sometimes an option to lock the app . this prevents killing or stopping of that application in the phone . lock option is not available in the os itself , using some 3rd party apps like go task manager , etc , can help .
simple answer : no . android always uses oom ( out-of-memory ) prioritizing to free unused memory . you can change the priorities of apps ( at least until reboot ) with some task managers but even then if the memory runs low , apps in the background start getting killed . think about this scenario : you have downloaded a badly coded app which runs on boot , causes a buffer overflow and hogs all your memory . normally , this app is killed , but if it is set to stay open it effectively bricks your phone until reboot , and after that starts again , and again , etc . some timers use services with high priorities to avoid this problem , but if you launch enough high-performance , resource-hogging apps while the timer is in the background , it will eventually get killed .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
i think the " task manager " app was available from the samsung apps store in android 2.1 , i seem to remember downloading it from there at some point along with the " my files " app . you can try going into applications list on your phone , finding the " samsung apps " icon and looking through the list in there . if your phone is running android 2.2 then the task manager is " built-in " and is not easy to delete . you can see if it is still there by holding down your home button for a few seconds until the recent apps list comes up , and you should have a taskmanager button at the bottom .
personally , i use doggcatcher and have had no problems with it . it will always remember where you last were in the podcast , even if you went and played a different podcast instead and came back to that one . it'll auto-delete based on how you set it up . for me , it auto deletes after i have listened to it . it usually happens pretty quickly too ( 15 min or so ) . you can also tell it when to update and how many episodes of a podcast to download that you have not listened to yet .
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
if you are asking if you can do remote desktop on a phone and also have the phone output to a tv , the answer 's yes . i use remote desktop enterprise on my device ( samsung galaxy s vibrant ) , and my device supports some sort of output from the usb port to hdmi as well as wireless dlna .
you need to run an ssh server on your phone , such as sshdroid . you can launch adb shell from sshdroid , and then run am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; . for example , &lt;qualified-app-name&gt; is something like com.android.settings/.Settings .
in colleges they usually use proxy server to connect to internet . ask them and set the proxy in wirless settings in your phone .
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
check this xda post . it has an apk for a 4.2 aosp browser . note : install at your own risk .
you can exec this command from the pc $ adb shell screenrecord /sdcard/video.mp4  need android 4.4 ( which you should have ) . devbytes : android 4.4 - recording app videos : http://youtu.be/etzrxxok_bs
check your cpu model . if you are running windows xp , it is likely that you have an older cpu that does not support some hardware virtualization features . for example , intel 's extended page tables ( ept ) are a feature that could account for the performance difference . anandtech has an excellent , techincal intro to the topic . basically , pre-ept page table lookups require a flush of the tlb , which is incredibly costly . later hardware accelerates this process .
first step : i would update the google sdk . the latest sdk introduced snapshots . this means you do not have to wait on the emulator to boot the next time you cold start it . instead it'll load right where you left it when you last closed the emulator . i am not sure why your home computer is performing less than your work computer if it has better hardware . my ( new ) desktop is running the newest i7 processor ( 8 cpus , however : the emulator only runs on one cpu . so your clockspeed is what matters here , not how many cores you have . does your home pc have a slower clockspeed than your work ? ) , 8 gb ram , and a ssd and the emulator runs much faster than my laptop ( last gen i7 with 4 cpus , 4gb ram , no ssd . but my desktop has nearly twice the clockspeed as my laptop ) . my guess would be the clockspeed .
yes , the tech specs on htc 's site states that its platform is android 2.2 ( froyo ) .
they are cache directories that hold ads for games . i have read angry birds is one such game that uses those directories . yes , you could delete them , but they will keep coming back everytime a game reloads their ads .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
from my own experience i also noticed that , even without rebooting , the disk space would have been freed after waiting a little while . so my theory is that the android os distributes write operations to the internal memory in time to improve responsiveness of the device . but the thing i am still not sure is if the memory was needed right now to install a new application , would it be freed for that purpose or the " low memory " message would reappear until the deleted app gets its memory freed .
you can use google voice with a non-smart phone , but it will be somewhat limited . if the only device you carry is the dumb phone , you will not be able to do any calling over wifi ( obviously ) . however , if you carry a wifi android device with you , you can set up google voice over wifi using a few methods , such as grooveip , or sip droid with these setup instructions . to only show your google voice number to callees when using your non-smart prepaid , follow option 1 in this answer . note that it will cost you 10-15 seconds each time you call someone , as the phone will manually dial the number after calling your own google voice number . receiving calls will not take up any extra time . if you do not care about your friends and families having 2 numbers for you , you do not need to do anything different for your prepaid . just know that if they call you on your non-gv number , you will not be able to accept it on your wifi android device ( it will not ring ) . you would need to explain that they should only ever call you on your gv number .
make sure you have a proper recovery like cwm or twrp download the rom file off xda , make sure you download a file made for only your system . wipe date and do a factory reset ( optional : make a backup of your stock rom ) flash your rom wipe date and factory reset , reboot and $$profit$$
installing a custom rom implies a number of steps : root your phone . flash a custom recovery ( 4ext or cwm ) . store on you sd card a downloaded custom rom . reboot your phone into recovery , select the desired rom and flash it . reboot and have fun . note : please backup your data before doing anything ! better safe than sorry . this article explains in detail each step . you can also find a lot of info about flashing , custom roms and all sort of things on xda developers forums .
there is no particular phone that is ideal , given the app devs can choose to support whatever subset of devices they wish . the nexus devices are probably the most likely to be broadly compatible though . you can not brick with build . prop as far as i know , though you can certainly prevent your phone from booting if you change the wrong setting . make a backup of the file and do not edit anything under this line : # end build properties  just edit anything that has the device name , e.g. ' ro . product . device ' or similar . replace it with the corresponding entry from the build . prop for the device you are emulating ( extract it from the rom or see if it is been posted somewhere ) . updating any other text to be accurate ( like manufacturer ) is best too . note that changing the version of android in this file will not help , since it looks like the market polls the system directly . nothing you can do about that unfortunately . after editing , make sure /system is mounted read-only . then reboot and clear the data for the market . below is the relevant portion of my vibrant 's build . prop , with which i just got minecraft for 10 cents : ) # begin build properties # autogenerated by buildinfo . sh ro . build . id=froyo ro . build . display . id=bionix nextgen 1 by teamwhiskey ro . build . version . incremental=uvka6 ro . build . version . sdk=8 ro . build . version . codename=rel ro . build . version . release=2.2 ro . build . date=2011 . 01 . 18 . ( 화 ) 21:53:23 kst ro . build . date . utc=1295355203 ro . build . type=user ro . build . user=jaeyoon . yoon ro . build . host=sep-05 ro . build . tags=release-keys ro . product . model=sgh-t959 ro . product . brand=samsung ro . product . name=sgh-t959 ro . product . device=sgh-t959 ro . product . board=sgh-t959 ro . product . cpu . abi=armeabi-v7a ro . product . cpu . abi2=armeabi ro . product . manufacturer=samsung ro . product . locale . language=en ro . product . locale . region=us ro . wifi . channels= ro . board . platform=s5pc110 # ro . build . product is obsolete ; use ro . product . device ro . build . product=sgh-t959 # do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=sgh-t959-user 2.2 froyo uvka6 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=samsung/sgh-t959/sgh-t959/sgh-t959:2.2/froyo/uvka6:user/release-keys # samsung specific properties ro . build . pda=t959uvka6 ro . build . hidden_ver=t959uvka6 ro . build . changelist=860813 ro . tether . denied=false # end build properties
i am having the same problem and i think i have got the solution . i am thinking of 2 ways : buy an hdmi to component or hdpvr converter and buy a capture card ( cheapest ) buy an hdmi capture cart ( very expensive ) . you have to make sure the hdmi capture card will be hdcp compatible because otherwise it will refuse to receive the encrypted video . of course , that is the same for the converter but that costs about 40 euro .
you will need to root first . without rooting your device , you will not have access to certain parts of the system , and flashing a rom might crash the device ( most roms need root ) . you can root without erasing or resetting anything , so you can continue with #2 and back stuff up before you flash your rom . configuration you will probably lose , but apps and app data can be backed up through titanium backup . the sd card will not be affected by rooting , resetting , or flashing roms . going back to the stock rom is more difficult , unless you are okay with still being rooted . after root , boot into recovery and choose Backup and Restore-&gt;Backup or similar ( different on different recovery versions ) to do a NANDROID backup . this will store an image of your original rom , and is a one step restore to normal . 3a . unrooting is entirely a more complex process and will involve re-installing your stock rom ( if you can find it online ) and deleting everything on your device . note : again , sd card will be okay , and apps can be restored with titanium backup .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
for some reason google have created a whole new app for the new version of the authenticator app : new version old version see also why does the google authentication app have “obsolete” in its title on play store ? and in the news android police : psa : google 's authenticator updated to v2 , except it is a brand new app , and you need to install it to get future updates ( old one is dead ) it is worth noting that as long as you still have the old version installed when you install and first open the new version , it will offer to import your old settings and accounts . if you remove the old version before running the new one you will need to re-add your accounts , which may involve an annoying process of first turning off two step auth , and then re-enabling it on those accounts .
the easiest way to install the missing apps would probably to go to the play store on a pc and queue them up for install on the device . you will still have to look on the device and see which ones you need to reinstall ; there is not a way to simplify that process . looking at them the way you are , for the ones that have the " default icon " and the sd card is probably the easiest way to identify them . the " non-friendly " name that you see can be used to search in the google play store and you will be able to find the app from that . or you can append it to the end of the " details " url like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.biggu.shopsavvy  that will take you directly to the shop savvy app , then you can install it to the device .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
when it goes on to optimizing apps it will optimize all aps that you have on your phone , that includes system apps that you cannot see/remove ( technically you can ) . if you just check the installed apps on your phone it will just show you the apps that you have manually instaled and that is why the number is not the same .
yes , you can check the SHA1 or MD5 checksum . you did not specify which rom you are downloading . let 's have a look at the nexus stock roms : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#mantaray there is a download link and a version number and checksums listed like that : version : 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) link : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz md5: b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040 sha1: d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd to verify a checksum you can do it via command line : $ md5sum mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040  or : $ openssl sha1 mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz SHA1(mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz)= d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd  if it matches with the one stated at the google page , you can assume the file is not corrupted or modified . note : linux , macos , windows the terminal commands only work out of the box in macos or linux . to verify checksums in windows there is a tool by microsoft called checksum integrity verifier .
please take a look at this question and my answer to have basic understanding on how the manufacturers use the terminologies . these differences are hardware based and nothing to do with android . hence , if you had properly chosen your hardware : yes , you can receive incoming calls in both sims without manual switching - even simultaneously ! yes , the other call will be treated as if you are receiving a call when you are on another on a single sim phone . depending on your settings and operator restrictions , you may have enabled call waiting and hence it will be displayed on your mobile screen . you can then hold one and switch to another . this was tried in samsung galaxy y duos phone . i am not sure about your other question about video call . update : in samsung galaxy y duos ( a dual sim phone ) though both sims were active to receive calls and access internet simultaneously , only one of them was allowed to use 3g network . if i opt for 3g network in sim1 and opt for 3g on sim2 , a message says i can not use 3g on both and changes sim1 's network to 2g and retains sim2 's network to 3g as per my input .
install a file explorer , say estrongs file explorer , and you would be able to upload arbitrary file from the browser or attach files to gmail .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
the shell you get from adb shell does not run with special privileges , so you can not read or write files that you would not be able to with a normal app . if you want to access apps ' private data files , you still need to get root permission in the usual way , and use su from the shell . it is not possible to bypass the permissions system . if you want to access inaccessible files , you need to root the device , then use a root app to access them .
i do not have a reference for you , except maybe the wikipedia definition of gross profit , but i assume it means the apps that have brought in the most money . [ price ] x [ number of times downloaded ] - [ returns ] ( not an exact algorithm . )
top grossing : applications and games generating the most revenue , including app purchases and in-app payments from market help page
generally for video out , you can connect them to your tv to get an even larger screen , for example , to watch videos . or you might be able to use it for doing presentations on a projector , instead of using a laptop .
i found my solution . this feature is provided in go locker . it is so great , and works with google music as well ! very customizable and there are zillion of themes out there . and most important , it is free . i am sure you now think i am affiliated with them , the truth is yes , i use their products and i am addicted to them , that is it !
well what i love about android is that you can be assured you kind of get more than what you just got out of the box . you are not limited to only what has been shipped . my suggestion is go download widget locker . it allows you to add widgets on lock screens .
if your built-in music app and lock screen does not do this currently , then you can try using winamp as your player , that was the first music app i saw that added the transport controls to your lock screen . go into winamp 's settings to find this option : then it should look a bit like this when your phone is locked : these days most music apps include this feature ( i believe including google music or amazon mp3 if you are in the us ) , try searching the market for something like lock screen music control to see a selection . this feature either needs to be built into which ever app you are using to play your music ( as above ) or you need to switch to using a different lock screen that supports widgets , such as widgetlocker and then you can choose from available music control add-ons like media buttons or phantom music control .
missed the the same thing when i switched from ios to android . do not know if this solves all of your issues , but supports generic controls ( notification , widgets , etc ) for most media applications . media utilities
try n 7 player , it supports what you desire and a lot more . .
i had the same problem . and then i realized that i would set up tasker to turn the hotspot off if it detected my favorite wifi network nearby . i have since removed that tasker option , and the hotspot has stayed on . i did not simply forget about the tasker setting . rather , even when i was nowhere near my favorite wifi networks , the hotspot would turn off . tasker needs to briefly turn on the phone 's wifi every so often , in order to see if it is near my favorite wifi network , and in so doing , it must also turn off the hotspot ; my guess is that , somehow , it was unable to turn the hotspot back on after it shut wifi down .
just a note for others out there , the setting is not very easy to find ( at least on my samsung galaxy s3 mini android 4.1.1 ) . go to wireless and network -> more settings . . . -> tethering and portable hotspot -> portable wifi hotspot . once there , you will have to press the menu button ( bottom left of your phone ) and up pops timeout settings ! one can only guess why they decided to hide that setting in such a hard-to-find place . . . .
you most likely have a hotspot timeout setting enabled . you can disable it by going to your advanced hotspot settings , and editing the timeout value to never . note that in some versions of android in order to access the advanced hotspot settings you need to first access the wifi hotspot settings and then press the phone 's menu button .
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
i have found the solution right now ! my problem was , that i have a ft3 tablet , which 's wi-fi hates the 6th channel . it works on each other , except the 6th . i have also an alcatel ( telenor ) ot-990 phone , with android 2.2 os , which broadcasts it is network on 6th ch . when i use it as a portable wi-fi hotspot . but , finally i found an aplication called : barnacle wifi tether . if you want to change the channel : download the aplication : play store or here run the application go to : settings and you can change the channel number if you touch the start button , the app asks for root su permissions . if you are not a root su , do not worry , the phone keeps the changed channel number . . .
i am reasonably sure that you cannot change the wifi hotspot channel without firmware modification in standard android gingerbread . i have an nexus one ( android version 2.3.6 ) and i have not found any advanced menu accessible from the menu button and i have tried hitting the menu button to no avail in every wifi tethering page . i have only been able to change ssid , key and security mode .
if you are referring to the one built into froyo ( and i assume gingerbread ) , when you are creating your hostspot hit the menu button and you will see advanced options . in there you can select the channel .
can i increase this capacity to 1500mAh or 2000mAh ? did you mean increasing capacity from 1350mAh to 1500mAh on same battery ? ? it is not possible . if your phone supports a battery with capacity 1500mAh or 2000mAh , you can buy a new battery with these increased capacity . check manufacturer 's website for details of phone and batteries .
when you switch sim cards , the phone does a factory reset . it thinks you sold the phone to someone else , or something . if you did not back up the contacts that were on the phone storage , they are lost .
if like most people you use a google account on your android phone , import your contacts to your google account , then they will be on any future android phone as soon as you sign in .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
you can copy all your sim contacts to htc wildfire s . import them as phone contacts , google contacts , or exchange activesync contacts , if you have set up the relevant accounts . from the home screen , tap > people . on the all tab , press , and then tap import/export > import from sim card . if you have google or exchange activesync accounts set up on htc wildfire s , tap the type for the imported contacts . do one of the following : tap one or more sim contacts you want to import . to import all contacts , press , and then tap select all . tap save .
two questions : are you sure the sim contacts were really imported or only displayed . is the option to show phone contacts checked after you changed the sim . if you go to contacts , press menu -> import/export -> import from sim card . the sim contacts should be imported into the phone and remain there . it is then just a matter of getting phone contacts displayed .
follow these steps : open contacts . you can reach this from the contacts shortcut in your app drawer or home screen , or via the contacts tab in your phone dialer . press the menu button . select import/export . select export from sim . click select all , or manually tick each contact you wish to copy to the phone . you may be asked where to copy the contacts to ; select the appropriate option . it takes no more than a second or two to copy over a few hundred contacts , so you will be done in less than the time it takes to send yourself just one via sms .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
i also had this issue recently . i only had one , vertical band , but it still affected use , mostly typing . i demonstrated the issue ( seen below ) and contacted the [ ebay ] seller . they promptly classified it as defective and sent me a new one . this will most likely be the solution to your problem as well . as i did , i would use a drawing program to verify , and inquire about a replacement screen and digitizer .
apparently not . i checked with some people on xda . i just rooted and upgraded to cm10 .
there is an application called infinite design available in both free and paid versions . it will allow you to export to svg for editing in your favorite graphics editor . it is been tested and works in adobe illustrator and inkscape ( paid version only ) . free version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brakefield.idfree paid version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brakefield.id another application is called simplector , again available in both free and paid ( pro ) versions : free version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=plasma.vector.editor.app pro version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=plasma.vector.editor.app.pro i cannot comment on the functionality and image quality compared to similar ipad applications .
install mapson by coderminus . go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Preferences &gt; Configure Maps and set /sdcard/maverick/tiles/Google/ or /storage/sdcard0/maverick/tiles/Google/ as the path for the tiles of google maps . now you can use the " cache area " feature of mapson to download the tiles of selected areas . since they are stored in the maverick folder , they are used by maverick if you select " google " as the map source . this also works for other map sources if you adapt the corresponding paths in mapson .
mobile atlas creator ( mobac ) has support for google maps till 1.9beta ( the last stable version is 1.8 ) . it can be downloaded from here . using mobac instead of mapson has the following significant advantages . since the download happens in the computer rather in phone , large area downloads are quite possible . multiple zoom levels can be downloaded and even multiple maps ( like google terrain in one and regular google maps in other ) can be stored in layers . see this answer for more info .
i do not think it makes a difference which android version you use : the support for 4g is provided by the cell radio drivers , added to the system by the manufacturer . the samsung galaxy s advance does not have the hardware needed to use 4g networks , so upgrading the os will not add this support , and there is no way a third-party app can do that either . if you want a phone with 4g , you just have to buy a phone with 4g .
it was beacause i power it up via usb . it sets it is own clock speed to 300mhz . when i power it up via 5vdc power supply , it runs on 1ghz .
i had a similar issue , but it was with visual voicemail notifications . easy fix for this instead of calling t-mobile is to : login to your T-mobile account &gt; plans &gt; services unselect the free visual voice mail service go into your phone and go into apps &gt; running apps and disable all the t-mobile services ( apps labeled in pink ) since then , i do not see notifications for visual voicemail .
i think aside from calling your carrier , there are only so many [ few ] things you can do . i have been reading , and it seems like you can change your voicemail number in settings so call forwarding would be an option . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/276901-there-way-turn-off-voicemail-notifications.html and a very helpful youtube video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_exn-8wxtk8 from the video : force stopping the phone application will clear all notifications from the phone application , including the voicemail notification .
i am in the same boat as you . since i found no way to actually disable voicemail notifications on my nexus 5 , i instead configured the longest possible voicemail greeting the t-mobile system would allow , which consists of complete silence for 3 minutes . i have not gotten a single voicemail notification since .
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
i have a huawei u8510-1 ( android 2.3.4 gingerbread ) and when i got it my battery was having a low duration between recharges . after some tests , by disabling and enabling stuff , the battery cycle started to last more , about 2x more , with the 3g disabled . for me was great since i always use wifi . but this was not enough , the battery cycle still given me a short period of time , forcing me to recharge the phone more or less every two days . the best solution that saved my day and allowed me to really save the battery , thus increasing each battery charge cycle was this app : easy battery saver free it works and really makes a difference . now i charge my phone one , max two times a week , depending on the usage . : ) so , by my personal experience , disabling 3g even if it is not being used , helps saving the battery life , but does not make that much of a difference compared to an app solution . related reading on this subject : what drains more my battery ? wifi , dataconnection ( 3g ) or gps . android how to improve battery life on your android how to save battery life on your android phone by disabling 3g
you can try move the file from card reader , bluetooth , or download from email . i use ast android sms transfer , this software have the same functions , and i feel it is easy to use . ast android sms transfer website : http://www.android-sms-transfer.com
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
in android , a launcher is no different to any other kind of app . the launcher just has an extra intent filter that launches it when you press the home button . if you have more than one launcher app installed , you get a chooser dialog to select one , just like any other time you perform an action that more than one app can handle ( such as sharing a photo ) . android packages are not like packages in gnu/linux distributions . they have very limited access to the system , and can not leave files behind them after you uninstall them ( except on the sd card , if they request the permission needed to access it ) . except when allowed with specific permissions ( which you should always check before installing ) , the only real problem they can cause is using the resources of your phone : taking too much power , network , or storage . in this respect , you do not need to worry about an unstable launcher any more than any other kind of app you install . if my understanding is correct launchers like buzz launcher or go launcher significantly change how android looks , but the changes perhaps do not stop just there . i think you are overstating how much a launcher can do . all it changes is how your home screen looks , including the list of apps and widgets you get to from the home screen . a launcher does not affect the appearance of any other app , nor does it change how android works . it is just an app you launch by pressing the home button .
you can try different launchers without worrying about " junk being left behind " or any kind of " permanent " damage . if you uninstall an app it and all its data are gone . i will not comment on the specific launchers you mentioned , since this is a very subjective and sometimes even heated subject . i suggest you try them out . if you do not like them uninstalling is all you need to do to get back to where you are now .
could be more than one problem . you could try : su mkdir /data/sdext2 mount -o rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime /dev/block/vold/179:2 /data/sdext2  http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1568686 http://androidforums.com/optimus-v-all-things-root/695963-link2sd-tutorial-new-updated-version.html in terminal , if you have access to : folders :  /data/ /dev/block/mmcblk0p2/ /dev/block/vold/  files :  /system/etc/init.d/11link2sd /system/etc/init.d/ 
this appears to be a bug in the gmail app . i have seen this myself a few times and normally clicking the '&lt ; ' arrow in the top left and opening the email again sorts it . other times i have to kill the app and re-launch it .
on an unrooted phone , apps run as distinct users , and do not have access to any files created by other users or system files , i.e. they are ' sandboxed ' . since they can not make any such changes , i would say the only thing they can leave behind is a little detritus on your sd card . on a rooted phone , an app which has been granted root access can do pretty much anything that is possible in the hardware . apps that have root permissions can write on non-read-only storage media ( including modifying the bootloader ) , modify other programs ' private data , modify system settings , modify system files , etc . a rooted app can also hide itself from the system , and pretend to be uninstalled while being perfectly well and alive . basically , rooted apps can do anything that the hardware allows updated to include lie ryan 's info on rooted apps .
unless you are paying for the service from your carrier , you can root your phone and install a tethering app from here . if you would rather not root your phone , you could go with pdanet from the market .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
you need to press the vol down and power buttons together , and hold them for a second or so . some users report that it works better if you press both buttons simultaneously , as opposed to one after the other in sequence .
error code 961 appears when there is a misconfiguration of system files on the google play store . it is happening when downloading , updating and upgrading mobile applications for android operating system . to fix this issue , follow these steps . go to settings apps all and clear the cache clear data for google play store go to settings accounts and sync remove all the synced accounts open google play and register your id again if this won`t work , you could do reset for google play store . here how it do . go to setting click application or apps click manage application you will see downloaded , running , all , on sd card . select all choose google service frame choose force stop , clear data . restart . this will reset the google play store and you can start downloading apps as normal again .
there are 2 possibilities : go to google calendar and add your event ( reocurring and ending at a specific date ) using the app : add a reocurring ( never ending ) event , then go to the first date you do not want the event to occur any more and delete it with option this and future events
i have never found a way to copy and paste a calendar event - something for the wish list ! but . . . you can use the repeat function within the event to repeat it to your requirements .
after some research i found some app on market that sets this global setting ( ' stayawake ' ) . missing setting looks like samsung or tmo customization . i am running official tmo 2.2 update ( t959uvka6 ) installed via minikies
if it is not in that menu it is probably no longer supported by default . you could likely achieve the same effect with either tasker or android scripting environment though .
somewhat related to developing , though . . . homescreen> menu button> settings> applications> development> stay awake that is what it is like for aosp phones , not sure about the vibrant .
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
let 's say : without rooting the device , it is quite unlikely to be possible . on a rooted device , one could symlink the download folder to a folder located on the sdcard , and thus trick the system to directly download to the card ( the way link2sd works with installing apps on sdcard ) .
it is not possible afaik look at those two links : http://forums.androidcentral.com/android-applications/246277-download-install-apps-sd-card.html http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-precedent/620201-there-way-download-apps-straight-sd-card.html but you can download it and move to sd card . for that see this link
you can attach files with the gmail app . just click attach image , select astro to browse and select the pdf you wish to attach
install the htc drivers for your phone . you can usually find them on your phone providers website , for example galaxy s3 from verizon can be found here
it is viable , as there are custom roms i have seen that contains the original kernel but different system files . there is a catch though : if for example your device ships with cyanogenmod and you want to put pa on it , you will have to get your hands dirty with the ramdisk as each rom needs slightly different init* files to boot . as for installing the rom , you will need to put it in a zip file and include a META-INF folder which will contain the files responsible for the correct rom flash , e.g. updater-script . the full procedure is too long to mention here , so i would say you should head over to xda to get the info you need .
have you tried holding the button down ? when the phone is running , a single quick press on the power button will usually wake it up . when it is completely off , like due to the battery being removed , you often have to hold the button down for a short while . you should also make sure it is charged using a wall charger . a completely depleted phone may not be able to charge from the usb port of a laptop . beyond that , i have seen cases where the power button wore out .
well , you can try to return your google play version to its " factory " version by going to Settings -&gt; Manage apps -&gt; Google play(store) and then uninstall updates . usually the factory version of play store does not have the update service .
i am no expert here , but i too had the same problem with my samsung galaxy pro , it has little internal memory , and the google settings app keeps coming back . at first it was just 3 mb and now it is more than 17 mb . it says that it is used to update google apps and apps from google play . this component gives you access to google settings and helps apps speed up offline searches , provide more immersive maps , and improve performance . apps may not work if you uninstall google play services . you probably need this component . frankly , i uninstalled it everytime my phone memory is low , and now its gone , and i have not seen any side effects , maybe because i do not use any app that needs it , i do not know , and i use google maps , gmail , and app store .
it is a system service , not a standalone application . it is " google play services " . can not uninstall system services without root privileges . if you do so with root privileges it may cause problems with google play . settings > apps > all > click on google play services and uninstall updates will work , but it will uninstall only updates . it will update automatically again by google .
htc incredible 2 ( android 2.3.3 ) : settings -> connect to pc -> default connection type . where you can choose from charge only htc sync disk drive mobile broadband connect media sync internet pass-through settings -> connect to pc also has an option ask me ask me about usb connection type whenever i connect my phone to a pc when connected to a pc there is also a message in the notification area , that provides quick access to the Connection type settings .
check Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; USB Settings or Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , rather than the network settings . i would also try a different usb cable , just to make sure , as well as a different usb port and a different computer if you can . you can try wiggling the connector in the device as well and see if it makes proper contact intermittently . as al notes here this sort of problem seems to come up pretty often with sasmsung phones , so you might just be out of luck . if all else fails , though , i would try a factory reset .
you should check your usb connection mode . this can be found in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings . this should be set to Mass storage to access the memory card . alternatively , you can use the debugging mode by selecting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . after this plug your phone in to the usb , open the notification bar and tap the usb debugging notification to get to mount your drives .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
you could report the bug to the android developers , or vote on an existing bug , if there already is one open . this one looks a bit like the issue you are talking about . make sure you explain exactly what is happening , and how they can reproduce the issue .
it sounds very much like the recovery is borked . i recommend using odin to re-flash recovery ( or even the entire rom if you can get ahold of an odin-flashable version ) . here 's a recent guide from xda .
as long as the alarm in fact snoozed and did not get turned off i would think you had be safe , just maybe a bit later than normal . : ) i can not find any other info about how to force alarms to play over notifications or of anyone else having the issue . if you are worried you could silence your phone at night , then notifications would be silent but the alarm would still go off .
making a dual boot is possible , there is a nice app for that end available from google play store . boot manager pro ( 2,17€ ) and the boot manager lite ( free ) , both from init 2 winit apps . boot manager is android 's first multi-boot application . it allows you to install boot roms from your sdcard and boot between then with just a reboot . the application acts as your recovery for your sdcard slots . install your kernels , themes , and roms all through the app and use your normal recovery for your phone rom only . unfortunately , i have not found any supporting information if this will or will not share apps between roms , but at the very least it solves the dual boot problem . ps : since apps when installed on the sdcard still leave a portion of their code on the main installation directory of the current rom , it does not seen possible to have apps shared across different roms .
the vertical bars have handles where they meet the bottom of the graph , so you can adjust the date range that it presents . just tap on the handle for the left bar and drag it all the way to the left of the graph to see your usage from the beginning if your billing cycle :
in the cyanogenmod zip 's updater script , remove the entire assert() line . that will remove the device identity verification and will let the recovery commence flashing immediately .
you are using ssh -T which prevents tty ( 4 ) allocation . without a controlling tty , many things do not work – without any tty at all , a lot more things do not work . do note that your original problem is not due to the lack of a controlling tty , but due to the lack of a pty/tty pair allocation . what you are having here is basically input line “editing” – in your case , not-editing – on the ssh client side , which is then transferred over ssh to the android device . try with ssh -t ( lower-case t , note the difference ) . i can locally reproduce your problem by running ssh -T localhost mksh -i , which also leads to a shell without any input line editing , so pty/tty allocation is the way to solve , here . i assume , from the edits on the question , that /dev/ptmx exists and /dev/pts is mounted already , and that this is an selinux problem . setting $TERM will solve nothing here : it is merely there to tell programs that use termcap or curses ( mksh uses neither ) which physical terminal ( or emulation thereof ) is connected to the tty device . mksh uses a tty for command line editing if it is there , and disables command line editing if it is not there . you need to edit your selinux policies to allow the ssh server to allocate a pty/tty pair ( or even several ones ) per connection . ( this answer has been edited to fold in the comments from this and the original question , and to reflect some edits to the question . )
have you tried sdptool . this link has " sdptool " command syntax . you can issue the command even from adb shell on your connected android phone . but i guess this quires the other bluetooth devices . but this will be good starting point for you .
i too suffered this issue ( several times on different roms ) . nlpwakelocks appeared in an insanely high abundance ( several thousand wakelocks in a single day ) . my first fix consisted of uninstalling all updates of google play , google services framework and google play services , clearing caches and deleting the data of the before mentioned in appmanager , then do a reboot and re-install the updates again . magically , the number of wakelocks dropped to a quite acceptable level . it still was the major cause of wakelocks , but it did not drain the battery nearly as much as before . since then , i had the " use wireless networks " setting enabled without heavy battery drain . i could happily live with this result . however , since i updated to 4.3 ( cm 10.2 ) , there is no longer a button to uninstall updates of those services in appmanager . luckily though , clearing caches and data then reboot seems to suffice now . the only caveeat seems to be google maps . since the update , you need to be logged in to your google account to see your favorite places in google maps . unfortunately , maps then begins to poll your location every few minutes , thus raising nlpwakelocks to an alarming level again . since i have not found a workaround for this yet , i always logout of google maps after use and login again when needed . not very comfortable , but this way i am still able to use google now while experiencing an acceptable battery life . additionally , if you are not using google talk/hangouts at all , log out and uninstall ( with something like titanium backup ) . if you have got a real autostart killer ( e . g . autostart manager ) , try to stop every service running with ' gtalk ' in its name ( in autorun manager , there is a very convenient search field for that ) . this last pararaph has nothing to do with nlpwakelocks , but it should reduce the google services framework drain considerably . hope this helps !
looking at your logcat it appears you have installed the xprivacy app . this seems to be requesting your location constantly . try removing this app and see if that helps . this post on xda appears to confirm the problem . looking through that thread a bit more it appears that there were changes to reduce this but it could be an issue with apps that request your location not liking the data it gets . you could also try installing wakelock detector and see if that sheds any light on the issue .
the camera and gallery apps are the same on android 4.3 and below . it got separated only on kitkat version . so you have to look for gallery apk on titanium backup . probably named gallery 4 . apk or gallery 2 . apk with com . android . gallery3d . . . . as its package name
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
this is because the device location is detected from the sim card in use . i am not sure how the web market location is detected . perhaps look at using a proxy . but if you wish your change your sim location check this out : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler
such sites have geographic filters so you may need to access those sites in mobile which passes the ip barrier .
often times , you can tap and hold the message from the person and a menu will pop up . from that menu , you can select from a number of options , including " add ' name ' to contacts " . click that , enter a name and fill out whatever other fields you want , and you should be good to go .
head over to contacts -> options menu -> display options . under choose contacts to display , expand facebook and put a checkbox against all contacts . the contact will now be saved to your google contacts
you have downloaded an app using an advertising platform that uses these ads . these ads are actually against google play 's developer policies , so when you find the app ( see below ) that is doing this , be sure to report it . there are a few ways to find the app : when did the adverts start ? if you can remember this , try and think of any apps you might have installed not long before they started , and uninstall them . are there any apps in your manage apps area that should not be there ? uninstall them , and see if the adverts go away . check through all your apps , and look at the permissions . adverts like these will need loads of permissions , so if you see an app with many permissions which it may not need , uninstall it and see if the adverts go . if the worst comes to the worst , you can factory reset and reinstall all your apps one by one , however this is a last resort , as you will lose all of your data .
it seems that you are connecting the tab in media player ( mtp ) mode . try switching it to camera mode , it usually gives better results . if i remember correctly , this option can be found in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Menu button (top right) -&gt; USB computer connection .
most likely hidden directories used by android to store hidden data , that are shown/visible when you connect it to your computer . try using root explorer on your tablet to see the directories .
you may need to install an app to play these movies . as mentioned by eldarerathis , the play movies app does not play local content , only shows/films downloaded via google play . mx player , vlc and moboplayer are popular media playing apps . personally i use mx player .
the incredible 2 has a defective charging port that does not typically last a long time . it is an extremely common issue with this phone . chances are , this is what you are seeing . disclaimer : i have been using my current dinc2 for ~18 months and have not had this issue yet , but i did see it on a used phone i attempted to buy . anyway , my plan for if/when this does happen is : repair htc incredible 2 usb charge port the part is supposed to be $12 and takes an hour to do . if you are not comfortable doing it yourself , i would take it to a cell phone repair shop .
you can try side loading 4.4.2 and then a factory reset from that android version
have the same issues as the first bloggers that posted . i have the nexus 4 16gb and in february 2014 , i cracked the screen and changed the digitizer . in the process i tore the lithium polymer bag for the battery and subsequently the phone started to have a sweet smell . after 5 days the phone started acting up with these ghost images which was typing the same random characters in google plus , the camera took photos by itself , it shut off by itself and made squealing noises and just have been crazy . only upon plugging in the phone into the adapter charger would stabilize and use it on a regular basis . after reviewing several blogs , one person recommended changing the battery , which i did and this has fixed the phone . i have had a new battery in the phone for over 4 days now and it is working perfectly fine . i am running kit kat 4.4.2 and have all of the different kinds of apps installed on the phone . screen replacement and battery replacement can be found on youtube . first ! change your battery , do not give up the phone . spend the money ( $21 amazon ) and do not regret because you did not try to change the battery and see if it works again . hope this helps and pass it on to others you may know ! **update : apr 13 , 2014 . phone is working as normal using usb charge and wall charger . it is the battery causing the ghost images .
remove unnecessary contacts , take a backup contacts to sd card using the option > > back up to sdcard/storage or something similar . delete all your contacts , then import form sd card , you will get an option to select to which the contacts has to be saved . select phone and you are done . your contacts are always stored in your phone , at /data/data/android.providers.contacts a copy of it is stored in your google account when you sync . remember the contacts that are under Google only will get synced . nothing will happen when you log out from your google account . only auto sync is off .
go to contacts . press contacts to display , then select which merged contact you want to display . or , select all contacts . you can also customise the contacts to display .
i believe superoneclick works for rooting the motorola droid on 2.2 . http://shortfuse.org/?page_id=2 after rooting your phone , you can use wifi tether for root users . https://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
slatedroid and its wiki is imo the best resource for the pandigital novel . the novel does not do any signing checks of its firmware and it is running android 2.0 so it is rather easy to root . edit : i have learned that the bootloader is encrypted ; my previous sentence about " not checking signatures " may be incorrect . ( it may only be that the bootloader cannot be replaced . ) latest community-modified firmware as of this writing flashable a-la-carte enhancements ( including root ) i notice you posted over there too , so this is really for anyone else that has a pdn 7" and wants this information . as of note , the white and black versions are different ; the white is regarded as better .
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
the google search engine gets its weather from a combination of ' the weather channel ' , ' weather underground ' and ' accuweather ' . the data on google now appears to be the same data . . .
very easy ! ! just got to your computer and go to character map or just jo go to word document and hit alt+255 or alt0160 and copy that file into ur phone . then open tht word document in your phone copy the content its copyable . then just paste it in ur whtsapp chat or whtsapp status . but if u dnt want to waste time doing all this just go to ur whtsapp settings and hide ur status ! :p
there is a blank character in character map on windows , if you can set up whatsapp using bluestack or emulator you can easily send a blank message or can set blank status as well but if you cant setup the same this might help you http://blog.drhack.net/whatsapp-blank-status-message-trick/
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
type in keypad *#9900# option 2 delete dumpstate logcat it really works and gets rid of that annoying disk thing at top of notifications and can download again hope it helps . i had the same issue and this worked .
i have just a few hours ago flashed clockworkmod recovery on my galaxy s in order to switch from stock rom to cyanogenmod . simply follow the instructions from the official samsung galaxy s full update guide . the relevant section about flashing recovery contains the steps you need to follow . make sure to read the note at the end of the section if the first kernel does not work for you ( it did not work for me ) .
the general consensus is there is usually different partitions available : system data cache boot recovery when a guide says to flash " partition " where partition is one of the above , then that implies transferring the contents destined for the partition . the mileage will vary depending on the handset/manufacturer as not all of them actually have implemented partitions like the above . usually it can be done with using the cable plugged in and using fastboot . for example : to flash a kernel onto the boot partition one can undertake it like this : sudo fastboot flash boot boot_image_file.img  followed by : sudo fastboot reboot  likewise in the op 's case , its referring to the recovery partition . sudo fastboot flash recovery recovery_image_file.img  i would be wary about using rom manager to do this for you without using a computer ; have got bitten by it , and found that it can sometimes , be incorrect with regards to using recovery i.e. clockworkmod recovery , it was so convinced that i had a very old version of cwm , when in reality , the latest was installed ; end result , i messed up the recovery and threw away rom manager as i preferred to do it on the computer - less errors and that the human checking is in place .
from the link you provided , you have problem to make rom manager work . use this app . rom manager flashes the cwm recovery from within the app . there is no need of another computer at all . . .
try this universal adb driver .
i would say " yes " through my own observations . apps like live wallpapers do have an effect on battery life . add to that any active radios like wifi , bluetooth , gps , mobile data and battery life can go down the tubes . i have learned to disable things if i am not able to charge right away or need a bit more battery life . i would also like to mention about running apps and background processes , i would suggest not disabling them unless you know what you are doing .
try to flash clockworkmod on the phone . if this is possible you can make a backup of the original system and trying to rescue important files . after this download a new rom thats suitable for your phone and flash this by using clockworkmod . be very sure that you install the right clockworkmod and rom version on your phone and follow the instructions very well .
what you need is download y210 recovery installer - search google for it . do not plug in the phone yet . after that launch y210 recovery installer . i think is rar file from unknown language - my guess is myanmar . now power up your phone into recovery mode . power + down - hold both for 10-15 seconds plug in your usb . click on y210 button - you will not see anything but the program running in background wait for few minutes then the y210 will say ok , ok , ok . unplug your phone and power down . or remove the battery for 5 seconds then power up with power + up you will see recovery mode . go to menu and select turn off signature verification . then go back and install from sd card and select your zip file . that is all --- good luck ! due to os bootloader locked by this feature you can not rooted unless you disable signature verification . after you can root your phone . with y210 root . zip - search for it .
you can use touchdown ( $20 ) : http://www.nitrodesk.com/dk_touchdownfeatures.aspx for the email download size you can set no body .
if i look at my settings for an exchange server i have a ' incoming size ' under ' general settings ' where i can specify ' headers only ' . i am running froyo 2.2.1 on samsung galaxy s .
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
you could try to use the " static ip settings": go to settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings press menu button , select advanced check use static ip look for your pc 's ip address , and enter a similar address for ip address ( e . g . if your pc 's one is 192.168.1.2 , try 192.168.1.3 ) . enter your router 's ip as gateway ( usually 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.178.1 etc . ) enter 255.255.255.0 as the netmask . it is important that the ip address is not already used in your network .
go to the air gesture settings and deselect " quick glance "
there is some app running that requests a full wakelock ( which requires the screen to be on ) . you might use wakelock detector or betterbatterystats to figure out which app that might be : wakelock detector and betterbatterystats ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) both apps show what app held wakelocks in the past . wld is available for free on play , bbs for eur 2 . once you have identified the culprit , you can either re-configure that app to avoid those wakelocks – or check for a replacement with better behaviour ; )
all i could think of on the android side ( enabling ums ) you have already done . but android devices might not expose their full storage via ums . usually , you only can access the external and internal sd-cards this way . for everything else , you might want to take a look at adbfs ( see also on xda ) and mc-exfs-adb ( which i slightly modified to work better on my linux system ; that version you can find here ) . both variants require you to have at least a minimal adb installation on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . i have tried both , and favor adbfs-rootless . works like a charm . if your device is rooted , you could combine this with adbd insecure from chainfire to get full access to the entire filesystem .
agreeing with joachim . . . to access the phone 's internal storage you need to install libmtp and mtpfs for your linux distro . something like : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /mnt . . . should help . good discussion here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1720464
this question has been answered by @derobert at stackexchange-url msc mode only works for accessing a memory card , which i do not have ; for accessing the phone 's own file system , i need another access mode .
this commonly happens when you are trying to mount a disk when you should be mounting a partition on that disk . use ls /dev/sdb* to see if any partitions ( such as /dev/sdb1 ) exists on the disk , and then mount that instead of trying to mount the whole disk .
if you are using an alternative rom to android , it is possible there could be issues with the rom which might be causing it . issues like this have been seen on cyanogenmod roms in the past , especially on nightly builds ( that is , test versions ) . however , they are correct in that it is more than likely due to apps you have downloaded . i have gone without rebooting , clearing caches , etc . for over three months without any degradation .
the effect you are describing is not caused by the os . it is caused by more and more background processes that accumulate over time and maybe more apps registering to system hooks that need to be evaluated when certain events occur . every os that supports this will be vulnerable . my android has run for the past 1 1/2 years without any performance degradation . always question and confront app developers if they run a service in the background for a long time ( without any need/use ) . interval-like started background services that check/pull for some information and terminate after that are fine . google play music is was 1 a perfect example : the app sets an android alarm ( that is not an user alarm , but more a programmatically scheduled event ) in intervals to perform its sync . but some apps start a long-running service that can not be disabled by the user , and if you have many of these running , your performance will in-fact degrade . 1 google music seems now also to run all the time . : ( but there are other good examples of apps , that understand that they should not run all the time . or where the user is able to deactivate the background service . or where the app developer was competent enough to make use of the rich ( push ) api of android provides to keep the impact of the app at a minimum .
answer by flow is correct in that the increased feeling of sluggishness is not caused by the os , it is mainly caused by apps . but there is another effect i noticed , specially on battery life : the more you use your phone , the more you are demanding to its performance ( and battery life ) , even if it is not conscious . ( it is the same for hard-drive sizes : the more you have , the more you need . ) so , it can also be the your level of expectation is slowly raising . i remember i was fascinated by all the powers i had in my hand when i bought my htc magic some years ago . recently , i switched it on to have a look : it still works alright , but , well , now that i used a nexus one and then a galaxy note , i feel it has a very rough ui and very limited powers . my expectation have raised .
" sign into wi-fi network " says it all : no network , no connection . you most likely changed the password/keyphrase at your router , and forgot to adjust your devices . they cannot log in to the network anymore , hence you get that notification . fixing your wifi configuration will solve the other problem along . edit : thanks to dan for pointing out my omission : the phrasing of the notification indeed points to a " captive network " , which requires a sign-in via browser first . to automate such a login , you might wish to take a look at wifi web login and comparable apps . also see automate web login for wi-fi hotspots ( captive portal ) on android at our sister-site .
well as going by your point that the problem is not limited to you but to your whole family then the problem lies with the configuration of your modem . if the wifi is not configured properly then it may or may not show connected but you will not be able to download or browse any content let it be google play or the internet . as you have not specified any h/w details of your modem then i can only provide a general solution which would be to configure your modem properly either by yourself or from the relevant technician of the modem . also do please check whether the wi-fi is displaying a red cross with an error of irrelevant settings on your desktop or laptop when connecting over the wi-fi or the connection is normal through the lan cable . if its a yes for the lan and wi-fi then you need to get your modem checked by the technician for both wi-fi as well as lan connection
i would highly recommend that you attempt the free moboplayer from the android market . it has highly optimised code for armv7 , armv6 vfp , and armv6 -- as soon as it downloads it might recommend a different version from the market version and will automatically start a download of the correct version . in my personal experience video playback was exceptional on supposedly weaker phones -- although i do not expect it to handle hd content well .
these settings work very well on my zte blade . as they have similar hardware ( cpu and memory wise ) they should work ok for the optimus one . video codec : x264 frame size : 512*288 ( you may want to finesse that slightly for the optimus screen size - 320*480 ? ) bitrate : 768 audio codec : aac bitrate : 128 i suspect that the frame size , codecs ( audio and video ) and bitrates should be fine regardless of which container ( avi/divx/mp4/mkv ) that you pick to play it through .
no luck with avi mpg4/mp3 codec ? plays like a charm on my htc desire w/ froyo 2.2 you could also try another encoder , " super " [ 1 ] for example . imho " rockplayer " [ 2 ] is the best player for the android platform at the moment . hope that helps . [ 1 ] http://www.erightsoft.com/super.html [ 2 ] http://rockplayer.freecoder.org/index_en.html
i have been able to use any old avi or mpeg files with the vplayer app without having to convert them . another alternative is rockplayer . vlc for android is supposed to be coming in the next few weeks .
the reviews i have read seem to indicate that the optimus will happily play standard-definition xvid and divx video files in avi format so try using the "-vcodec mpeg4" setting . http://ffmpeg.org/faq.html#sec20
as you have indicated , both features are native to the default launcher app that shipped with the 4.4 rom for nexus 5 , called the google experience launcher ( gel ) having google now start listening when i say , " okay google " without pressing a button i have not come across any third-party launcher app that is integrated this yet , and would not count on it anytime soon . here is what nova launcher 's dev said on this topic . you could try apps like open mic+ , but these would continue to be active as long as your phone is awake , and almost certainly will take a hit on the already weak nexus 5 battery life . being able to swipe over to the left from the homescreen to get the now screen this will never be part of a non-gel app . in order to achieve this , google essentially packaged the launcher app into the search ( i.e. . google now ) app . see here and here on how and why they did this . it is unclear whether gel will be released to the play store as a standalone app , or if it'll even be released to other nexus/play edition devices .
cyanfox for nexus 5 has the semi always listening baked right into the rom . i put the same type of rom on my friends galaxy s3 and it had the google now screen to the left and was always listening while on the home screen . blew my mind .
kk launcher ( based on android 4.4 kitkat launcher ) have this feature : enable ok google from all kk launcher screens ( require android 4.4 ) ; support swipe right to google now
smart launcher 2 added support on 31 may .
theres an app called open mic+ its helps wid the ok google thing swiping left fr google now is no where present excpt gel but i personally didnt like the interface the icon size ws looking big on my note 2 i prefer nova launcher wid open mic + . apk it works like a charm ; ) plus whoever said it doesnt wrk whn screen is off ur wrong m using it and wrks wid locked screen and yes if u set it to start up on boot it strts frm boot ; )
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
" ok google " works in nova launcher . it is an option in the root of nova settings , and works regardless of whether or not a search bar is displayed . similar functionality can be added to apex , samsung touchwiz , or htc sense , using an app called active searching . i have not found a way to display the google now cards page as a launcher page in any launcher other than the google now launcher .
nova has since been updated and now supports the ok , google hotword .
if you have fastboot , boot into that . you can then procede to wipe data while in fastboot mode by issues the fastboot -w command . you can then reboot the device using the fastboot reboot command . be aware that not all devices come with fastboot . if you can access adb while the device is booting , then you can issue an adb reboot recovery command to reboot into the recovery menu that way .
try booting while pressing the back key . that will get you into fastboot , and you can access hboot ( and hence recovery ) from there . if it worked try any solution among this . . it depends on the cause of the boot loop wipe cache and dalvik ( depending on what recovery you look in different places for these . i think clockworkmod may have wipe dalvik in advanced ) . tbh i think this is unlikely to do it , but is harmless . if something has been corrupted in the rom then reflashing the rom ( without wiping ) will fix it . if it is data corruption then a factory reset will do it .
to do a factory reset , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Privacy and hit factory data reset . alternatively though , to just clear the sms data you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and find the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) and clear the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . if you really need to boot into recovery , i would try the following : hold power and volume down until the phone reboots or turns on hold the power button for two more seconds , then release it ( if the phone reboots again , you held it too long ) keep holding volume down until recovery mode appears
the problem is not the strength , but the direction . at least my nexus 4 makes no noise if it vibrates while lying flat on the table . lay it on the side , and it will wake the dead . the axis of rotation should be paralell to the screen , not perpendicular . no amount of software will fix this hardware/design error .
there is an app called trinity kernal toolbox . it helps to adjust vibartion intensity in galaxy nexus and nexus 4 ( only ) . but the thing is your device should be rooted . and its a paid app . the app supports the following : - adjusting of cpu min/max frequencies - selecting of cpu governor - cpu governor settings - selecting of i/o scheduler - adjusting of max screen off frequency ( galaxy nexus only ) - adjusting of all cpu voltages - sound control : high performance toggle + volume boost ( galaxy nexus only ) - color control ( galaxy nexus + nexus 4 only ) - contrast control ( galaxy nexus only ) - adjusting of vibration strength ( galaxy nexus and nexus 4 only ) - usb fast charge toggle ( with plug check ) - thermal throttle toggle ( galaxy nexus only ) - smart reflex autocomp toggles ( galaxy nexus only ) - wifi pm toggle ( steadier stream or better battery ) ( gn + n7 only ) - menu with utility functions to make common tasks easier . - reboot widgets to access common options from homescreen - cpu temperature widget ( galaxy nexus + sgs3 + nexus 7 ) - statusbar temperature display on select widgets ( gn + sgs3 + nexus 7 ) - restores trivial settings on boot - frequency/voltage settings restored on boot if chosen - crash recovery ( to get you out of boot loops ) - optimizes system independent from init . d ( great for stock roms ) may be it will help you to solve your issue . do not blame me for recommeding a paid app if you are interested just flash this kernal to support it
vibration config claims to be able to increase the vibration strength of a nexus 4 ( and some other phones ) and a few reviews indicate that it works . it does need root so as soon as i get around to rooting my nexus i will give it a go and report back .
there is absolutely no way to do this without root , and for a good reason . if an app was do do this imagine the havok that would ensue ? you will have to root your device , either temporarily or permanently , to do this .
you could physically remove or block the speaker . that would prevent the camera from making a noise ( no , plugging in headphones will not prevent the external speaker from making a shutter sound ) . aside from that , you really do have to root your device . or at least put a custom rom on your device ( which usually requires root or an unlocked bootloader , not to mention that almost every custom rom has root enabled by default ) .
you could create an updater-script to access the system and mute the shutter sound , without rooting your phone . http://www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/introdution_to_edify http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1610121 you should include an update-binary and an empty line at the end of the updater-script .
it will be hard to test something without a tester . android does not ship with a test-app for heartbleed ( or any other security hole , such as the master key exploit discovered about a year ago ) , as this would somehow defeat the purpose : such a check-app must know about the security hole and how to check for it , and thus requires knowledge about that . if that knowledge is there , instead of writing an app to check for the hole , the devs rather should decide to fix it in the first place – which would make that app obsolete : ) so if a 3 rd party app is not acceptable for you , you are most likely out of luck . but in case you change your mind , you can find several security-checkers in this list . there is e.g. heartbleed security scanner , which is pretty well rated ( as of now , 4.6 stars with over 5,000 votes ) , and you can find it introduced in this androidpit blog post . linked list category also holds some security suites covering multiple exploits and security risks , which might be a good choice to check if you are interested how it stands about security with your device .
apps do not generally bundle openssl themselves : rather , android ships with openssl included in the main framework , so in most cases it is the android version that has or does not have the vulnerability , rather than the app itself . that said , it is certainly possible for an app to include its own openssl , it is just unusual . how does the heartbleed security vulnerability affect my android device ? explains that only android version 4.1.1 is vulnerable itself . if the app contains a statically linked openssl binary , and you do not want to use an app to check the behaviour , you have to unpackage the apk file to find the library .
no , this is not possible . unfortunately , google have not implemented this feature into google play as of yet .
when you specify one of your devices ( to narrow down the comments ) , the web page sends an ajax query to google . it passes a get variable , specifying the device ; it also passes some post variables , one of which is a token ( so you can not simply browse to the page ) . you could write something that requests a different device to get the comments . the only problem is that google has their own definitions for device models . you would have to find out the model id used by google for the device ( s ) you wish to browse . here is a starting point for your code . i grabbed my token value by using tamper data . here 's a starting point for your list of devices . my two devices are the optimus v : " lge lg-vm670" nook simple touch : " barnesandnoble nook " readers : feel free to add your device in the comments .
the default ringtones are fairly quiet . install some standalone ringtones or else grab a copy from your device and run them through a program to increase their volume before placing back onto the phone .
you might want to give volume+ a try ( scroll down for download link ) .
ok 1 . download paw server and run it on first user . 2 . run it 3 . go to 2nd user 4 . go to localhost:8080 5 . login with user admin with password paw 6 . go to media > file manager done ! or code your own php script .
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
it is probably mounted only for one user and unmounted when you switch to another user which explains why it is in the same place ( directory /sdcard ) but with different users the content change
after a lot of trial and error , i discovered that the Android/obb folder is automatically shared among users . it is not ideal , but it is better than a cloud storage option for large files .
it is a different user account is why you can not see the files and the user files are stored on the system partition when the user accounts were set up it is assumed the the first account to ' activate ' the device is the master account , all other ones created from that are user accounts , much in the same way you have user accounts on a pc you will have your C:\Users\youusername\Downloads that is not viewable by other users that log into the machine if you want to share things possibly use a cloud storage system like google drive or dropbox but that a bit of a pain having to share individual documents so maybe set up a shared folder you will be able to add a short-cut to that to access them maybe ?
run paw server on user 1 use the built-in file manager
this has nothing to do with permissions . to verify , switch to account 1 and see if the folder is visible . i think you have unintentionally deleted the folder yourself .
sheryl found the answer herself . quoting her comment : i finally found it . . my daughter must have been in the accessibiltiy settings . she had the talk back on . but i didnt realize because she also had turn off all sounds on . i dont know how that makes the tapping weird , but is fixed now . if one has a similar effect ( e . g . red borders shown ) , and it is not the accessibility settings , another place to look for is the development settings , which also has switches to highlight certain areas for " developer feedback " when testing an app .
install their new extension , sync bookmarks with chrome flawlessly https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dolphin-connect/pajecklcmiegagoelbbjldmfcbcpdpll have fun : )
install bookmarks to sd add-on of dolphin browser hd . its not only for saving bookmarks to sd , but it features sync with google bookmarks . use this feature . then , sync chrome bookmarks with google bookmarks ( there're many chrome extensions for that ) . done ! another way is to use xmarks . it has chrome extension as well as dolphin add-on . but , you had need its premium subscription to use dolphin add-on .
xmarks , which is now owned by lastpass , premium service ( 1$/month ) is able to sync bookmarks across various platforms and browsers .
aside from the usual battery-saving tips ( like disabling data / wi-fi ) , you could use an app like screen filter to reduce the brightness of the device ; this reduces power consumption . if available , you might also invert the colors in your reader app . for example , ezpdf reader has a Night mode feature which makes the background black and the text white ( as opposed to the standard black on white ) . of course , this is only applicable to pdfs with actual next , not scanned images .
i am answering my own question from what i have gathered . there seems to be no way to prioritize , say , doggcatcher , if it is playing music in the background . when the operating system runs out of memory , it starts summarily killing background processes . the best i can do is kill dispensable background processes before starting these two apps . first i turn off sync . then i go to manage apps and open the running tab , note which apps are running , open the downloaded tab , and from there force stop the apps . note that if you simply stop the services from the running tab , the apps will usually restart them . after that i clear the app cache from the all tab . i am not sure how necessary this step is , as the problem occurs rather nondeterministically . after that i start doggcatcher and endomondo . especially facebook app just keeps starting all kinds of services that consume a lot of memory , no matter how it is configured , so i uninstalled the app and started using the mobile site with web browser . the mobile site is also more robust , i think it has more features , and i got rid of the annoying notifications .
you can format the sd as exfat , removing the 4gb restriction from old fat filesystem . you can format it from windows ( or linux/mac ) without any third party application and the phone will recognize it without problems .
i doubt it . i have done the same with a gsm galaxy s ( the vibrant ) with no problems . of course it probably depends on whether you have a really terrible rom , but rooting alone should not matter . and it might be different for cdma . but worst case , you can just flash back to stock . my vibrant picked up the network settings on it is first boot with a sim , i would again assume your first boot-up after activation would cause the same thing . plus , if the custom rom is captivate-based and not i9000-based , it might have the network settings already built in ( and just need to pick up the phone number ) .
you will not get voice/data if it is not activated on your vzw account . but you can use it as a wifi device , like an ipod . i say root it and flash an ics rom to see what the device can do . i think you will be surprised ! go here for all the info you need to root/flash/return it to stock if you decide to sell it .
you can never guarantee that it is cent per cent private . first let 's begin with android apps . in order to earn money you have advert 's in the apps . in order to get localised adds it has in built code which will access your location and display the advertisement based on the locality you are presently . in doing so your identity is revealed there itself . your device name , id , carrier etc . is stored in the third party servers . to which no one can guarantee whether the communication is secure between their server and what is done with the information stored in the server . you cannot disable this featured as it is hard coded in the application and the best way to this is simply un-install . you can verify whether the app is collecting information or not through some apps from the play store like permission checker . in the app you can sort out apps that might cost you money , send data , etc . check for the application permissions which are listed and check it is use on the web . if you see any application that has permission violating your privacy like viewing contacts , device id , network information you need to delete those apps from the device . you cannot modify the code even if possible as it violates the policy . also make sure the permissions are relevant to the functionality of the application . if it is irrelevant ( flash light app is having permission for viewing contacts , location which is not at all relevant then you need to remove it . ) then you need to remove this app and find another app from the play store .
sounds like hacker 's keyboard might be a good try for you . it does not have some of the rightmost keys ( insert , end , page up/down , also f1-f12 ) visibly displayed on the main layout , but they are available by pressing the " fn " key . here 's the layout on a tablet :
i rebooted the device and the message was gone .
try rebooting your phone then it should go away .
have you enabled the visibility of these labels/folders from the imap section of options in the main gmail web interface . advanced imap controls were recently rolled out to all users , so certain labels/folders may have been deemed hidden . click settings and then within the labels section , check mark those boxes whose labels you want shown as imap folders by selecting show in imap . =========== update : also check within k9 account settings > folders and make sure certain folders are not hidden .
i went to the folder list . i then hit my menu button and a new menu popped up that said " refresh folders " on the bottom . when i did that , it grabbed the new folders i created and removed the ones i had deleted ( from using previous webmail programs ) .
i was having the same problem ( with a non-gmail imap account ) , what worked for me was to monkey with it . set all the folder settings to display only subscribed folders . then refresh folders . then change it to display all folders . now i can see my newer imap folders . so . . . if you are loathe to re-install your account , try just changing the folder display settings around and then changing them back .
if you are rooted and have a rom that supports recovery like clockworkmod , a full nandroid backup is akin to taking an image/snapshot of your device . when recovering from that image , your phone will be restored to exactly that same state when the backup was taken .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
to my knowledge , twrp does a nandroid backup . as you can read in the tag wikis of the mentioned tags ( nandroid , backup ) , a nandroid backup takes images of your partitions . it is not a backup on the file level , but on partition level . so it includes everything stored on those partitions . doing a full nandroid backup of your system thus includes the entire system , one file per partition . there are only very few things not contained , such as the radio-firmware . so to put it as a short direct answer to your question : yes , a full nandroid backup would include all your apps , app data , messages , contacts . though it might be complicated to extract them separately ( nandroid can not do that , it is always an " all-or-nothing " . but e.g. titanium backup can read data from nandroid backups . just in case you will need that : )
you can backup system , data , boot , recovery , cache , efs system , data , boot are selected by default which includes your rom , apps , appdata , kernel and you can choose to backup recovery , cache , efs which bundles things on your internal sd card like your contacts and photos and videos . twrp also provides compression which is pretty handy if your backup becomes large .
to answer your question , if you have cyanogen mod installed , no new aps just the rom and you use the phone exactly as you would youse it with your stock rom , yes cyanogen mod will take more battery but at the same time it is more light weight and faster . so yes cyanogen mod does take up a bit more battery then a stock rom , at least from my experinece with cm .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
it depends . yes , depends on your settings ( auto brightness , wifi scan interval , gps , auto sync enabled ) type of applications installed ( widgets and its high auto refresh rate ) and many more ( kernel wakelock ) etc . just try to check what consumes your battery using better battery stats . from that you can identify , what causing battery drain .
just for my experience with the xperia mini pro ( 3 years of use and the new note 3: the stock was more efficient in using the battery even it was filled with bloatware . same reason why i am looking this up - to go with some stock modified rom or cm which i like more , but battery is a must . . .
sammobile only lists the chinese rom for your device , so it is unlikely you will be able to use different languages with an official samsung rom : to get other languages and google apps support , you will need to use a third-party custom-rom . similarly , it does not appear that the n9008s is an officially supported device for cyanogenmod , likely because none of the developers have one . there is a thread on the xda developers forum , but it does not make your prospects look good . googling for cyanogenmod n9008s produces a lot of noise ( rooting guides , and pages that mention n9008s but are actually about other devices ) , as well as one or two pages that might have unofficial roms but are in chinese , so you will have to trawl through them with google translate to see if any are actually helpful . you might find that as they are in chinese , they have only ported a chinese build of cyanogenmod , which would leave you no better off . in any case , you should be very wary of unofficial rom builds , since they could backdoor your device or contain other malware , and you should be extra-careful about following flashing instructions in a language you do not understand . only try something out if you are willing to risk bricking your phone .
if that is a malware , it will take care to leave no tracks ( i.e. . deleting the sent message ) . two things you should do asap : contact your provider and check what messages where sent . especially expensive " premium " messages . it could be something sends " just spam " , but it also could be some " money generator " . check with a permission checker what apps have the permission to . . . send sms/mms deactivate your lockscreen ( aka keyguard ) if you find an app that has both permissions , that is a very likely candidate . a good app to check this is e.g. rl permissions , which lets you check by app and by permission : rl permissions : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) as rl permissions has not been updated for more than 2 years , an alternative to this is permission explorer , which offers similar features : permission explorer : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) once you have identified a suspicious app , deactivate or uninstall it . watch if the described behaviour continues . if it does not , you have got the culprit . one more lesson learned : just having some antivirus on your device does not mean you are safe and do not need to care . those " checkers " mostly compare with a database of known malware . unlike their pc companions , they do not do heuristic scans .
for basic phones , you might want to consider the gsm at commands defined to read contacts ( via serial connection , however even most usb data cables will still provide a virtual com port ) http://www.traud.de/gsm/numbers.htm
that format most likely is vcard ( versitcard ) , which even has its own mimetype ( text/vcard ) . according to the linked wikipedia page , it became a standard around 1996 ( and since it was proposed 1995 for the first time , older devices will not know it ) . android 's contacts app uses this format when directly exporting your contacts from it . to my knowledge , this format is also used when transferring contacts via bluetooth ( even to/with older devices not necessarily running android or being " smart phones" ) . mail clients support it as well . so if you are looking for any standard here , this most likely is it .
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
the broadcom bcm4329 chipset in a lot of android phones ( nexus one , evo , g1 ) probably many more ) supports monitor/promiscuous mode . the driver needs to be modified to allow monitor mode to be enabled . here is the source of the current drivers : monitor mode flag method to that sets the mode in the second link , you can see that monitor mode flag is not even in the switch statement so it is just gets ignored when called . someone also got tcpdump working on a g1 so it is possible , we jsut need to put in some work to get it functional though . a few more links about the chipset , drivers , and modifications to them : http://forum.aircrack-ng.org/index.php?topic=281.0 http://aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=b43 http://wireless.kernel.org/en/users/drivers/b43
as rohan said , you need at least a device with a wireless card that can be set on " monitor " or " promiscuous " mode , so you can sniff the packets sent between the clients and servers of the wireless network . so , technically it is possible , but at the beginning it would be a very device-specific solution
technically no . however you can jailbreak it and install a os on it and it would look just like a normal os . just a smaller version . once thats done you can install softwares like aircrack exct . and it would capture the packets and then crack them . . now this does take some time . . anywhere from 15 minutes to a few days all depending on their encryptionsetings . but the average wifi shouldnt take more then 30 minutes . . tops . so yes in theory it is " possible " but it all depends on how much work you want to put into it in order to get it . there is no " app " yet . . im not sure if anyone is converting a software like aircrack from an os to app compatable . . although im sure someone is somewhere .
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
yes . you can flash a custom kernel on your stock rom , but it has to be the appropriate kernel i.e. it has to be the version the kernel supports . in this case you will be limited to overclocking only . however , you can download setcpu , nofrills , voltage control , cpu contol , etc to enjoy max .
if youre talking about applications ( . apk ) downloaded from google chrome and not the play store then you need to go into settings > security > unknown sources
q : how and where do i add the tickmark again ? a : who could possibly know what you need more than yourself ? q : will i have to reset my nexus 7 ? a : follow below steps , you will be fine . q : if so are all the app i bought then lost ? a : as flow said , you can recover them from google play store later on . if you feel not safe , use appsaver to back them up . resetting your android phone before resetting your phone , you have to save your data ( pics , music , movies , contacts . . . ) . if you have a google email account , saving your contacts is not needed , you can just sync it to the cloud . concerning your apps , as flow said , you can recover them from google play store later on . backing up pics , movies and music is necessary . i recommend you to back up your entire data storage , it contains apps private files , office documents , few stuff that you could easily forget to back up otherwise . . . when those steps are done , you can safely reset your phone , it will be like a second life for it :- ) .
i do not know about the camera , but the lens and acrylic cover should be easy to change . here is a replacement i found on ebay . it is quite cheap also . p.s. i have just seen your comment : ) . take this as an extension to your findings .
you can only do a lookup for a house phone . a mobile phone you do not know where they are most likely unless you have a subopena .
yes . i have not tried the worldcallplaceandtime app but it looks like what you want . below you can see the summary and screenshot from appbrain . edit : based on the comments on appbrain , this app just determines the caller 's location based on the phone number 's area code . if you want to know the phone 's physical location , you will need to use something like google latitude , which does not give you the caller 's location during the call ( yet ) . this program shows a small customizable info window during incoming/outgoing call : country , region , city ( or mobile operator ) and local time in that place ( worldwide ) ! 2.0: colors option for donators , bugfixes tag : call location , calllocation , who is calling , wer ruft an , caller id , who called
truecaller ( $6.99 ) does area code lookups plus public directory lookups . if the number is in a public directory it'll tell you the person 's name and address ( if available ) otherwise it defaults to showing the location based on area code . i have never used it and it does not have very good reviews in the app market but it seems like a lot of those are from people with unrealistic expectations and people who do not want to pay for apps .
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
this is what you need to do , supposing you are on a stock rom : open your gallery app . select the image you want to set as background . hit menu and you should see an option set as , click on it . you should end with several options in which you can find home screen , lock screen and home and lock screens . select the option you want to set your wallpaper to . if you have a custom rom , you should check the forums of that rom to see if its supports this .
i had a bit of trouble setting the lock screen pic . i have a samsung galaxy ace q i827 ( appeal in the u.s. ) and i had to first find a pic i wanted , then i had to hit the menu button a couple of times to find the ' set as ' button . at first i only hit it once , and no ' save as ' button appeared . but after hitting it again , it popped up . after clicking on the ' set as ' , i had the option of selecting the lock screen or wallpaper . this is for gingerbread 2.3.6 .
you can not do that . but what you can do is download a third party locker such as go locker .
although i am on another device with another android version ( htc desire hd / rom : jellytime r9 ( android 4.2.2 ) ) i think the problem may be the same . in gallery i can only set the images as background . but i can set a different lock screen background image in system settings . i think this options depending on used launcher/lockscreen and are also valid in stock roms . i am using novalauncher and i can only set a different lockscreen image that way as far as i know . [ edit ] sorry for being that fuzzy . . what i really wanted to say : in android 4.2.2 ( can not confirm atm that it also works on 4.1 due to lack of working emulator ) - depending on launcher/locker - just do this setting under the proper category in system settings . . system settings &gt; ui &gt; lock screen &gt; background &gt; custom image ( maybe different wording - only got german version here ) [ /edit ]
check out this answer , just in case the wallpaper was moved that being said , since you are looking for an app-provided wallpaper and not a system provided wallpaper , we will probably need to know the package name of the application in question ( and you will need to have root access to your device , which i believe you already have ) . so assuming the package name of the app is com.example.superdupperlauncher , then you would need to look into /data/data/com.example.superdupperlauncher/files/ or /data/data/com.example.superdupperlauncher/
tasker cannot help . neither can android . because android cannot differentiate between international and local numbers . you can however make your own app if you can code ; )
on android => 2.3 there is an option in phone settings under Internet Call Settings to add voip accounts as well as option Use Internet calling with the following options : for all calls when data network is available only for internet calls ask for each call using the third option is the closest you can get currently to your required way of doing this , using a regular sip instead of skype . *note : some devices might not have these options even though they are later versions .
with a launcher such as nova launcher , you could use a custom activity launcher and use the activity witch is the dial pad of skype . that will allow you to launch the right dial pad when calling a foreign number .
grooveshark might not be using that much data ; it keeps a cache of songs you have listened to recently so it does not have to re-download them each time . so if you are listening to the same songs all the time , they will probably only be downloaded once , same with offlined songs . to see if the app really sees what data grooveshark is pulling , go to Grooveshark-&gt;Settings-&gt;Clear Song Cache . then go listen to a playlist or two and see what happens : ) p.s. you can also edit the size of the cache on that menu ! if all else fails , i use phone usage , and it tracks grooveshark pretty successfully :
--occurred only after 2.3.4 update for me . --tried clearing cache for facebook , gmail , internet - worked , but only temporarily . only thing that worked was factory reset . i did not want to do it , but now phone running well , even with increased battery life . --all paid apps will be saved --use verizon backup to back up your contacts before you reset
this error is not just for the total storage , it is also for specific " mount points " like /data/data , for example , where the applications on the device store their data . if this mount point becomes low on space , because it is not given access to " all the storage " , then you will receive that low space message . you can uninstall apps that you no longer need/use or go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the data for apps that are using a lot , or you do not use often .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
it is often used to identify the unique phone , but often this is actually quite a bad idea . most apps would be better off identifying you as a user , who can use multiple different devices on one account .
many apps use the imei for analytics purposes , for example counting users . most tools like google analytics or flurry need a unique id per phone , so the imei fits quite well . note that this does not work on non-cellular platforms ( like tablets ) , and the imei can also be faked : this is why some apps choose a different system ( see this article ) .
one way to do this would be rooting the device , to obtain the " mms . apk " , and manually reverse-engineering it ( using tools like apktool ) , and finding the overlay that is showing the text edit area 's size ( and the step that naturally follows , increasing it : ) )
rooting the nexus 7 means that just some additional applications are installed , e.g. the su binary and the supersu app . both are not active in background , therefore i assume that your battery life problem is caused by a different app that had been updated or installed more or less at the same time .
line is a great messenger that works for pc and phone . it is also the second most populated app , i believe , about 100 million less users than wechat . http://line.me/en/
google hangouts . does text chat , video chat , and can even send and receive sms messages .
telegram does that . it is a valide alternative to whatsapp , the account ( and contacts ) are shared among every device you use . it also has some unofficial windows/linux/mac osx clients .
you can use whatsapp messenger on pc using blue stacks , windroy , youwave android etc .
mightytext is app that does what you asked for . and it is pretty popular , too ! i personally did not try it yet , but it was recommended to me several times . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.texty.sms
or you can use greenify to hibernate google pay store and services . ( only if your phone is rooted . )
you can use an app for automating tasks , like tasker , automateit , etc . here , for example , is a suggestion for a tasker profile that enables auto update only when the device is plugged in for charging . you may be able to find an alternative trigger that better suits your needs , like screen off , etc .
yes you can move apps to external on a sgs3 . ? i had this phone previously and used app2sd no problem simply download it from google play store , then once you open up the app it will tell you which apps can be moved to the external sd card . you can download it for free from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store?hl=en_gb
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
agree , ive seen it on my old gt-i9100 with the battery was " jumping aroud " . what you could try thou is a battery calibration . for example this seems to do the work : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ignisoft.battery.calibration ( thou i havent try this app , battery calibration have helped me before )
by process of elimination , i would try a different charging cable , failing that backup and factory restore ? if still not working you probably have a worn out or faulty battery , replace if removable . all else fails could be your charging socket or board related , in that case bin it and seek replacement .
i believe it is your battery which is at fault . i have seen this problem as well . how old is your phone ? also , you may try charging the battery separately once from an external charger . if the problem you mentioned persists , then you should get yourself a new battery .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
as i wrote in my above comment , one way would be : get adb working on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) download the .apk file to your computer switch on usb debugging on your device , and then connect it to your computer via usb ( order is important here : first enable the option , then connect ) use adb install &lt;file_name.apk&gt; to install the app for subsequent installs , you of course can ommit the first step , as adb should already be set up then : ) alternative approach ( untested ) : install some terminal app on your device ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) save the .apk to your sdcard start the terminal app , and run pm install &lt;/path/to/filename.apk&gt; again , the first step is only needed once . i have not tested that second method , so i am not sure whether it requires root or the " unknown sources " option . as adb install only seems to be a wrapper to pm install , the latter is not that likely .
go to the app drawer . at the top , you should see Apps and Widgets . click Widgets , and scroll through the pages . look for the weather widget . once you find the widget , long-press on it and drag it to your home screen . edit #1: here 's an example . in this case , i am using the accuweather app . and , i am not using the default launcher , but you should find something similar .
you can try exporting from sketchup to other formats such as dxf ( tutorial to do this in the free version here ) for which there are viewers for android . more information here .
as far as i know , no android devices ship with drivers for a usb touchscreen monitor . to make this work , you had have to find or write drivers for android , and they had probably be specific to the type of monitor . in the first instance you could approach the monitor manufacturer and see if they know of a driver for android , or are willing to give you the datasheets you had need to write one .
i get this after reboot on cm6 for applications moved to sd card . the problem fixes itself after a little time . i would blame a slow sd card , if you are not running sense .
quick and dirty way to reload your icons in htc sense ui ! change scene to anything else , then change scene back ! temporary fix till next boot or smth but that is the only way i know how to do it right now .
its a bug that htc have not addressed yet , it is not the same as the 2.2 model phones , and seems to only happen on this the latest versions of gingerbread . its not like the old thing where the executable has been moved to the sd card , as i have not moved anything and i still get it on some apps . it does not jsut go away , it is permamnet when it happens and the only atm to fix is to either reload your ui , or dump the desktop icons and replace them . c'mon htc ! ! sort it out
ok , there has to be at least one other contact , then there are these " three dots " .
the battery backed memory that holds installed apps is clearing when the battery goes dead . do not let the battery go totally dead like that . it kills off your battery life , unless you have already damaged it .
first thing to take a look at in cases like that is the color of your connectivity icons in the status bar . any color other than green ( &lt ; android 4.0 ) or blue ( android 4.0 and up ) indicate trouble with your connection to google 's servers . possible causes vary , and might include ( but are not restricted to ) the following : some ( temporary ) routing problem : if you have already got some terminal app installed on your device , you can check this with the ping command on some of the google servers , e.g. ping chatenabled.mail.google.com . no response , or huge packet loss would confirm this cause . if you wonder why it might work on a different device at the same time : they might use different local mirrors . some ( temporary ) " outage " of google services : if your internet is otherwise working , or you have some working internet available on another machine , you should be able to verify this with google 's dashboard . any outages/unavailibilities should be indicated here ( unless they just started whortly and the dashboard was not yet updated ) . trouble with authentication : these should usually manifest in frequent popups asking you to place your google credentials . you could of course try to solve these by deleting the google account from your device ( or by revoking its access codes to force it requesting new ones ) , and re-creating it – but i would not do that immediately . in many cases , this solved itself after a while ( or after switching to a different network , in my case ) . as the case of the op proves : most times this requires nothing but patience , until the issue " resolves itself " .
try flashing gapps on your phone . hope this helps
i have had a similar problem earlier . try connecting other devices ( android devices ) via the wi-fi or any other smartphone devices . this generally happens when the wi-fi connection has not been setup properly .
go to app menu , delete data for google play services , and retry .
i had same issue with my asus padfone 2 . no connection to google play . youtube and gmail worked . connection was tried with wifi and mobile data , neither worked . tried all the common answers , like emptied caches for play and other google software . did a factory reset a few times when nothing worked . finally took phone to service and they installed the motherboard software again . same version as before . this fixed the issue .
try " wipe cache partition " and " wipe dalvik cache " in recovery mode .
first delete data for google play . then open a browser on your android phone . and go to : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/12/05/download-latest-google-play-store-4-5-10-with-shared-play-store-activity-iap-indicators-and-more/ ( or simply search : android police latest google play ) download and install google play .
same thing happened with me : playstore stopped working and google account will not sync people details . here 's what i did and thanks god its fixed now : first of all try syncing you google account in settings if it does not sync properly : reboot your device turn off wifi ( in my case the playstore did not work in wifi but worked in data connection ) turn on your data connection clear cached data of google related apps now in sync folder in its menu choose sync all ( it would hopefully sync properly now ) open your playstore ( it should be working by now ) turn on your wifi and than try using playstore with wifi then if it does work turn off your data connection and enjoy using wifi
i am just now configuring my news on my tablet . each news source tile has a setting menu on the far right next to its name ( 3 vertical dots ) . pull that down by clicking , and select " remove " from the menu , if you do not wish it any longer . mine came with 12 pre-configured tiles , which i turned off way . it is easy to add them back from the " featured " list if you decide later to return to that news source . update:i am not seeing any direct removal of stories of the removed news sources when i first return to " read now " , but i believe i must click through to expire the stories already presented , and then refresh to have the content cleared . update2: well , that is annoying . there could still be a number of items in the queue from the first opening of the app with pre-selected news sources . i may have to click through them all to see when my preferences will be adopted .
you can only remove the sources that you have added manually ( via the my news tab ) . it seems newsstand is more of a discovery app , so it keeps putting in new stories from new locations based on your reading habits . i have been using it for a few months and it certainly has begun to know me a lot better , but then , i like receiving recommendations and discovering stuff . one thing i can not seem to remove is the purple and orange background stories , which , for me , seem to be local , current affairs and sports topics , which i am not interested in . this is because you can add a new source by clicking the '+' at the end of the story , but there is no '-' button to specifically remove a story that you do not wish to receive . the only way is to ignore stories/sources you do not want to read and hope that they will go away .
i get this very regularly , and the problem is usually down to the router but occasionally the nexus . in wifi settings , " forget " the connection details . reboot the router and phone . once available , connect to the network again and re-enter your details . on my nexus 7 , entering a static ip fixed the problem when i was at the edge of wifi range , but as you say you are near the router this would not seem to be the issue you are having .
i do not know if this is an android issue , so much as a wifi problem . a while ago ( before i got my android ) i had some issues connecting my computer to my wifi -- my computer sensed that the network was there , but would not connect . i was advised to reset the network . unplug all parts of the network : router , modem etc . hold your breath for ten seconds . reconnect everything . try connecting to your network again . this worked for my computer ; give it a try for your phone , and tell us what happens .
hm , 4 parts from different cameras -- looks like ip cam viewer is capable of that : not that hard to find : just entered " ipcam " in the search box at the playstore site , and clicked on the first result . you might want to try the others , maybe you find something even better suited for your requirements . or use this one to better restrict it ( ipcam + rtsp ) .
there is none in my knowledge . the good reason why its not there because if its applied to specific models then anyone who owns the same model and knew the code can erase your privacy . so its not a good idea .
there is no way to do this , although you could do it using sms . you would have to install an app like cerberus which allows you to send an sms to wipe your device .
the application bootloader ABOOT boots the android kernel/recovery kernel . it is the mechanism to download images onto the device from a host machine ( like windows/linux pc ) . on samsung devices it runs the odin protocol on the device . the primary bootloader boot part is a computer program that loads the main operating system or runtime environment for the computer after completion of the self-tests . the pbl acts as a communication engine to download the secondary boot loader ( sbl ) into the internal ram and then activates it . the sbl adds functions for erase and programming of flash memory and eeprom ; it also handles the actual download of new or updated software . this allows a minimum rom utilization by the pbl
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
( per originator in comments : ) pulled battery and also did factory reset . all now works .
there also is floatnsplit tablet keyboard ( for the tablet rather ai floatnsplit tablet keyboard ) which offers this feature : in addition to being able to split the keyboard , this one can also float with some transparency :
thumb keyboard allows for this , as well as many other handy features which make it well worth the money paid version 7 day trial version
swiftkey 's tablet version supports this ( paid , free trial ) . it has the letters split to each side and the numeric keys in the middle :
titanium backup etc just use in-built Package Manager (pm) to freeze an app . pm has a feature to prevent apps from running and from appearing in launcher . to use it , titanium backup etc execute following command : pm disable {package_name} you can freeze apps by yourself without using a dedicated freezer app . just use the above command in terminal emulator or ADB Shell . for example , if you want to freeze Stock Web Browser , open Terminal Emulator and switch to root using su command . then , execute # pm disable com.android.browser . it'll return #Package com.android.browser new state: disabled . done ! restart your launcher ( some devices may require reboot ) to see the app icon gone . to defrost the app , just replace disable with enable in the command .
i found how pm disable works : if you run cat /system/bin/pm , it gives : so apparently it is the same as the packagemanager we use from java , it is calling it - just in a root context that no user app can directly access . you can check if something is frozen , using getPackageManager().getApplicationEnabledSetting( the package name ) == getPackageManager().COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE_DISABLED) 
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
no need to change - language can be changed within the os . my only tweak was installing a better english keyboard from the play store , since the stock samsung one is not very good .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
try using the audiobook variant of mortplayer . i believe it ought to suit your needs . also - it is free . one of its features is particularly useful : list of 10 most recent events for each track ( where did you press play , stop , got interrupted by a call , activate the sleep timer , . . . )
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
yes . the text is blurry in samsung galaxy phone . if the text is not eligible in any apps you can use zoom option . or you can buy other costlier smartphones mentioned above .
one of my family members had the same problem , sd card misbehaving , then working for a few days , on and off . after a week or so the phone did not read the card at all and neither did the pc . fortunately i backed up the content of the card after the first problem . the card worked for about a month after formatting , but died eventually . i do not know what causes this . i do not know how to stop it . i know what you should do : a backup .
i assume what is happening is that you see the left and middle of the photo on the leftmost homescreen , middle in the centre homescreen and middle and right of the photo on the rightmost homescreen . in which case there is an app called wallpaper wizardrii which allows the cropping and stretching of wallpapers to fit so they do not scroll with homescreens . check it out .
you can try to press and hold the pair/reset button on the back of the revue for 10 seconds . source using the hardware button press and hold the pair/reset button located to the left side of the left hdmi port on the back of the box for about 10 seconds . the revue will then restart with factory default settings . using the menus 1 . from the home screen select applications . 2 . choose settings . 3 . select about . 4 . choose factory data reset . 5 . select reset device . 6 . select erase everything . the pair/reset button is the one identified by number ( 1 ) on page 3 of the logiteh revue manual .
with the helpful assistance from couple of people from xda developers forum i was able to fix the gps . i have found a modem file that was supposed to fix it in this xda thread , and did everything by the instructions there . all i had to do is download a .zip file that contains two modem files ( mk2 modem ) in it , and flash them in order with odin . after that i checked the gps with gps status app and it locked onto a satellite blazing fast . i noticed couple of hours later that suddenly the cellular signal was really weak in area that should have full coverage . so i flashed this modem ( bn4 ) and it fixed it ( and the gps also fine ) .
here 's how you can turn this off in most android builds : look for an app called " google settings . " by default , the icon will look like this : from there , choose " search and now " &rarr ; " voice " &rarr ; "'ok google ' hotword detection " and turn that setting off . if that does not apply to your phone 's os , you will need to provide more info . if you are running the os that came with the phone , provide the make and model . if it is rooted , provide the name and version of the custom rom .
if there is an app you like by that publisher , open the entry for the app in the market and select " view more applications " . or you can search by name : pub:"Google Inc." 
qrdroid does it for me . it gives you lots of options to share the scanned data , and even does the opposite ( generate a qr code out of an url or text , for example ) .
i prefer google goggles ( available in the market ) for qr scanning to download an app . the most recent version now " sees " the qr and automatically captures it ( older version required you to snap the picture before it is processed ) , then presents a link to the market .
barcode scanner is the best , you can also create qr codes to share with others on their website .
i use quickmark qr code reader . the most popular is simply called barcode scanner .
sometimes misbehaving apps need to have their data cleared out and a fresh start . go to menu -> settings -> manage applications -> email ( or whatever app you are using . ) click on " clear data . " try setting up the profile again . if that does not work , you may have memory issues as already indicated . good luck .
sounds like your phone might not have enough storage space .
this happened repeatedly to me , i am not entirely sure why . what worked for me was to do a " clear data " ( in the applications screen ) on the email app . when i recreated the profile the next time , it stuck . it may not work for you , but it is worth a shot .
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
carrier apps like wifi calling generally try to run constantly as a background service , and stay connected so that they are instantly available . beyond that , we can not be any more specific about why it runs all the time ( you might get specific details from the carrier , but do not count on it ) . if you do not use it and do not want it to drain your battery , remove it ! it is probably a system app , which means you need to be rooted to remove it ; you can use an app like titanium backup to remove it easily . another option is to allow it to connect . presumably it will stop " spinning " and trying to connect if you just allow it to succeed , and use less battery .
are the correct drivers for your desire installed on the laptop ? i am using windows 7 and with the correct ( 64 bit ) drivers installed , it just connects to the desire and sees it as a connected network adapter .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
i have an htc kaiser ( at and t tilt ) that i had google maps installed on . google maps gave me the number of satellites that it could see in parentheses at all times . when i used my phone 's internal gps , i would get about 4 satellites , when i would use an external bluetooth gps , i would get about 12 satellites . when i use my tomtom , i get about 7 . the number of satellites is the biggest deal for getting good location ; the more the better . i never tried an external gps antenna on my htc kaiser to see if it was just the antenna that was the issue or if it was something else . the program called " gps status " available from google play store , will show you how accurate your gps is at any given time . the number of bins with green bars in them is the number of satellites that your phone can " hear/see " at any given time and then it also gives you the accuracy in meters on the display .
assisted gps ( agps ) chips that you find in most cell phones require some assistance from the cell phone network ( the towers ) to get an initial fix . no matter how accurate they are , they will not work well without a cell tower in range compared to a stand-alone gps chipset .
the gps chip used in the android devices ( usually sirf star 3/4 ) are of civilian grade . civilian grade chips has some deliberate limitations in par with military grade chips . the civilian chips does have some intentional errors called " selective availablity " . hence , whether it is android or iphone or bluetooth gps receiver or a dedicated unit which could be handheld or the one in car comes under civilian category which cannot be more accurate than 20 meters under the best possible satellite lock ( of course , with agps it can be improved ) . please check the wikipedia article which says " . . . improving the precision of civilian gps from 100 meters ( 330 ft ) to 20 meters ( 66 ft ) . " iphone uses broadcom 's bcm4750 chip and android phones ( samsung galaxy s2 ) uses sirf star 4 . interestingly , a web page claims " the published steady state position accuracy of the bcm4750 is 2m . " , which in my opinion could not be correct . in this research publication it is said as " iphone 4 exhibits an offset ( of about 20 metres ) " , which seems to be more scientific and correlates with the wikipedia page . however , all these talks are about hardware aspect only . it is the software that reads the input from chip , processes it and displays . if it is not doing a good job , well , still it spoils the show . so , finally my answer would be again be a question " if all these civilian gps devices cannot be accurate by more than 20 meters , does it mean anything to say x is good and y is bad ? ; - ) " update thanks to @ropo i observe that selective availability is indeed removed . here is the official statement , which says : selective availability ( sa ) was an intentional degradation of public gps signals implemented for national security reasons . in may 2000 , at the direction of president bill clinton , the u.s. government discontinued its use of selective availability in order to make gps more responsive to civil and commercial users worldwide . the united states has no intent to ever use selective availability again . in september 2007 , the u.s. government announced its decision to procure the future generation of gps satellites , known as gps iii , without the sa feature . doing this will make the policy decision of 2000 permanent and eliminate a source of uncertainty in gps performance that had been of concern to civil gps users worldwide . please take a look at a question at stackoverflow as well .
if you are comfortable using the command line than you could use the directions in can i trigger a media scan via the the command line ? pass file:///sdcard/usbStorage to the media scanner . i can not test this for you so let us know if it works .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
yeah , i had a similar problem with my samsung galaxy nexus after downloading some apps i had developed without testing them on an emulator first ( whops ) . take a look at this question:phone restarting over and over after rooting samsung galaxy ace s5830i . i know there is not an accepted answer but you might have some luck with it . i had to reset mine and that seem to do the trick but if not i would recommend the safe reboot described in the linked question . the actual problem is probably caused by an over load maybe of to much memory required for the graphics ( as it was in my case ) . i would just be careful when downloading apps not from google play , especially any sort of game that uses a lot of ram and cpu . hope this helps . cheers .
for some reason , my contacts were sorted by organization and name , but something happened that my contacts were linked and the organization name dropped off . if you go to those contacts that just show number , click edit , then link , and then from the drop-down , select the organization name . . . too much work for something that was working fine , but that was my work-around .
on my evo when i add a contact with an organization and no name the organization is the displayed name . maybe try going to a contact and hitting edit ? this might get the phone to prepare the contact .
on my htc magic , i just put the business name in the contact 's name field , then have all the businesses in a contacts group called " businesses " for when i want to find one of them quickly . to be honest this is also the way i used to do it on my old palm , too .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
for the current version of google maps ( 7.2.0 ) set Settings &gt; Google location settings &gt; Location Reporting &gt; Off on your tablet . for more details see the google help page . for an older version of google maps ( 6.14.4 ) i found : Settings &gt; Location settings &gt; Report from this device .
this is probably overkill and might not even work , but you could root your tablet and install cyanogenmod , which lets you revoke permissions for individual apps . so you could revoke permission for latitude to access your location on the tablet , but leave the rest of the app running . this may just cause it to crash , though .
if you go to settings in your latitude , under location reporting it gives you the option " do not update your location " . another option is to just turn off the gps on your tablet , this way it will not give your position in latitude .
under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google, Privacy &gt; Maps &amp; Lattitude , i have disabled the option " report from this device " on my nexus 7 tablet . this makes my phone the only device to update my location .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
it is an official update , so the signature should be perfectly valid . there are a couple things to check : you did not mention where you saved the update . zip . make sure it is in the /sdcard/ folder -- try viewing it via a file manager on your phone to ensure it is there . i assume you have done this already , but make sure your bootloader is unlocked . the download might have been corrupted . try the download again , and verify its validity with the md5 sum ( 3e8908941043951da5a34bb2043dd1a0 ) what is your specific model number ? perhaps this update does not work for your model . you can try this 2.3.6 for the gt-i9023 / gt-i9020t : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/1ada25375426.signed-soju-ota-189904.1ada2537.zip or this 2.3.6 for the gt-i9020a : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespoa/0b9c8148de0d.signed-sojua-ota-189904.0b9c8148.zip
i use an app called airdroid which allows me to upload folders/files to my android phone . it is not done via bluetooth , however . it is done through my 4g connection .
there is currently no way of accessing the history without a device that has a scrollwheel . for some reason , google did not implement any ui or touch screen functions with the history , and therefore the only way to access it is to scroll down with a scrollwheel . there is a bug report here . there is an improved calculator app from cyanogenmod called cyanogenmod calculator , which has a history . ( the link should work but is untested since google play throws an ssl certificate error on my current connection )
sadly there is no such option in the official gmail app . you can try using a third party mail client with more options such as k-9 mail : http://k9mail.org/
well , yes smtp headers can be seen over the gmail apps . login to your e-mail account ( which i am sure you are logged in over your gmail app ) . click over the email you wish to see headers on . on the upper right portion of the message box , you will see a reply or reply-to-all button , with a small downward pointing arrow . click the small arrow . you will see the message sub-menu , and an option for " show original " click " show original " is that you are trying to do ?
i thought proprietary software can not be distributed alongside a gplv2 linux kernel which android runs on top of . no , the so-called " viral " nature of gpl does not apply to things that are merely distributed together : it only comes into play when statically linking gpl and other code into a single binary . including non-free kernel modules and non-free apks in a linux system such as android is perfectly fine . if it were not ok , this would be a problem for desktop linux distributions as well , which often rely on non-free drivers for certain hardware ( most commonly gpus ) , and non-free user-space applications ( such as skype ) .
there are some incompatibilities between android devices and wireless routers . i have seen the same behavior on a couple of wlans and some even go to " acquiring ip address . . . " and then disconnect . i suspect that your phone works well in other wpa2 secured wlans ? i have not so far seen a comprehensive list of non-functioning routers , but at least one netgear and a locally-branded cisco cable modem with integrated wifi have failed for me .
try this , for it happened to me and a nexus 7 . my wireless router had the option of having the network run in wpa/wpa2 personal or just wpa2 . in wpa/wpa2 the nexus 7 was stuck in a loop connecting and disconnecting from the network . switching this to wpa2 only solved the problem for my nexus 7 . it may help in your case too .
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
you obviously took a screenshot by accident . since you also have google+ installed , all pictures that are saved on a special place ( in this case the ' camera shots ' album ) are automatically uploaded to your google+ album , but not published . you can turn off auto upload of pictures in the settings from the google+ app .
it might be caused by a notification set for a calendar event ( or a task , if you have a task organiser that integrates with the calendar ) . i found that if i dismissed a calendar notification , it would continue to activate but it would not appear in the notification bar ! i had to go through my calendar , look for events with notifications , and disable any outstanding ones that i found .
just uninstall hangouts . the app will go back to the old gtalk
as far as android is concerned , they are the same app , and hangouts is just a new update for talk which happens to change the user-facing name . ( apps also have a package name , which is how android decides if they are the same app . ) it works like any other update : it completely replaces the old version in your phone 's internal storage . like any other update , once you have updated , you can not go back to the version you had before . but in this case , talk is an app that is built into your rom ( assuming you are not on a custom rom : if you do not know , you are not ) . like any other app from the rom , you can uninstall all updates and go back to the original version . to do this , go to the settings app , go to the apps page , find hangouts in the list of apps , and click uninstall updates . this will not restore the version you had before the update : it'll go back to the original version that was on the phone last time you did a system update . ( if you have never done a system update , that is the version that was on the phone when you took it out of the box . ) there is no guarantee that such an old version will continue to work .
sometimes you need to lock and unlock the tablet to have it connect . if you are running any sort of task manager , disable it . can you post some screenshots ?
is it charging ? if not check the cables and replace them or check if the usb port is not damaged . did you try to unlock ( android device ) it after you connected it to the pc ? it wont be displayed to the pc unless you unlock it .
its easy . . talk to a person that willing to be an admin in the group . after you selected the person . remove everybody in the group except you and the selected ( next going to be admin ) . makesure just left two of you in the group . and then remove yourself from the group . automaticly the last person will be the admin . last but not least the new admin have to select all the joiners or members of the group that been removed by you ( ex admin ) back to the group . so makesure he/she have all the numbers of the group before you make the move . thats it .
long press the group chat and hit " delete and exit group " - your chat will be deleted and you will be out of the group . someone else will be auto-selected as the group-admin in your place .
as izzy said internal storage usually refers to /data , it is the partition where apps are installed and where they keep their private data . also /storage/sdcard0 could be part of internal phone memory , called phone storage it is an emulated sdcard ( i can not tell if in your case that is emulated sdcard or real ) to make a raw backup of your data you need to know which block contains that partition , you can check it with this command : cat /proc/emmc  result should contain lines like this : emmc_p7: 001a4c00 00300000 "usrdata" emmc_p8: 004a4c00 0358dd00 "fat"  this gives you partition number p7 , now you can use this command to list blocks :  cat /proc/partitions  result should contain :  179 7 1572864 mmcblk0p7 179 8 28077696 mmcblk0p8  in this case to backup /data aka emmc@usrdata contained in mmcblk0p7 block you can use this command : dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7 of=/storage/sdcard0/usrdata.img  supposing sdcard0 is working properly and there is enough space . after that usrdata . img can be mounted in a linux box with : sudo mount -t ext4 -o loop usrdata.img ./folder  p.s. you might check how to use adb so you can open a console on your computer and issue commands to your phone connected with usb .
" internal storage " usually refers to the /data partition . unfortunately , your output is a little " cropped " and thus not easy to read ( might be helpful to copy/paste it as text ) . it should correspond to the line reading emmc@usrdata /data ext4 rw,relatime,noauto_da_alloc,data=ordered 0 0  which unfortunately does not show the block device ( unless emmc@usrdata can be addressed as such ; guess the missing character in front is a / ? ) . interesting fact to see is your /system partition is mounted read-write as well – usually it is mounted read-only , so it should not be affected by such trouble . /cache can be ignored ( or simply wiped/formatted without losing any data , as it only holds " temporary stuff" ) . the */vold/* devices usually refer to your external sdcard , just for completeness , and entries using a file system like tmpfs or devpts are also safe to ignore ( they are created on-the-fly on boot ) , similarly for rootfs , proc , sysfs , and afaik also cgroup . using this rule , there is not much left to " backup and copy " ; )
whilst it is possible for apps to make themselves available to be searched , each applications needs to be updated to implement app indexing in order for them to show up in this list . i do not think it is possible to add additional providers without the apps themselves being updated to support this .
have a look at this application book catalogue
goodreads has an app for this that works with their website , which includes book reviews and recommendations as well . you can sort books by shelves , which can correspond to physical shelves if you choose ( e . g . living room , bedroom , lent out to a friend ) .
i know an answer has already been accepted but i just wanted to add that you can also use es file explorer ( i am not the developer i just know some prefer it to astro ) however you must download the es bookmark manager in order for it to work . in order to create the shortcut just long-click on a folder from within the app and select " shortcut " from the context menu . a shortcut to that folder will appear on your home screen . if you do not already have the " bookmark manager " installed it will prompt you to download it from the market hope this helps
the file jump app provides the functionality to create shortcuts to files directly . you can create home-screen shortcuts to your images and then drag them into home-screen folders - just an option !
if you install a file manager app like astro file manager you can put any files into any directory you create , including pictures . then all you have to do is make a shortcut to that directory on the home screen .
are there really some 2.1 phones out there that are very slow , say , using the speed of the evo as a benchmark ? yes , absolutely . i can not play angry birds on my htc hero running 2.1 because of poor performance . the game plays fine on my wife 's newer evo . my advice would be to see if you can buy an old used handset to test your apps on yourself . that way you will be able to head off any negative reviews by targeting devices where you know your app performs well .
currently on the nexus-5 stock launcher the ' google experience launcher ' or ' gel ' for short , there is no way to customise the app picker / app drawer . you could install a free third party launcher such as nova launcher which i have checked and it has a ' list ' option , or apex launcher the potential downside to a third party launcher is you will lose the google now integration on the left most homescreen and the ok google functionality .
more of a photography question than an android question , i think . remember that hdr is high dynamic range , essentially your camera takes 3 ( or more ) pictures at different exposures : one normal , one bight , one dark ( ev -1,0 , +1 ) . it then combines all of these to create an image that represents what ' what your eyes see ' by bringing out the dark parts of the photo with the light copy and dimming the bright parts with the dark copy ( a simplified explanation ) . with the images you have shown me , it seems as if you are shooting directly into a light source , and while this works if you want to shoot a silhouette , it is not the best option for hdr style photography unless you have control on how to edit the highlights/shadow -essentially photoshop type post-processing . this is not very conducive to hdr imaging , and thusly will produce ' bad ' ( not desired ) images . i would suggest taking a picture where the light source is behind the phone ( not aimed at the lens ) as a hdr comparison . to explain for the difference between stock camera hdr and best hdr pro , my thoughts go to the hdr algorithm . i assume that both apps have a different way of processing hdr images , and from the looks of it , the stock camera is using an algorithm that avoids the use of noise while best hdr pro is pushing either iso or brightness up to give a more hdr like look . like i stated before , take images with light coming in from different directions and try to take images with quite a bit of detail ( flowers , landscapes , ect . ) to get a good comparison . that should help you decide on the performance of the apps themselves .
you are probably not in the us , right ? seems that google maps 5.0 is not yet available in many countries ( just like google reader for android ) . meanwhile , you can use a link to the . apk file here : http://thegadgets.net/technology-news/download-google-maps-5-0-apk/ download the apk file , copy to the sd card , and open with e.g. linda file manager . hope this helps .
i just successfully downloaded the update from the android market : http://appaware.org/app/com.google.android.apps.maps http://www.zdnet.com/blog/cell-phones/google-maps-50-rolls-out-for-android-with-3d-and-offline-mapping/5145?utm_campaign=android+-+google+newsutm_medium=twitterutm_source=sns.analytics
this is not an android problem at all . you can simply run the commands from flash-all . sh by hand , changing each one to name fastboot by its full path , or you can set the $PATH in your shell . PATH="$PATH:/Applications/Android Developer Tools/sdk/platform-tools/" ./flash-all.sh  you should also check that the fastboot executable is executable . this probably will not be the case if you have extracted the files onto a non-ext partition . the following output is a correct example : note the x in the fourth column , and that the files are owned by the user i am running as .
he probably is talking about the galaxy tab . most non-android-enthusiasts tend to refer to anything that runs on android as " droid . " there are a number of android tablets available right now , and as you saw motorola is releasing a tablet at the beginning of 2011 , but the only one available through verizon is the galaxy tab so that is probably what he is talking about . if you are going to give him advice , i would say the most relevant difference ( that he may not pick up on from comparing the specs ) between the two tabs is that the galaxy supports flash and the ipad does not . there is lots of other differences but most people do not understand the implications of this . for example , my friend bought his wife an ipad for her birthday not too long ago and she hates it because all she wants to do is browse all her shopping sites , most of which turn out to be powered by flash .
broadcom , qualcomm , imagination 's powervr , nvidia 's tegra , and arm 's mali gpus all have partially ( mostly ) closed-source drivers . in general , the only open-source code in the driver is any vendor extension to the gl and egl header files , and a gpl'ed shim that can be loaded into the kernel to allow it to communicate with the binary-only driver . vendors often contribute related code to upstream projects , though , such as x windows direct rendering code , or the android graphics subsystem . most of the gpu vendors are afraid that open-sourcing their drivers will reveal details of how their technology works , which will provide leverage for patent trolls to make spurious claims that parts of the gpus or drivers infringe their patents . for this reason , it is unlikely that any drivers will be open-sourced fully unless/until this risk changes . there are no rules for open-sourcing all the code for an android device . it would be very difficult to make a completely open-source device . even if gpu drivers were open , most ( if not all ) cell radios have binary-only firmware for regulatory reasons : if you could change the drivers , you could make them run on illegal channels , or exceed the maximum permitted transmit power .
if you have a folder with a bunch of images you surely do have albums in your phone . astro is a file manager ( it focuzes on managing files , not on the aesthetics of the gallary ) ; gallery ( default gallery app ) would do the task . but if you like , you can always try a light weight photo gallery app quickpic via this link to arrange your albums nicely .
just create a new folder , and put some pictures in it . the gallery app will detect and show that folder automatically .
well , that is hard to say . its either your phone , your headset or both of them . i would say : go to a shop , ask to test a new one . if they work : buy them , its just your headset . if they do not work : test your headset in another phone . if they work : it is your phone . if they do not : its your phone and you headset .
titanium stores the . apk 's in /sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ and the data in the same folder in zip files . you can click the . apk to install it when viewing in a file manager . to restore the data , you can extract the zip file on a pc and copy the contents of the data folder ( another folder named something like com.domain.appname ) to /data/data/ on the device using adb : adb push com.domain.appname /data/data/
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but you should have something similar to this : System settings &gt; Connections &gt; More Networks &gt; Tethering and portable hotspot &gt; Portable Wi-Fi hotspot .
i do not have a 4 but i have an original 7 . you can get a reboot on the 7 by pushing and holding the power button until it reboots . so try that . sometimes you can go to the shut down menu and long press where it says shut down , but that may just be mods . but if it were me i would try those , just to try it . :- )
i found one solution : adb reboot this requires connecting the device to a computer , so it is not perfect , but it works pretty well if i just want to reboot it when i go to sleep .
the x86 android* 4.4 ( kitkat ) emulator system image enables you to run an emulation of android on your development machine . in combination with the android sdk , you can test your android applications on a virtual android device based on intel architecture . source : android* 4.4 ( kitkat ) x86 emulator system image
it looks like there are no android 4.4 images ready yet for this . in the download area of the android x86 project you can find a couple of images and more , starting with android 1.6 ( donut ) and currently reaching up to android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) , and also other useful resources . might be worth checking there again later , as i would expect they add 4.4 as soon as they have an image ready for that . i am not sure whether the genymotion project ( the " next generation " of androidvm ) offers some image downloads as well , as checking would require one to sign-up first . genymotion is another vm solution , which afaik works together with virtualbox . it should be quite fast and stable , is based on android x86 , and available for macos , linux , and windows alike .
here is a link for android 4.4 : android-x86-4.4-rc2 . iso android x86 is still in beta , the above link will give you rc2 . on 8/8/2014 , they released version r1 . you can always go to http://www.android-x86.org to check for new updates .
if you go to www.androidx86.org and click on releases , it will direct you to a list of releases that can be downloaded . http://sourceforge.net/projects/android-x86/files/release%204.4/ is where the android x86 4.4 rc2 iso is one such link that androidx86 . org will direct you to .
the genymotion web site says , speaking of android 4.4 , " we are finishing baking this hot new flavour . . . be ready ! " . as of this post android 4.4 is not yet available via genymotion or androidx86 to my knowledge , although both claim to be working on it .
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
you can remove them , you just need to root your device and then download titanium backup and you will be able to clean them out completely ! 1 ) how to root your phone ? depends on your device ! 2 ) stop updates ? go to apps , find samsung apps and there you have an option to specify when to update them ! choose none and you are good to go .
you cannot remove those apps normally . what you can do is - disable them , at least you will not be getting annoying notifications . open application manager -> all -> chaton and click on disable if you really want to purge them . you have to root your device .
desktop and server systems have a completely different usage model , and they have system administrators to mediate access between users and applications ( by setting appropriate group permissions , etc ) . with android there is no room for that kind of thing - your biggest target user base is completely non technical , and security is a must . so things default to high security - no app can fool with another 's data . further , mobile apps tend to be small , and focused on one task , so limiting them to just their own data is not much of a hardship .
why does every application run as a separate user ? because android enforces a far stronger process isolation as traditional ( desktop ) operating systems like unix , linux or windows , while still allowing interaction between applications ( ipc is one of the strengths of android ) secured by a good security model . if it is for security reasons , so that one application cannot harm another ? it is mostly for privacy reasons , but also comes in handy from a security perspective . the strong isolation of apps in android guarantees that no app can affect another app . why is it not like that in the desktop linux distros ? most modern desktop multi-user systems have the focus on isolating users . processes are also isolated , but not as strong as on android . for example , if you install a program on linux or windows , it will have full access to your private user data . on android , if not special permission is granted , it will have only access to its own data . a while ago , the fact that android apps that request the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission also get access to the users pictures residing in /sdcard/DCIM was a big shop stopper . somehow , nobody seemed to remember that under a normal gnu/linux or windows installation , every installed app that is run by the user has full access to it is private data . android is a few steps ahead compared to traditional operating systems when it comes to permissions and access control for normal end-users . typical linux installations for end-users do not expose those features yet . likely because nobody has written nice , user-friendly guis for them . and if there will be ever another windows version after win8 , we likely see a similar permissions system there too .
that is rather a shell scripting question to be asked at super user . your answer can be found here : extract filename and extension in bash : should work on most shells , supposedly . update : you can even omit half of your script by adapting this to your original statements : dexopt-wrapper $i1 ${i1%.*}.odex should create the file with the correct naming , so no need to rename it later . to make your script real short and handy : that is all you should need : )
the issue persisted even after the 2.2 upgrade . switching to touchdown is one reasonably inexpensive alternative .
i would suggest using k-9 mail , a much better email app than the built-in . on my imap4 accounts , the notifications are cleared when the phone pulls the emails again . have not tried this with a push account , but i would imagine it will work with a possible delay of your pull interval .
how often is your exchange email on your phone syncing to the exchange server ? it may not be going away because the sync is not set soon enough ? my guess is that it does not know that the email was marked as read until it syncs back to the server .
the problem went away after the ics update was pushed out .
i found out that the " save " button is grayed out if you use a space instead of separating bypassed address with comma . just use a comma and type the address right after the comma ( dont use space after comma ! ) .
the " save " button greys out until you enter both the host name and port number of the proxy server . as soon as you enter those , the button is back and you can save the settings .
i think you missed the password . fill password , then enable proxy to manual then type the proxy hostname and then the port . the all three need to be filled for the connect button to be enabled .
you just need to create a . vcf file on your sd card and copy that to your android phone or using your sim card when you copy contacts select ' move original ' to sim from phone or connect your handset to your pc via pc suite and sync . connect your android phone to your pc and transfer them to it
first try syncing all your nokia 's contacts to phonecopy . and then install phonecopy to your android . and you are done . http://www.phonecopy.com/
this may or may not be helpful , depending on how much samsung has changed the keyboard , but i can get the guillemets this way : press ? 123 to get to the number/punctuation keyboard long-press the " key to get a popup with non-english quotation marks : &bdquo ; &ldquo ; &rdquo ; &laquo ; &raquo ;
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the stock keyboard has these characters . ( i seem to be mistaken - see comments below . ) when you bring up the numeric keyboard ( from the 123 sym button bottom-left ) , you will , above this same button , find what appears to be a one-third , which is not a fraction , but the indicator that you are on the first of three symbol keyboards . click until you are on 2/3 , and find your characters just above the space key . an image of the specific keyboard ( s ) may be seen below :
apparently the stock keyboard does support it , as wbogacz 's answer shows . i was not aware of this , as i never used the stock keyboard . evidently those are not guillemets on the stock keyboard . i do not believe the stock keyboard supports this . you will need to use an alternative keyboard to get this functionality . using an alternative keyboard is another way to get this functionality which is a bit easier to access . one keyboard i know of that supports it is hacker 's keyboard , which is the keyboard i use myself . to type « and » on that keyboard , you do a long press on the circle button ( at the bottom-right . it acts as the compose key in this context ) , release it , and then type &lt ; &lt ; or > > respectively to get ‹ and › , you do the same and type . &lt ; or . > an exhaustive list of all the supported compose key combinations can be found here .
try to flash stock android 2.1 update1 rom on nexus-1 and then dial this code : *#*#2432546#*#* in your phone/dialer application to receive system updates via fota . once you have updated to your desired version then proceed with rooting . . . .
does this help ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=715799 . i remember going down the rabbit hole here some time ago and getting the right binary and installing it on my nexus one . hope this helps . ps - i would have left this as a comment if i could ( not enough reputation :- ( )
if you un-root your phone you should be able to tell it to re-check for updates and then re-apply the update . hopefully you used something like a recovery image to backup your phone before you rooted it , if so then you should be able to restore that backup to get yourself back into an un-rooted state . ( depending on the type of backup you took originally , restoring it may or may not overwrite your current user data , make sure you use all the available tools to backup any data you care about before restoring ) now you are unrooted you can go through the normal android process to check for ota updates : you can see if there is a pending update by clicking the system updates option at the top of that screen ( this will only show the available updates if your phone already knows about them , it does not go back to google/network ) . there is a way to force it to go back the google/the network if an update you are expecting is not showing : go to the homescreen . tap on dialer - to open the dialer screen . from the dialer type *#*#checkin#*#* ( that is *#*#2432546#*#* ) after a few seconds , you will receive an alert notification , accessible from the homescreen window shade " checkin result success " . return to the homescreen . press the menu key . select settings . scroll down , and select about phone . select system updates . if an update is available , you should see the update downloading . when the download is complete , you will be prompted to install ( now or later ) . you can now re-root your phone ( after backing up again ) to get your hebrew interface back . if applicable you should be able to re-use the tools you backed your data up with to get it back again .
the easiest way would be to install ROM Manager from the market . it is a fantastic application written by the guys that created cyanogenmod . from this app , you can download and install vanilla roms and custom roms with a few clicks . highly recommended .
factory reset is the only option that you have . but be sure that all your data is backed up . if you are running on android 2.1 version then you can try erazzer free this app to change the primary google account . but to use this app your phone must be rooted . as you are running on android 1.6 resetting the phone is the only option you have . before doing anything just do a backup of all your data on your phone .
as a fellow android 1.6 user ( i am on an htc magic ) , i can confirm that there is no easy and safe way to change the google account that your phone links to . anything you have saved into google contacts , google calendar , etc can be exported and imported into your other account fairly easy , other settings and data are not so easy . factory resetting your phone is the only real option here , note that if you have bought any apps from the market you are out of luck here . the factory data reset option is under the sd card and phone storage menu , and you really need to be careful about using it for the reasons above .
should be pretty easy . just go to Settings &gt; Accounts &amp; Sync remove the ' dummy ' account add the real account you can even leave the dummy there for now . android supports multiple accounts . note : i am running android 2.1 so the menu options may be slightly different , but the idea and results should be the same .
try this : Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications scroll down till you find “google apps” click on it . . . simply hit the " clear data " . . . .
you do not say which lenovo tablet you bought , but according to this review lenovo have disabled multiple user profiles on their yoga 10 tablet in android 4.2 , but may be re-enabling the feature when they update to 4.3: the lenovo yoga tablet launches on the android 4.2.2 operating system , which brings most of jelly bean 's goodness - that candy-based name being the generic term for android version 4.1 to 4.3 , ahead of kitkat 4.4 's launch - but there is the notable exception for multiple user profiles . that is coming , but you will need android 4.3 and we do not know when the yoga tablet will receive this update , which is already available on some smart devices . so it looks like this is not possible on the tablet as customized by lenovo at the moment . why they have done this i do not know , but one common downside to manufacturer modifications and customizations to the android os is that they often make things look flashier but work far worse than stock android . one alternative is looking into loading custom roms that could give you back the feature , but this is a big step if you have not done that sort of thing before , so personally i would not recommend it . see these questions for more on that : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? and what are the advantages of a custom rom over rooted stock ? . alternatively , you could load a second facebook app onto the device that has a different facebook login saved into it . you can only load one copy of the official facebook app on the tablet , but there are quite a lot of third party facebook clients out there in the play store .
seems to be a google issue . there is a blog post on swiftkey 's support site . essentially : the issue is that google play installs paid apps in a particular location on your phone and that in some versions of android ( particularly 4.1 on samsung devices ) this location is not available at the point in the boot process where keyboards are being switched on . so your phone does not know that you have swiftkey , and it defaults back to the phone’s keyboard .
swiftkey recommends : place the swiftkey icon on your home screen , then resetting it as your input method will literally only take two clicks . this is a known issue in android code , and as per https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34880 will be fixed in the next version of android you receive . ( paraphrased for clarity )
the issue has been reported to swiftkey who have responded with the following : we’ve worked with google to determine the cause of the issue . after researching this in depth , google has told us this is a regression in the android framework . they’ve also assured us that this will be resolved in a future update to the android operating system
if that happens on linux the reason is usually that the adb daemon is unable to write to the usb device in /dev . for more information see this answer on stackoverflow .
have you installed the relevant adb drivers for your device , and is it in usb debugging mode ? if that fails , then you could always compile it and copy it to your device , and install it using a file manager .
i had the same issue , mine is not rooted too , this worked : go to settings , apps , all , and then look for contacts ( not phone contacts or sim contacts , is the one that has the contacts icon ) , then force stop , erase data . restart phone to restart contacts app and it will work properly ; ) hope this helps !
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to wipe data for the contact application . there by you will reset the contact app 's settings as well as the contacts . there by you can start fresh . however , if you had synced the contacts before this step , you can again sync to get back your contacts .
the only affordable and reasonably accessible motion sensor i could find is the belkin wemo motion . ian mccracken created an inofficial sdk for the wemo called ouimeaux ( docs , pypi ) . my current plan is to write a tiny application running on a raspberry pi that uses ouimeaux to respond to a signal from the wemo motion and send a push notification to the android device . and then an even simpler android app that responds to the push notification and wakes up the device and turns on the screen . ( the latter might also be doable with tasker instead . ) as a second step , the relevant parts of ouimeaux could be rewritten in java and then it would be possible to connect straight from the app to the wemo , making the raspberry pi superfluous . improvement suggestions welcome , of course . in particular if you know an existing way to wake up an android screen from a python/shell script/otherwise trigger push notification . that sounds too trivial to require writing a new app .
you might want to check out wimoto . they are small , and cheap , bluetooth sensors that come in a few flavours ( temperature , motion sensing , liquid detection etc ) . they say that there is an android app incoming , and that there is going to be an sdk released in the near future for it . then again , if you want something more simple ( and your tablet has a front facing camera ) you could simply use an app . for example ( just after a quick search so have not used it ) camera trigger . hope this helps .
just to let you know i have some up with a simple solution it combines an app from the app store called motion detector by jastrzab : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.motion.detector then install a plugin called turn screen : https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b59hfszaavytyndqqznxwvbkaxm/edit?usp=sharing install both apps . open the motion detector app and turn on " send " at the bottom of settings . click on motion detector ( at the top ) and then scroll down to " camera " and select " front " . open the turn screen app . click the only button to make it active . open android settings , turn off the lock screen or select " none " . change the sleep settings to time out in the desired time . turn off daydream . open the app ( or home screen ) you want to have displayed on the screen when the tablet wakes , and you are all set ! wait for the screen to go to sleep and walk by or wave at your camera and it will wake it up . works great during the day or with the lights on . i am currently working on an external pir motion sensor that will allow the tablet to wake in darkness . simple design so far just uses a cheap pir sensor and a small led light mounted below the camera . when i walk by the pir triggers the led light allowing the camera to see , which triggers motion . hoping to figure out how to eliminate the led and just run the pir directly into the tablet using the headphone jack or usb on the tablet . suggestions welcomed .
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
it depends on the device . some devices have a safe mode , whereas some do not . if it does have a safe mode , the combination would most likely be in the instruction manual . on my old lg-gt540 , pressing home and power booted safe mode . remember that this functionality can sometimes be broken when using a custom rom .
this will help . i got stuck on that too ! ! http://www.apnaarticle.com/htc-one-enter-and-exit-safe-mode/
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
depends from which version if for example your going to update to 4.4 . x then yes you should do it . version 4.4 . x has a big leap on any device . check out this kitkat 4.4 . x other versions not so much for example samsung released 4.3 and from 4.2.2 it has downgraded performence . hope it helps .
upgrade to 4.3 one more time from official 4.3 . zip . i had the same and that helped me .
i had the same issue with the . zip version of the ota i found on xda . what worked for me was removing the google account from settings and re adding it .
go to download mode and flash galaxy s2 firmware/recovery using heimdall or odin ( over usb ) . there is no other way .
i have solved this issue by going to contacts > display options > select contacts to display > check all
you have not mentioned your android version , if it is android 4.0+ , i fear you cannot do this . there is no option to show contacts with phone numbers only in People app that is included in 4.0+ . if you are on gingerbread or earlier versions , you have a setting something like this : Contacts app - &gt; Menu -&gt; Display Options -&gt; Only contacts with phone numbers  i am talking about stock android apps , your manufacturer / rom builder may have a tweak depending on what rom are you running . i do not see a chance , but still a possibility . see this similar question .
do you have contacts on your google account ? if yes , re-login , and load from google .
the moto x does not support t-mobile 's wifi calling . customer support reps have stated that this is because it is not a carrier branded device , meaning they have not modified the system rom to add this feature : the moto x does work on our network but because it is not a t-mobile branded device we do not support wifi calling on it . you will either need to set up some other voip service or get a different phone that supports this .
the short version of @gathrawn 's nicely complete answer : there is no requirement that nokia 's lumia fails to fulfil in order to be able to run android . the problem is that ( 1 ) nokia has not released an android version compatible with the hardware ( ie , no drivers/firmware for the hardware for android ) and ( 2 ) nokia is fully partnered with microsoft , and so unlikely to either release the info necessary for third parties to develop their own android version for the lumia , nor release an android version themselves as it would violate their agreements with ms to sell phones with a ms os .
because microsoft owns nokia and microsoft 's windows phone and google 's android are strong rivals . https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2013/sep13/09-02announcementpr.aspx
just because something is technically possible , that does not mean that it will happen . a large company needs a good financial reason to do something expensive like porting a new os to their devices . and even if there is a financial reason to do it , they may still be stopped for political reasons . in this case the political reason is the overwhelming reason that nokia themselves have not released any android devices , or given any public support to porting android to their devices . back at the start of 2011 microsoft and nokia formed a partnership around windows phone , some points below excerpted from their press release announcing this : nokia and microsoft today announced plans to form a broad strategic partnership nokia would adopt windows phone as its principal smartphone strategy , innovating on top of the platform in areas such as imaging , where nokia is a market leader . nokia and microsoft will combine our strengths to deliver an ecosystem with unrivalled global reach and scale . part of that agreement ( the bullet point above ) was that nokia would ditch their own smartphone os development efforts , and adopt microsoft 's windows phone os as their main os . back before that agreement nokia had a number of smartphone os 's , their main one was the ageing symbian os that came out of a previous industry partnership that included nokia , samsung , motorola , and sony ericsson . they also had internal efforts to create other smartphone/device oss such as meego ( a linux based os ) , and maemo ( also a linux based os ) . development on all of these was either halted , massively cut , or handed off to other companies after the microsoft agreement . more recently ( in september 2013 ) it was revealed that there was an internal team in nokia that were secretly testing android on their lumia phones , as a backup option in case windows phone failed : but nokia 's experimentation with android was not limited to the bottom of the line : the company was also testing google 's platform on its mainstream lumia range to hedge against the possible failure of windows phone . microsoft became aware of that particular effort , but as the testing was early on in the windows phone partnership , it is not believed that it contributed to microsoft 's decision to purchase nokia 's device business . quote from the verge article : nuclear options : microsoft was testing surface phone while nokia experimented with android a team within nokia had android up and running on the company’s lumia handsets well before microsoft and nokia began negotiating microsoft’s $7.2 billion acquisition of nokia’s mobile phone and services business , according to two people briefed on the effort who declined to be identified because the project was confidential . . . . on one level , nokia’s android effort is not shocking . companies often have “plan bs” in the works in case they need to change course on strategy or want to help negotiate better terms with partners . getting android to run on nokia’s hardware was not a herculean engineering effort , according to the people familiar with the project . still , a functioning nokia android phone could have served as a powerful prop in nokia’s dealings with microsoft , a tangible reminder that nokia could move away from microsoft’s windows phone software and use the android operating system , which powers more than three out of every four smartphones sold globally . . . . the current status of nokia’s android project is unclear . presumably , after microsoft completes its acquisition of nokia’s phone business early next year , there won’t be much future for it . excerpts from the new york times article : behind microsoft deal , the specter of a nokia android phone even though it seems that nokia have done a lot of the work to get android running on these phones , the political and financial realities of their partnership with microsoft will mean that the results of that project are unlikely to ever see the light of day . right now microsoft are in the process of buying nokia 's entire phone division , and obviously microsoft have no interest in selling phones running android , so nokia are unlikely to release any phones running android in the foreseeable future . for other info on known efforts to port android to devices that did not originally come with android , see this other question : can i install android on my non-android device ? the short answers are : nokia have not and probably never will release any official way to install android on their devices . they have been close partners with microsoft for years ( and are now being bought by them ) , microsoft want them to use their own competing phone os . android is open source , so yes , you could potentially install it and get it running on any hardware that meets the minimum specs , but before you can do that you ( or someone ) has to put a lot of work in to researching how all of the ( probably bespoke , custom and non-standard ) hardware works so that you can write drivers for that hardware and compile the os for that processor and architecture . some manufacturers that specialize in android devices and want to be hobbyist friendly release their android drivers to the public , or provide information and help for the public to write their own . nokia have no incentive to do this .
so this turned out to be a pretty easy fix , once it dawned on me what it was . i just recently installed the xposed framework , and the xprivacy module . when i uninstalled the old hangouts , it must have deleted all the old permission settings in xprivacy , and then when i reinstalled it , it defaulted to maximum restriction . with access to the phone accounts restricted , hangouts was not able to see my google accounts . the fix was as simple as fixing the permission settings for hangouts in the xprivacy module .
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
( this may be os version dependant ) if you go into settings -> applications -> manage applications , you should be able to click on any app whether you installed it via the market or " side-loaded " it , and there is a permissions section if you scroll down that lists them all .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
the same happens occasionally on my galaxy s , usually about 5-10 minutes after plugging in . if you can handle the dev tools , you could try charging the phone from an usb port while running logcat and checking what goes on around the time the phone activates , or if the screen turns on only when charging from a wall socket you could run aLogcat on the phone while charging and then try to see the reason , but it can be a bit tricky on the phone .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
i had this problem when i had sipdroid installed -- every time its connection dropped and came back up , it would turn on the screen . you could use an app like titanium backup ( requires root ) to " freeze " an app , and see if the problem stops . if it does you know what app is the problem . then uninstall it , or turn off background sync for it or something if that might be the problem . tb can uninstall system apps , but be careful which ones .
probable answer by guessing what you are doing : if all those unwanted pictures are also displayed in the galery , and you use some " media-importing-software " ( as opposed to just copying files in explorer yourself ) : this importing software is probably contacting your android device 's media server for " media of the type image " , so it gets all images returned the media service knows about . no big help up to this , but : you can tell the media service to exclude directories from its library by placing an empty file named .nomedia there ( the leading dot is essential in the file name ! ) . as soon as the media scanner finds that file , the entire directory it resides in ( including all subdirectories ) is skipped . if there are any pictures , videos or sound files , they will not show up in the galery ( but you still can access them via a file browser if you want ) , and the media service will not even know they exist . so the next time it is asked for " all media of type image " , those files will not be mentioned .
i do not know about the twitter app , but if you are willing to use this site : https://ifttt.com/ then yes , it is possible . at this point ifttt does not appear to let you push tweets by a user other than yourself , so will not accomplish what is being asked .
you can go un-official , cm7 works great on it . . . a gb aosp rom more info here
wipe data will wipe everything on your /data partition ( hence the name ) . a factory reset will wipe the same ( additionally also cache and dalvik cache ) , and put your device back to a virgin state . usually , this does not touch the ( external ) sdcard , and afaik should not touch the internal sdcard either . i do not know on which partition your mentioned folder resides ; but if you want to be on the safe side , back up everything to the external sdcard ( or even better off-device , e.g. to your computer ) .
it deletes /data files . if you have a backup in mnt/shell , it will not be deleated . also , you can restore your backup after factory reset .
its a critical situation . if you are rooted , use titanium backup to take out contact storage . it displays storage item entries with green color .
the exact location of the contacts database might depend on your manufacturer 's " customization " . while " plain vanilla android " has them in /data/data/android.providers.contacts/databases , the stock rom on my motorola milestone 2 e.g. uses /data/data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db instead . a raw mask to check for is /data/data/*.providers.contacts/databases/*.db . the file is in sqlite3 format , and can be browsed on your pc with e.g. sqliteman , which is available for linux , mac , and windows alike . with this application you can browse the database in a graphical mode . of course you also can use the command line sqlite3 client if you prefer . crucial point to directly access this database is that your device must be rooted -- a precondition you already meet , as your question states . so you can either use a file manager to navigate to the database file , and copy it to your computer for investigation -- or directly pull it to your computer via adb pull . a third option would be to investigate it directly on your device , e.g. using the sqlite manager or asqlitemanager app .
if you do not think it is necessary to flash a radio then do not do it . at least i heard that it will not make any difference to your phone storage and speed . but somehow if you have connectivity issues like dropped calls , wifi connection not searching or gps does not seem to work then surely you need to flash the radio to another version than you are using at the moment . if you want to see which radio your phone is working on go to settings > about phone > baseband version > see the last some digits and then search for your phone like htc desire latest radio etc . . note : i recommend you should read more about radio before flashing it . sometimes there is a chance to brick your phone but do not worry if you have searched enough of it you are not going to lose anything . at least give a weekend or two to search for tutorials on forums like xda , android central , google , wiki etc . . happy flashing
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
phone service carriers will sometimes update the firmware on your radio . for reasons unknown , improved radio firmware is not always made available to customers . the radio firmware will , through software , increase your service coverage , giving you better signal and battery life .
as a side note on radio firmwares beware of upgrading them without having seen a test of the version on your network . sometimes new radio firmwares add features for some network providers that result in worse bandwidth , disconnections and other disagreement if you use them on another network . network operators do not provide phones with such broken firmwares ( they wait for the next version or just provide the same radio firmware forever ) but if you install them yourself it is a risk you take . but if you want to use the latest firmware all the times before your network operator or phone manufacturer provide the update you may need to take this risk ( video crashed the htc desire when used with all but the latest radio rom on froyo . . . )
if your device is no more in an area where it can reach gsm network , the notification led will blink ( in white if you installed lightflow ) . still with lightflow installed , the dark blie/violet blinking is the notification of a new sms .
i have solved it ! ! ! it is easy when you see someone using this tablet . in this video , jdx s7300 testing with shadowgun , you can see how to set the controls in the 1:30
short answer to your questions : in many cases , the camera app itself offers to chose the storage for images/videos . check its settings for an item called " storage " . if it is not there , you could try to use a symlink of the DCIM folder to the sdcard . that is a case for app2sd -- but depends on whether the apps support it or not . you can check this e.g. in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps . if supported by the app , you should be able to move it out of the " system space " from here . as for where an app is installed by default , mostly depends on two things : what the developer specified in his apps Manifest for the install location ( see app install location in the developer 's documentation ) what the user defined in the android settings as default install location ( see e.g. how to install android apps to the sd card by default and move almost any app to the sd card ) related information : install apps to sd card by default setting default install path in android ( xda-developers ) set the storage card as the default install location in android (socialtimes.com)
almost everything in the full logcat is an error . i would suggest going a full wipe of data and cache and then reinstall your custom rom . there is no way to know for sure that the part you posted in the original question is the one causing the reboot . they system rebooting may not allow the actual app that is causing it to write to the logcat . you are hiving errors in everything from telephony to the installer . it sounds like there is something in the system that is causing a problem , see if clearing the data and cache fixes it , especially if you never cleared it before switching from one rom to another . based on your comment that you have tried clearing the cache and data , i would suggest then to try and clear the battery stats . this can be done in clockwork recovery , i think there are apps in the market that can do it too , but i dont know if you can get to those as your device is rebooting all the time . if that does not solve it , i would try a different battery because if you have cleared the cache and data and also tried multiple roms and still have the same problem , then it sounds like faulty hardware .
though i am responding late , i too faced this problem today and could figure the call setting by following procedure below : press the phone symbol from the home screen settings button and select ' settings ' . under other call settings select ' additional settings ' caller id is that what you are looking for ? hth
ok i answer myself : after installing samsung drivers you need to find oem ? ? . inf file that contains ssudserd.inf comment out all references to wdf stuff version 1.7 and decomment the ones referring 1.9
since xvid is just an mpeg-4 type , that is a very good bet . there are probably phones that natively decode h . 264 as well , but given its relative newness and google 's recent disapproval of it , it is not as likely . for more specific information , we had need the model of your phone . you can also just google " droid x chipset " or " htc wildfire specs " , for examples , and then when you find the video chip/processor just google whether it decodes your codec of choice .
http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html some devices may play more formats , but these are supported by every phone .
if you want to add a shortcut on your home screen to your downloads folder or any other folder for that matter get astro file manager ( free ) . the app is pretty useful on it is own , but it also adds the option to create a shortcut directly to any folder on the homescreen . to do this , simply long click on the homescreen , choose " shortcuts " , then choose " astro " then choose the particular folder you want a shortcut to . i had astro for a while before i realized i could do this because the option is deceiving . at first look i thought it would create a shortcut to the app , not to a specific folder like it does . edit : after reading keith 's comment i realized you are probably talking about market downloads . in that case do what al everett said .
yes . open up the " market " app , open the menu , and choose " downloads " .
just open the marketplace and under menu , you will find downloads . another suggestion , if there are apps you use a lot you can create a shortcut to your homescreen by long pressing on an area of the homescreen where there is room for an icon , select shortcuts > applications and pick anything to save to your homescreen . i made a few folders on my homescreen of apps , for example one is called games , one is called utilities . then i filled them with the apps i use most . long press on the homescreen , select folders > new folder , keep it open and press on the application launcher , long press on anything you want to save into your folder and it will save there .
with ice cream sandwich , i have a new app in my app drawer called " downloads " which brings me to a list of recently downloaded files . obviously you can drop this as a shortcut on your home screen .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
some causes and answers . . . you leave a high-cpu using app/game paused or running . apps and games can and do continue to devour battery if left running . if you are going to step away for awhile , make sure to exit out of any games or apps first ( particularly any that usually cause the phone to get warm while using ) so they do not unnecessarily become power vampires . cellular/data signal hunting . especially with lte phones , if you are in an area with bad signal the radio on the phone will continue to try to make connection and will drain the phone in doing so . putting the phone in airplane mode before leaving it for extended periods will stop the radio from ' hunting ' . too many background activities ( or updates set too often ) . twitter , facebook , email , etc . . . setting how often they communicate with their servers ( like switching from every 5 minutes to once an hour ) can make a big impact on battery savings .
use an app like better battery stats to track down the issue and find the culprit .
indeed , overriding certificates it is one of the most popular ways to compromise https . so , if your employer can succeed to create a certificate that fools the app , it can easily perform a mitm attack . some links to check about mitm attacks on gmail app : [ 1 ] : http://www.networking4all.com/en/ssl+certificates/ssl+news/android+apps+vulnerable+to+man-in-the-middle+attacks/ [ 2 ] : http://bgr.com/2011/08/30/iranian-government-said-to-be-using-mitm-hack-to-spy-on-gmail-other-google-services/
yes , there are many advantages . your phone 's usable ram memory increases from 555mb to 625mb . camera zoom is possible , but only digital zoom is available . so it is of no use . all your old apps will work fine in jb , but games will lag unless you root your phone . upgrading to jelly bean if you are in india will void warranty . there are no official instructions to update . you will have to do it manually . if you are new to android , get help from someone who has android knowledge . otherwise , you may end up bricking your phone . i would suggest you do not upgrade , because jb update for s advance will be available in india soon .
try a different home screen manager . launcher pro does this on my phone for email and texts in the app shortcuts in the launcher bar . i do not use google tasks , so i can not speak to that one particularly .
you should try different launchers . most of them are better than the stock ones . so e.g. : apex launcher , nova launcher , launcher pro , and go launcher ex support adding notification badges . the best todo app i have ever seen is any . do to-do list and task list . give it a try .
some sites which you recently visited are stored on your browser memory as cache and cookies , so when on slow speed data connection it comes up as a plus point because sites load in a second . try this : clear cookies and cache and now try to load the same site on edge . it will take long !
when loading a web page there are two different aspects to the speed . first is how long it takes the beginning of the request and response to traverse the network . this is your latency ( usually referred to as " ping time " and measured in milliseconds ) . second is how long it takes the bulk of the response to follow . this is your connection speed ( usually referred to as " bandwidth " and measured in bits or bytes per second ) . if a page is relatively small , just a few tens of kilobytes , then the latency will play a bigger role in the page loading than the bandwidth will , and a " slower " connection could " load " pages faster .
that is not a play store compatibility error that you are getting on your device , that is an install error which says that it is having problems installing the app on your device . the play store only checks some basic specs of your device ( like os versions , screen size , ram size , whether or not there is a camera , etc ) it can not tell remotely whether or not there is a problem with your device . there are a few threads on the internet that talk about getting error 942 when installing apps , and they seem to suggest that it is a problem with the googleapps on your device . either there is a data corruption in the gapps , or there is a problem with the version of gapps you have got installed . see some of these for more info : xda : play store - error code 942 xda : apps not available on market and cannot be installed manually and others the two main solutions that worked for people are clearing the application cache on google play services , and google services framework : to clear the app cache : go to settings > apps > all then find the following entries in the list google play services , google play store and google services framework go through each of those and select force stop ( if available ) and then clear cache the other solution that has worked for people using non-standard roms and installs like yours are to double-check the version of the google apps package that they have downloaded and installed and make sure that it really is the right version of gapps for their device and os version .
what i am really trying to accomplish right now is finding if there is an equivalent of diskutil on android . i just want something simple enough to do disk erases and formatting , etc . . if you specify your question a little bit it might be easier to answer . you can both erase files and format partitions straight from the terminal . you remove files with rm , for safe deletions there is also shred . if binaries are not on your phone , you should be able to just install them to /bin/ or /usr/bin/ formatting in linux can be done for example with the fdisk command , some more info on that here , or as always you can do man fdisk ( probably not on the phone terminal though as manuals might not be included ) . also , in relation to the other reply on busybox : what is busybox ?
the android terminal emulator uses busybox linux . hence you should look at the busybox commands to find out what all you can do with it . follow this link try this command fdformat device eg . fdformat /dev/sdcard
adapted from are there any risks to rooting a device ? does it have the potential to brick the device ? yes . flashing bad software is the easiest way to brick your device . a failed flash or one that gets interrupted may also brick your device . sometimes things just go wrong even if you do everything right ; flashing software manually is not something for the faint of heart . some devices are easy to " soft brick " but difficult to " hard brick " . a soft brick is when the device fails to boot and you need to resort to flashing firmware , often through a manufacturer tool like samsung 's odin , to fix it . a hard brick is when it is totally broken ; this usually only occurs if you overwrite the device 's bootloader . will it void my warranty ? if you flash a custom rom , you void your warranty . if you flash a stock rom over top of an " unaltered " ( e . g . , never rooted ) stock rom through the manufacturer-approved process , then you should be safe , but flashing stock under other circumstances is no different from flashing a custom rom . will i stop getting updates ? for stock roms , no , not in general . you will not get stock updates for a custom rom , but the custom rom might have its own updates . can i go back to the stock rom if i am unhappy with the custom one ? generally , yes . most guides you will find strongly recommend doing this when your phone is in recovery mode before you actually flash the new rom . from recovery , you should be able to restore your stock rom in all its glory should something go wrong during the flashing ( but you can still boot in recovery mode ) or if you are dissatisfied with your current rom . finding the right stock rom for your device online is going to be much harder after the fact ( and you can never be sure if it has not been tampered with ) , so be sure to do this before doing anything else .
while it is generally safe there is always a chance that something goes wrong and your phone will be broken . installing custom roms also voids your warranty so if for whatever reason you need to have it repaired you will need to restore the original firmware , but that may not be possible if you have hardware issues . do not be discouraged by this . if you follow the instructions to the t , the chance that something breaks is about the same that you will win the lottery ie . nonexistent .
the screen is usually the largest consumer of battery on any device , as it takes the most power to run . some suggestions i can give about battery drain is to make sure that you are turning off wifi , bluetooth , and gps when you do not need them . they are also large consumers of battery . apps like twitter , google+ , and facebook that either check frequently or receive push notifications frequently will also cause drain . you did not say you do specifically , but if you use a task killer to stop tasks from running in the background , you are probably causing more harm then good when it comes to conserving battery . this is because even if these apps are " running " in the background , it does not mean that they are actually " active " . if they are idle , they are not using any battery at all . killing them causes them to exit incorrectly , and when the device needs information from them , it now has to go through the entire process of starting the application back up . this will use more battery then if the app was just idle and responded to the request that it was asked . this restarting of the applications that are killed by task killers can also cause the " slowness " you are experiencing . there are a lot of system services that sit idle in the background , if you kill them , the os may check for these services , as they are registered to be running , and the os will restart them . this will cause memory to be allocated to restart these services , and the cpu needed to run their initialization processes . then if you have something like an auto killer , it will see the service starting and the entire process starts again . this basically never frees up the memory these services are using because they are always being restarted . also the cpu is also always doing the initialization work , and there may be some network communications going on during the start up as well . all of these will cause battery drain , and the device to appear to be running slow .
i know ow hard it it to find the right camera and software combinations for cameras . i have written a few proprietary java applications for just such a thing . i have found that ipcamviewer is a okay app for looks but man that guy has added support for just about every camera known to man ! it is a really good app in that sense but lacks a professional feel to it . but i would stick with that app as he continually updates it and if you have a problem and email him he usually addresses it in the next iteration . one of the better companies for streaming video is axis their video encoding solutions is one of the more configurable options . each encoder runs a webserver and if you know a little linux you can get on the server and reprogram web pages and even the java serving up the images . they also have solutions for standard cameras . so depending on cameras you may have to buy a special camera and take the output to an axis video encoder and stream it to your phone . i have done this with some really special cameras like flir ir camera ( cost is around $80k ) , and sony and hitachi low light cameras . there are some really good network cameras too , like sony 's hd camera and the multiple ones that axis has .
as of very recently , this no longer is possible . flash for android is no longer supported , upgraded or offered by adobe . there are hacks available for installing older versions of flash , but given the security holes this opens up , installing an expired version of flash is probably a really bad idea .
yes , you can play amazon prime videos using flash in the browser . see this thread . per the thread , you may have to remove the stock flash and install adobe 's official version from the market , as well as the dolphin hd browser . you can rent movies from amazon , which presumably use the same framework as prime videos . it would probably be advisable to rent a movie to verify it works before investing in a prime membership .
it sounds to me like the flashing wiped out all the info your phone had about local satellites -- the good stuff it retrieves itself , not the agps crap :p . if that is the case then hopefully this will help ; this a process i have used on my samsung vibrant . ensure gps is disabled go to lbstestmode hit delete gps data go into application settings change start mode to cold start back out to the home screen , then reboot your phone enable gps go to lbstestmode hit get position test . let this run to completion ( normally a good 15 minutes or so ) &mdash ; the lat/long info will get filled in and you will see [*] next to several of the satellites it finds , the more the better . this will work best if you go outside and walk around . back out and go into application settings again . change start mode back to hot start . reboot and , hopefully , enjoy your functional gps .
select the ' mass storage only ' option in the usb settings and then connect the cable . if this does not work , you can connect your laptop and your phone to the same wireless network and use airdroid to transfer files wirelessly from your laptop to your phone and vice versa using a browser on your laptop . both devices just have to be connected to the same wireless network ( with or without internet access ) . hope this helps !
your best bet might be to get an app to sd app off of the playstore . here 's an app you can use . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.app2sdhl=en if you do not have enough memory to install it in the first place , check here
there are mail headers for threading ( in particular i am thinking of References: and In-Reply-To: ) , why not use one of those rather than trying to overload something else ?
you can re-share your friend 's post using friendcaster for facebook app . simply install it and use it as your primary fb app . its better than official fb app in many aspects . . update ( november 2012 ) : in recent version of official facebook app , this feature has been added . happy re-sharing !
adding extensions will solve this type of requirements . but chrome for android does not support any extensions yet . look https://developers.google.com/chrome/mobile/docs/faq or else you can use dolphin browser to achieve this . it supports extensions . if you are willing to use dolphin browser instead of chrome , use this auto reload extension . you can set time intervals in it .
update [ 2013-04-30 ] : i believe the reason i am still able to access ipv4 websites , is because of dns64+nat64 . the public ip address i am getting from http://myglobalip.com is the public ipv4 interface of the nat64 gateway . i think the answer to this question is : t-mobile uses some sort of transitional technology called 464xlat to provide ipv4 connectivity over an ipv6-only gsm wireless network . there is more information about 464xlat at this url : https://sites.google.com/site/tmoipv6/464xlat . ultimately , it does not seem possible to disable ipv4 functionality altogether . obviously , doing so would break a lot of applications from functioning properly , but i really wanted to do so entirely for testing purposes , to see what would and would not work . the part that confuses me is that the 464xlat rfc requires a " clat " daemon , which i do not believe exists on my stock galaxy nexus 4.2.2 jelly bean rom . with this in mind , i am not entirely sure what sort of configuration i am running . here is the 464xlat rfc . if i use an app called network info ii to view network interface information for rmnet0 on my galaxy nexus , i can see that i have only an ipv6 address configured . in fact , the app even has an ipv6 " tab " specifically designed for viewing ipv6 information . i cannot see any ipv4 information when i have selected ipv6 as the apn . more t-mobile ipv6 information can be found : t-mobile ipv6 is here and now top free apps on t-mobile ipv6-only network
you can get this information inside wpa_cli . open wpa_cli in wifi-direct interface and do a scan and scan_results as below . you will get small info about connected peer ( device address , channel , rssi etc ) . hope this works !
i would assume that the app listings were changed so that they do not show up for users with certain phones , os versions , or carriers . the best way to tell for sure might be to try installing one of the apps from the market website , like ebuddy , and seeing if it gives you an error ( and what the error says ) .
it seems like the content rating filter on my phone was the culprit ! i recently updated my phone to froyo and the market 's content rating filter was added after the update ! just set it to " all applications " in the market 's settings screen .
only way i found around it is to find the conversation in the normal gmail web interface , scroll all the way to the bottom where it says " n deleted messages in this conversation . view messages or delete forever . " where n is a number and press " delete forever " . certainly not a satisfying solution .
i had this problem on a galaxy nexus with version 4.6 of the gmail app . clearing the app 's data via settings > storage > apps > gmail > clear data forced gmail to reload all my messages , and when the troublesome threads reappeared , the drafts were gone .
samsung has their own calendar in touchwiz , it is not the " stock " calendar . and from what i remember , you cant change the color of the calendars in the touchwiz calendar . i stopped using the touchwiz calendar and bought " business calendar " - there is a free version too that has ads and missing a couple features like " drag and drop " . it works great , and has a good home screen widget too . i used it as a replacement for the limited calendar in touchwiz , and now that i have a rom that has the " stock " calendar , i still use it .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
i read similar reports lately , related to titanium backup . . when it runs , it kills apps to back them up , causing the phone process to restart . if you are not running something similar , i would recommend using usb debugging and the sdk to capture log data . . known as " logcat " in the android world . oh -- here 's an easy way to capture and review log data on the device without the sdk -- is it feasible to disable the sim pin requirement to avoid the problem in the meantime ? could replace it with the android pattern lock to retain some security .
we will reliable is somewhat subjective . but i can recommend app brain ( play store app ) and app aware ( play store app ) . app brain provides some additional features compared to the play store and app aware allows you to follow app streams based on a topic ( games , sw development , etc . ) . both try to suggest you apps based on the apps that you have installed . and both are not a new app market , they just redirect you to the play store if you want to install a app .
i have found the solution . the original image size was huge ( about 2600 pixels wide ) . so i used photoshop and transformed this image to 960 x 480 . now the image looks the same way when set as lock screen or home screen wallpaper like below :
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
have you enabled the mac filter on your router ? if you have then you should disable it or enter the mac adress of your s2 in the routerconfig .
i figured things out . for one , after i added the iptable rule , i needed to reboot my phone for it to apply ( which i was not doing ) . secondly , i needed to use the lan mac address ( not the bssid/wireless mac address ) in order for the iptable rule to work . thirdly , i downloaded afwall+ . it allowed me to set it as administrator to prevent uninstallation . the only thing missing is that the developer needs to password protect removing the app as administrator . then i downloaded android terminal emulator . in order to find the lan mac address for the connection that i am looking to block , i typed this into the emulator : arp -n  then i used the mac address that was given in the terminal and put that into this rule here to be place in " custom scripts " in the firewall : $IPTABLES -A INPUT -m mac --mac-source 00:00:00:00:00:00 -j DROP 
might be worth a shot to try this : $IPTABLES -A "afwall-reject" -m mac --mac-source 00:00:00:00:00:00 -j DROP  the switches in iptables are case-sensitive . replace 00:00:00:00:00:00 that with the mac address of the bssid that is transmitting wifi beacon packets , and password protect it to prevent mitigation attempts in trying to override it .
i had this problem and even sent my arc to a service centre for repair who said it is fine . i was about to send the battery in for examination when i noticed black marks on the gold contacts . i cleaned the contacts and it is never restarted since ( in around 7 months )
you need to update your phone to the latest firmware 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . i bet yours is 4.0.2 . a . 0.58 if you can not update the phone over ota or pc suite , use wotan to update the phone to 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . the reboot problem occurred on nearly all se xperia models .
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
from the bbc 's iplayer mobile faq : programmes can be played through a wi-fi connection . customers with 3 uk and vodafone ( except for those using android , apple or symbian 3 devices ) can also access programmes via their 3g network . the bbc is working to make bbc iplayer available over more 3g networks . this seems to hold up with my testing using both the website and the app , i am on vodafone uk and get this message on 3g on the website : please switch to a wi-fi connection to play this programme . 3g streaming of bbc iplayer programmes is not currently available for this handset . and in the app : please switch to a wi-fi connection to play this programme . presumably the bbc are just checking your connection type and can see it is not a wifi connection , they are not aware of the reverse tethering you are using and so are just treating it as if its a 3g connection . does your company have a wifi access point you could connect the phone too , that would eb the easiest way to get round this , and i am presuming if they are happy for you to tether the phone to the pc , then they would not have an issue with employee 's devices hooking up to their wifi .
are you sure you need tor for all youtube videos ? if you only need youtube access , then you should try alternative lower latency circumvention techniques , like alternative dns providers or a vpn . tor should be used when you are worried about your government even knowing what you watch , meaning countries like iran , china , syria , etc . case 1 . you care about speed and access , but not really privacy . you should first try bypassing your nation 's dns servers by simply setting a dns server outside the country . opennic and opendns are cool , albeit maybe slow . google has some faster ones . etc . all these options worked fine in turkey . if your country blocks more than dns then try using a vpn based outside your country , including free ones like vpnreactor . vpns are slower than simply bypassing a dns block , but almost any vpn should be faster than tor . or even a dedicated youtube proxy . case 2 . you care about privacy more than speed . use tor , preferably tor everything mode . there are security risks with using youtube 's flash app through tor , probably this specific issue does not impact youtube 's android app . yet , maybe tor 's " select apps " mode does not adequately handle the ndk , where youtube 's codecs probably live . if so , that is harder . try a browser maybe ?
have you tried powering it off and charging it for 6 hours ? if not , that should be your first course of action . if after charging it still does not power on , you may have either a bad charger or a dead battery ( or some other strange bug i have never run into ) . if you have a different charger , give that a go for 6 hours and see what changes . on my galaxy note 10.1 i have had that logo show up when i have very low battery . it will not actually power on until the battery is partially charged once you have taken the battery all the way down to zero . also , youtube : https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=4cad=rjauact=8ved=0ceqqtwiwawurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dl1jrrvcq8f8ei=3hpsu9lioiqiyasgmocwdwusg=afqjcnh9b0sbxk8q_fwhhpnvunhmlmcxxgsig2=lvcdhd3b7ilrufw4gpimqabvm=bv.71667212,d.aww
do not ever believe that ios or android cannot get viruses , they may be less susceptible to viruses just to the simple fact that there are significantly less viruses for mobile platforms as opposed to say windows . i strongly advise against going to websites from google images . i have battled for countless hours with other computer viruses that people got from browsing images from google . try downloading avg from the play store and running a few scans , i also suggest periodic cleanings with ccleaner ! best of luck
in short . yes . they are plenty of malware sites out there , targeting android devices . i recommend avast or bitdefender .
if you mean logged by your phone company then yes any calls that go over their network will be logged and billed to you . if the 3rd party app uses voip or something similar they will not log it as a call but then you also will not be billed for it except for the data charges . if you mean logged on your phone so you can check it in the call history then that depends on the application as it is possible for an app to edit your call history .
i had a similar problem when i still had my palm synchronization software installed . for some reason or another , it used comm port 4 for it is communication ( do not know why but it did ) , and that conflicted ( probably behind the scenes ) with the communication with my galaxy s . once i uninstalled the palm synchronization software , the connection went fine . so please check if on your pc some sort of other communication device is installed .
per userguide after you connected the usb cable on mass storage mode , you need to go to the shortcut/notification/usb cable connected then mount .
after searching for a long time and trying a lot , i found a solution : resolution unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the number *#7284# . once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . also choose uart -> pda and then uart -> modem mode . the good mode should be modem for uart . even if the mode is modem , switch to pda and then back to modem ( uart ) . plug in the usb cable . note : this is not only for samsung galaxy 3 - android phone , but it is also used to repair the usb connection for any samsung android phone .
if you were previously developing on your pc , do you have usb debugging enabled on your phone ? that uses a whole different set of drivers than the normal usb drivers , these drivers are available as part of the android sdk download . to check if you have usb debugging enabled , go into settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging and take the tick out of the usb debugging box . if you turn off usb debugging , then it should be able to connect to your pc using the standard usb mass storage device drivers .
make sure your device is not connected to your pc . uninstall any drivers you currently have installed for it . reboot your computer . install the appropriate drivers from this xda post ( supports more than galaxy s ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=7238660postcount=1 install kies from samsung.com's galaxy 3 page http://www.samsung.com/uk/support/detail/supportprddetail.do?menu=sp01prd_ia_cd=23020100prd_mdl_cd=gt-i5800dkaxeuprd_mdl_name=gt-i5800 connect your device to your pc .
i would highly recommend leaving the ota update . instead , download and install a custom pre-rooted 2.2 rom . this one from modaco would be a good choice . alternatively , check out some of the options on the xda forums or consider cyanogenmod if you are not so attached to htc 's sense overlay and would like something closer to ' stock ' android . you should not lose anything with the modaco rom , though i found i needed to wipe if switching between sense and non-sense roms . check out titanium backup if you would like to make restoring your apps easy and always do a nandroid backup before flashing a new rom . if you have not already , download the rom manager app from the market to make flashing roms and managing back ups a breeze !
if this is a standard ota update then you should not lose anything at all , and the update should take less than half an hour , just make sure that your battery is fully charged before you start . all your apps , data and configuration should stay . the only exception to this is where things have changed between eclair and froyo , so some of your apps may not be compatible with froyo ( though it is been out long enough now that is very unlikely ) . yes , you will lose your root status , but should be able to root again afterwards , provided your chosen root method works on froyo , or you can find a different rooter that will work if not .
@michael . jefferys use titanium backup to backup all of your apps and their data when switching to a new rom .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
short answer : no , proxy apps available on the playstore all need root ( to my knowledge ) . but you can use the native proxy -- even with android 2.1 . longer answer : as liam wrote in his answer , an explicit proxy requires kernel level access . but android has a native proxy built in . before android 4 . x , its settings were simply hidden . so all you need is access to its settings page -- which is what some apps provide , as e.g. proxy settings does : from the app 's description : it provides a set of tools to ease the access and the modification of the proxy configuration into your android device . proxy settings offers to the users a set of tools to check and troubleshoot the selected proxy configuration proxy settings works with android 2.1 and higher .
there is no way to change this for just one app , but it can be changed globally by increasing the dpi value . you will need to be rooted to change the dpi value . this app will change your device dpi . you will have to play with different values , but take a nandroid first ! edit : i played around with dpi values and 240 will force the phone ui mode for apps . remember that this is global , and that it will make the app drawer look strange , as well as disabling the users feature .
not too smart are you ? if you could do what you are trying then you had be able to read anybody 's messages just by knowing their phone number . whatsapp needs a sim card to work .
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings → apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
you can search and download " samsung s5770 android 2.2.2 firmware " in google or forum . xda-developer . com in samsung s5770 section , you can get official rom and custom rom there , then flash it via odin ( if official ) or via custom recovery if custom rom
basically , it tricks the android os by using symbolic links and a large file formatted as ext2 , rather than partitioning or formatting your device storage . in this way it is very safe . i have used it several times on several roms on my galaxy s with no problems .
settings > applications > development > stay awake
this is because the recent applications list only displays the applications activities . in android , an activity is the " window " of the application . google talk and gmail always run in background , as a " service " , not an activity . the application activity is killed by android when it is not used , and this is the case with those applications , even if they still run in background .
google talk and gmail each behave this way . i found this out by asking here actually . so when you drag down the notification bar , gmail and google talk will not appear in the recent apps list . however , you will see them in recent apps if you navigate to them using an application launcher . i am not certain if the same is true for google voice .
i do not see anything in the settings . possibly you could hack the app and replace the font , or you could try another music player . lack of internationalization sucks .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
well , generally most of the ssh clients i have used work fine ( e . g . juicessh / ssh droid ) so i would really recommend changing . if you are really determined to do this then you could use a separate ssh program in a terminal ( not sure if this will work ) or you could try setting up multiple ip addresses on the linux laptop . let 's say you have an ip address like 192.168.0.7/24 then ( if you own the network or have permission to use the other addresses ) you could login as root and do ip address add 192.168.0.8/24 dev eth0  then you will be able to login to the same laptop on a different address . you will find plenty of tutorials on the web for setting up ip addresses on linux so i will not go into the full details . i should probably also mention solutions such as the linux programs screen and dtach which allow you to have multiple shell sessions on one terminal . those are probably in many ways better for you .
if lenovo did not change the stock messaging app : open Messaging and press the Menu in the down-right corner and choose Settings . scroll down to the Notifications section and uncheck Notifications .
i gave up and did a factory reset . since then , the phone has been working for 5 days in a row . . . so it seems like at least the reboots are gone ( i hope not to jinx it . . . ) . i have also noticed that since the reset , the battery lasts at least twice longer than before . i have fewer installed apps , which should lead to a slight battery life improvement , but this is not slight , it is the double . before the reset , at night ( no data connections , no wifi ) , the phone consumed about 1% of its battery per hour . now it is consuming less than 1% in the whole night . obviously there was something wrong before the factory reset . i hope everything is fine now . . . in case it is helpful for anybody else , this what the samsung customer service told me to do : start the phone in secure mode for a couple of days . that means that only preinstalled apps will work . so if that solves the problems , there is an app causing them . to enable secure mode , you have to reboot the phone , and press the options button ( the left one ) when the samsung logo appears ; it should vibrate , and then you will see " secure mode " at the left bottom corner . to disable secure mode , turn off the phone and extract the battery for a few seconds . --- for verizon gsiii phones : after you reboot the phone , press and hold the volume down button when the samsung logo appears . directions also state that you may need to hold the button for up to 45 seconds before you will see " safe mode " in lower left-hand corner . http://support.verizonwireless.com/support/devices/knowledge_base.html/59242/ perform a factory reset ( if the phone still has problems running in secure mode ) . to perform it , go to menu > settings > backup and reset > factory data reset . it will revert the phone to its original factory status , therefore , you will lose all the data and applications stored in your phone 's memory ( it will not affect the sim card , nor the microsd if you have one ) . be sure to backup everything you do not want to lose ! you can use samsung kies for that backup . if the phone still has problems after the factory reset , it should be checked by samsung technical service .
i found that the battery in my phone was a little smaller than the battery holder in the s3 . it seemed that my phone would reboot or just turn off with just the right shake . i put a small piece of duct tape in the holder at the opposite side of the battery contacts to make the holder have more of a press fit with the battery . problem solved for me !
certain apps like the gallery let your share content via bluetooth ( or any other number of methods ) . the gallery handles video and images . highlight the item and hit menu to get the share menu .
the bt stack on android phones does not support the file transfer profile . you may be able to add this by rooting your phone and loading a custom bt stack .
bluetooth file transfer provides obex ftp and opp for android . it allows you to send a file via bluetooth to an android device or any other devices that implement these bluetooth profiles .
i do not have a incredible s but the steps should be similar : Go to Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;Overflow Menu Button-&gt;Advanced-&gt;Keep Wifi on during sleep-&gt;Never. 
it is almost certainly a new feature , as there was a software update for gmail earlier today . i have gone through the settings , but unfortunately , i can not seem to find an option to get the previous one-icon notifications . . .
i am running 2.3.5.2 and i am now experiencing the same issue . i would recommend just resetting the app 's cache , it may of just got into a muddle . settings > applications > gmail > click > clear cache
you could set up one of the accounts to read the other accounts ; that way you would only need to sync the one email account . you will still be able to send from the correct account - there is a setting to send from the main account or from the account the original email was sent to . i use one gmail account to collect the email from several email accounts ( gmail and isp ) . i set it up so can i also send email from any of the accounts . that way i only need to log into one account .
i upgraded to a 2.3.4 rom . i no longer have the battery drain issue , or the lag issue . the question is whether or not it was the specific rom or the 2.3.3 os , but based on multiple links , here and here , i believe it is a 2.3.3 issue fixed in 2.3.4 .
disable usb debugging mode in Settings -&gt; Development , and try to connect the device . i am assuming you have installed samsung kies , because all device drivers for samsung devices are present only in that software , and not on the device .
call support . they are really helpful . to the swedish support it is +46-1-324-4500 .
i just downloaded off widget from google apps called simple calendar . once you install the widget on to your home screen then you go to the apps area and single tap on the simple calendar icon . takes you into the settings for the simple calendar widget and you will be amazed to see how many different ways you can customize the calendar . you go into one area where you can select how many days to see on your calendar . you can even mix items from several gmail accounts .
i lost s . planner agenda when upgrading to jellybean . can not find it anywhere at playstore . just download agenda widget for android . i spent a few hours during some downtime mucking around with it , because it was addictive just working with the settings . it is free at the store . can display up to 150 lines of future dates / events . " everybody all the time " is listed as the creator . they have a paid version too ; less than $2 aud . i still can not work out the paid version benefits . i just wish they also brought back google calendar sync , it synced my home computer outlook calendar with gmail calendar , my wife 's iphone calendar , and my galaxy s2 now running jellybean .
yes , i tries superoneclick and it worked for my lg l35g aka lg optimus logic ( net 10 ) .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
you might try this rsync -rltDv --chmod=u=rwX,g=rX,o=rX
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
i have had this problem with t-mobile , on multiple phones . they usually have me do a full power off and wait for my phone to fully log off the network ( not the same with sprint , but you get the idea ) . i would report the issue to technical support . it has usually means a failure on the server side , in my experience .
i do not know why , but i would first try using a different sms app like handcent . if that does not work i would try a factory reset .
you should use a third party sms client that generates a log message for every message it sends . these log messages can be read out with alogcat or catlog ( or with androids sdk adb logcat ) . this way you could prove that the message is only send once from your phone . if the receiver then gets the message multiple times this would proof that the failure is on the carrier ( mobile network operator ) side . otherwise , ff the receiver only get 's the single message , this would mean the error is within android 's sms app . try cleaning the app data and , if this does not help , do a factory reset . unfortunately i am not sure which third party sms apps provide such a log feature . i would start by checking out handcent and gosms , as these are the 2 alternatives i am aware of .
check that the application is only installed once in these directories : /data/app/ for user-installed app directory /system/app/ for pre-installed system app directory if an app comes preinstalled with the phone or your custom rom ships with it , then the original . apk will be installed in /system/app/ ( which is read-only , unless you root your phone and remount the directory to be writable ) so that you can uninstall the updated version of an app or do a factory reset to restore all apps to their original version . this can also happen if you have rooted phone and do an installation by copying an apk to /data/app . in short , updated system apps takes double the space than user-installed apps as the system stores the original . apk as well as the updated . apk in separate directory/partition . if you are 100% sure that you will not downgrade or do a factory reset , then you can root the phone and delete /system/app/BlahBlah.apk to save some space ; although this might not actually give you more space for storing data or applications unless you repartition the internal memory since the /system/ directory is usually a separate partition from the user-installed app directory . in short , do not do anything unless you really know what you are doing .
the new update has made the size bigger .
use dropbear instead . apt-get install dropbear i cannot find any way to avoid chroot error , so i suggest you another ssh server . it works well . :- )
please do : su ln -s /system/bin/busybox /system/xbin/ash  you are getting that error because there is no shell for user root to use .
fast boot in android 2.3.5 on htc desire is found under menu settings power fast boot option is found in power
i believe the they did not make fastboot an option until gingerbread . it should be off by default so i would not worry about that step . you can check to see if it is on by turning your phone completely off and then turning it on to see how long it takes to boot up . if it only takes 10-15 second fastboot may be enabled . also , here is a painless way to root your htc desire that does not require changing fastboot : how to root htc desire ( froyo 2.2 ) without putting in a custom rom ( flashing ) ?
i am on android 2.3.3 with root , s-off and custom rom ( supernova ) and i can confirm now that the option to toggle between fast boot enabled and fast boot disabled is available . now , to properly answer my own original question , this is how you would disable it on htc desire . press menu button . tap settings . tap applications . remove the checkmark from the option " fast boot " to disable it . press home button . screenshot :
just add this to system variables " path": c:\program files ( x86 ) \your_adt_folder\sdk\platform-tools\
instead of looking for a default location simply look for platform-tools\ and android-sdk or just sdk those are the paths you need to add to the variable list
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
do you happen to be using a 3rd party charger ? 500mah chargers cannot charge the nexus while on , 1ah chargers can but might struggle . i recommend chargers with 1.5ah for charging high-end devices alternatively , the problem might lie with the power management of your rom . have you also installed an app recently before this happened ?
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
i had a very similar issue with cyanogenmod , i however broke my phone and got another , i was thinking it was thinking it was and htc problem at first , but with the standard os it is working perfectly . i have heard people could get it working by not syncing the address book , however that did not work for me .
this issue is very likely due to the way the ford sync system does an initial media connection to the phone . when it connects to the phone , ford sync appears to immediately send a " play " command ( similar to what a headset play button would do ) to the phone . the problem arises when you have more than one app installed that is capable of listening for these bluetooth play events . the os gets confused and disconnects from ford sync . if you have multiple media players installed ( including podcast aggregators ) , try removing them and re-installing them one by one . try ford sync after you install each one .
i released ankidroid 2.0.3 yesterday , it fixes the tts bug described at https://code.google.com/p/ankidroid/issues/detail?id=1892 does 2.0.3 fix the problem you described in your question ? before 2.0.3 the tts part of ankidroid had not changed in a long time , so it must be that tts changed in android 4.3 . if anybody has some info about what changed in android 4.3 's tts it would be extremely appreciated .
i found this potential solution . it says to download sg usb mass storage enabler to enable this mode .
it is pretty easy from kies . i recommend doing so through kies itself . just connect the s4 . on the first window , click the round shape with the folder image on it . then , drag any file you want to transfer to it .
i have been trying to figure this out for a while now and i stumbled on to your question . i tried turning off the debugging option and it did not work , but when i plugged my phone back in i noticed it flashed that it was connected as a camera . so i pulled down the status bar from the top of the screen ( sorry , can not remember what it is called ) and saw that it said i was connected and to press for other usb options . i pressed it and was able to switch modes so now i am in the mass storage mode . hope that helps , i feel kind of dumb having it be such an easy fix that i have missed for the last 2 weeks .
what you are asking for is called ums or usb mass storage . on newer devices , this often got replaced by mtp ( media transfer protocol ) for several good reasons . both protocols have their pros and cons . unfortunately , in most cases the user is not given the choice which one to use ( some devices offer this ) . however , an article at device-recovery . com explains how to connect android devices to pc with usb mass storage mode for different android versions and devices , including your s4 . i will list a basic exceprt here with no warranties : i have no s4 , so i cannot verify this . go to settings&rarr ; about phone/tablet . go to “build number” at the end of the scroll list . tap on “build number” repeatedly ( 7 times ) . on your third tap you should see message indicating that you only have 4 more taps to go to ‘become a developer’ . keep tapping until you are a developer . ( a toast message will tell you so ) now developer option will be included in setting list of yours now . go to “develop options” to check usb debugging > ok . done . according to the article , that should have done the trick . i do not see how the two are connected , and doubt it a little . as an alternative , the very same article mentions a usb mass storage apk you could try as well . for devices running android 4.0/4.1 , the steps are a little different , and sound convincing to me : go to settings&rarr ; more search then tap on “usb utilities” check the option : “connect storage to pc” unfortunately , my optimus 4x running 4.0.3 does not show that option -- so again , i cannot guarantee this will work on any device . a different approach is presented at this website -- again , explicitly for the s4: attach your samsung galaxy s4 to your computer ( pc or mac ) using the usb cable . if this is the first time you’ve connected your device to your computer , it will install the necessary drivers on your computer . on your samsung device , touch applications > settings > wireless and network > usb utilities . remove the usb cable from you samsung s4 . on your galaxy s4 touch “connect storage to pc . ” you will see a warning : “usb utilities / connect usb cable to use mass storage . ” insert the usb cable into your samsung device while the message is still on the screen . do not touch “cancel . ” the screen will change to “usb mass storage” with a picture of a green android and a message that says “usb connected . ” touch “connect usb storage” at the bottom . your samsung galaxy s4 is now connected to your computer . the device’s internal storage will appear on your computer as an external drive . if you also have a microsd card installed , this will show up as a second external drive . plenty other web ressources i have found on my search simply state : that is not possible without rooting . but it cannot hurt trying above methods : they might fail , but should not break anything .
the closest solution i have found for mac os x is to install android file transfer ( http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ ) on the computer . with this , i am able to access files on the internal storage and the sd card directly within an android file transfer window , and perform basic file management operations like copying and deleting . this app also supports some keyboard shortcuts as well as drag-and-drop to and from finder . it is not as convenient as finder itself but it is the closest available substitute i have found for this device .
that is right , this is known issue and you are not alone . unfortunately there is no official way to fix this . the only way to get your wifi working properly is to remove your sim card or use american ( usa ) sim card . btw it does not depend on whether you updated manually or via official ota . i suppose , the problem is with latest kernel which does not support other country codes despite us and eu . the new kernel is getting the country code from sim card and after finding that it is neither eu nor us it is dropping wifi support . unfortunately i do not know exactly why . there are some workarounds however , they require rooted device . you can install custom rom 's ( unsigned ! ) or use some scripts ( from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1372074page=7 ) you can " star " the issue here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23262 so as many people would " star " it as more attention it could get . people also saying that there are some missing features after upgrading like : no face unlock . no camera zoom . no zero shutter lag no android beam for images . p . s : as far as i know google stopped providing ics ota for nexus s . i hope they are aware of that issue and working on it .
while a data connection might prove helpful for a faster fix ( see : agps ) , it is not strictly necessary to have one . there a a lot of " offline gps apps " available . i personally e.g. used locus maps successfully for that in the past , but there are plenty of similar apps available . tracks can be stored on the device , of course , and do not need to be sent to a server for the tracking process itself . most apps allow to export them later in gpx or kml formats . if , however , you want to now the position from a " remote device " ( as your updated question shows , to e.g. know where your kids are at the moment ) , that cannot work via gps alone , as gps signals are only received by our devices , not sent . so this requires at least some kind of coverage : solutions are available to exchange data by different means , e.g. via internet ( requires mobile data ) or by sms ( still requires a network signal ) .
it is not entirely clear from your question what exactly you mean by " tracking " . if you only wish to record a log of where the device has been ( so you can look at it later , or retrace your own steps ) , then you do not need any internet access for that . the device just receives the gps signal , calculates its position , and saves that position to a file every so often . there are many apps that can do this : some of them are intended for sports , and offer features like finding your top speed , or comparing your time over a certain route with your friends ; others are designed for making your own maps , or geotagging photos made on a real camera . however , it sounds like you might want different devices to tell each other their positions , using something like google maps " location sharing " , so that you can find where family members are right now . obviously that would require internet access ( whether that is 3g or wi-fi ) so the devices can communicate with each other . the gps receiver is exactly that : it receives signals from satellites to determine its position , without transmitting anything . gps only tells you where you are , not where anyone else is .
you can remove purchased apps by going to amazon 's website and viewing all of your apps . there is an option under Actions to Delete this app , which will remove it from your account . if you want it again , you will have to repurchase it . this feature has been available for quite a while now ( not sure when they added it ; obviously after you asked the question ) .
afaik , you cannot remove items you have " purchased " from this list . it keeps them on the amazon side , not on the device . i have wiped all data from my device , and once i reinstalled amazon app store , all of my purchased apps appeared in the list .
i would try clearing the data for the amazon appstore via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . you will have to log into it again and whatnot the next time you open it , but hopefully that will do the trick .
as of today i do not think this is possible . you can however find the list of items on the amazon website . log in to amazon , click the " your digital items " at the top right of the page , click " your apps and devices " . from there you can see all of your app purchases . maybe some day they will allow removing from the list .
in order for the htc hd2 to run android , the device needs to have a custom bootloader running hardspl and radio version , which means your device is already unlocked . as for the device been rooted , 99% of the android versions on the hd2 are rooted .
90% chance - no , 10% chance - yes . the android operating system is designed specifically for each device , which is why different phones get platform updates at different times . you are at an advantage starting with an htc phone , as they build several android phones . your best bet is to find an unlock process for an htc phone as physically similar to yours as possible ( physical in terms of hardware ; processor , memory , etc . ) . if this does not work , chances that you will get anything to work is slim .
depends on what you are talking about pop up ads . if you are talking about the full screen ad , often for another game , that pop up when you go to the main menu for example , then no , i do not get any ad since i have purchased the double coin bonus . if you are talking about the push notifications that warn you about daily challenge and new events , purchasing something does not remove it , but you can turn them off in the settings ( Reminders ) .
someone posted a logcat snippet of the occurrence in this bugreport : explanation of the above : sqlite is the used embedded database engine on android . error code 11 describes a malformed database disk file ( #define SQLITE_CORRUPT 11 /* The database disk image is malformed ) . a bad db file was detected , removed and a new empty one created all sms are gone now some further thoughts : sqlite is known to be extremely well tested ( 99.9% of all code are test cases ) therefore it is highly probable it is not sqlite which causes this very probably the file got corrupted by bad flash storage cells , memory corruption or another reason you can do some things . i would suggest the following order : see again if you do have a backup . if so restore it . you could take your phone to a forensics / data rescue expert like kroll ontrack and have it analyzed . there is also growing free support for mobile devices , eg . by sleuthkit for the future : back up your sms data , e.g. move them to gmail some final words : sqlite is very common for embedded devices , ios also relies on sqlite for many things ( including sms storage ) . there will always be a chance of losing data if you do not backup : device is lost/stolen/broken , dying flash storage cells , software bugs , other erratic situations like full storage , etc . it is the same with any device , do not rely on a single point of failure , have a backup in the cloud . this just works with mails , your address book and so on . do the same with sms .
it is a known bug in the android os . there is nothing you can do about it but bump your head . i am moving over to ios because of that . there are many other bugs in android , but this one is a deal breaker for me . here is a link to the official bug report . the issue has been known to google at least since 2009:
if you are using the stock messaging app , the settings might be the cause of the trouble . go to Messaging app -&gt; Settings -&gt; Untick Delete old messages . ( if it was ticked i am sure that was the reason for auto deleting of the sms )
nothing . you can do nothing . one option is go to data recovery service , but price will be uninteresting . also tell please if you install 3rd party software on your phone . why htc wildfire phone deleted all of my sms for 2 times ? i suppose that there can be installed glitchy or malicious programs on phone . also if you have child or children , they may have played with phone and occasionally deleted messages .
you are really asking two questions here , and both are extremely hard to answer . first of all ; why did the messages disappear ? we can not possibly know this because we know nothing about what software you are running , if you changed something ( installed/removed software etc . ) around the time the messages disappeared and so on . maybe it is a " feature " of the stock software ? the second question is ; how can the messages be restored , and that is a very hard question to answer because what you are asking about is data recovery which is not exactly easy work usually ( that is why it will cost you a lot of money to pay someone else to do it ) . you would need to make a copy of your entire storage first of all , and then go in and look at the raw data to perhaps salvage all or some parts of earlier messages . in short , if you care a lot about some messages , you should have them backed up to begin with . you can either do a backup of your phone , or copypaste the messages into a platform in the cloud ( dropbox , google docs , you name it ) . i am sorry to say you will not find a solution to this problem without either paying a lot of money to get someone to recover your data , or start reading up on data recovery yourself and learn how to copy all the data from your phone bit by bit and then looking at the raw data . i wish i could have given you a better answer , sorry about that .
this has happened to me multiple times before . each time the number of messages was around 6000 . i think there may be an upper limit on the number of messages the messaging app can handle , and beyond that it just deletes everything . i might be wrong though . i do not know of any way to recover the messages though .
google navigation uses traffic information in some countries , e.g. usa and uk . if you are in one of those , yep , it will pick an optimal route based on traffic .
new version of skype uses system volume for calls . so change there in system preferences and volume in skype will be changed too .
use regular volume button on phone that you use for phone calls or music
when i adjust volume in skype , it tells me i am adjusting the In-call volume , which is ( believe it or not ) the same volume setting used when you are in a regular phone call . if you can not adjust this through the settings , i would try making a normal phone call , turning the volume down , then trying a call in skype and seeing if the call sounds have changed .
open the S Voice app , and open its settings . you should be able to change it via Set wake-up command . here 's the setting from my samsung galaxy s4:
the " set wake-up command " you mentioned ( via s find-> wake ) , is just a help file on the actual commands . if you go to the following , you can change what the note 3 responds to on the lock screen : settings -> device -> lock screen -> wake up in lock screen -> wake-up function x ( note this is just the lock screen when the phone is set to swipe mode , not while it is asleep . neither does this affect s voice , but you can still do some cool things . )
if you got airdroid working you can use your pc screen . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sand.airdroid you can get the app installed through google play online . is your screen broken meaning you cant see it , or it also doesnt accept input ?
the general rule is to make sure you touch your device with your stylus first then rest your palm , it helps big time . unfortunately , i have not seen an app with a dead area , but that means its not the " whole page " . samsung are the leaders for true stylus technology on android with their new galaxy note phone/tablet which may be the best choice for this kind of thing . may i ask what stylus you purchased ? i have not seen any with pen-precise writing , it does not seem possible with the capacitive touch screen when you compare it to samsung 's stylus tech with pressure sensitivity and separate wacom sensor .
contacts : sync them with google conversations : your whatsapp messages are automatically backed up and saved on your phone 's memory daily . if you delete whatsapp from your phone and do not want to lose any of your messages , be sure to manually back up your chats before uninstalling : Go to WhatsApp &gt; Menu Button &gt; Settings &gt; Chat Settings Tap Backup Conversations  to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : Tap and hold on the conversation or group. Select Email conversation Choose whether to Attach Media or not.  an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments .
is it possible to copy whatsapp conversations from 1 pc to another ? if so please let me know . . . as i bought a new laptop and would like to use whatsapp in new laptop . thanks in advance : )
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
having two monitoring programs point to the same nondescript process is frustrating . just to verify , does miui 's built in traffic monitor ( "monitor " icon on your homescreen ) show the same thing onavo and my data manager ? in the likely event that it does , the most simple ( and time consuming ) answer is to systematically disable every single app until you identify the culprit . you would need to make sure to disable only one at a time then monitor traffic over a set period of time to look for a change . for most roms this means completely uninstalling apps to disable them , but miui 's monitor app also includes firewall settings that allow you to disable data to specific apps on the fly ( including system resources like android system and download manager ) . i suggest working through the entire list even if you find a result earlier on . you might also consider connecting to a wifi router and monitoring your phone 's traffic using the router 's firmware or other network software . if you can identify where all this traffic is going it might give you a clue as to which app is requesting it all .
this might be of some help . because i had a similar problem on my 3g . there must definitely be a feature called as " background data " somewhere in your accounts and sync settings . make sure it is disabled . what this does is gives access to your apps to contact their servers and download data in the background , without your permission . this reduced my 3g usage considerably . second thing you might want to try is , disable automatic update of all your apps in your phone . this is even worse and uses a lot of data . third and the most safest of all , turn your wifi or 3g off when you are not using it .
cwm stores its backups in special folders below &lt;sdcard&gt;/clockworkmod/backup . folder names reflect the times the corresponding backups where created , e.g. 2013-02-01.00.28.49 . in those directories you should find the nandroid images . if you place yours there , cwm should find them . alternatively , you can also use apps like nandroid manager * root or appextractor to restore individual apps/data from your nandroid backups . note that when you have used twrp to create those backups , this uses different locations , as you can see in the screenshots of nandroid manager .
when you are performing a full factory reset , it wipes most of your internal storage , and most likely it is also wiping the backups that you are creating . if you want to restore from a backup , make sure that you create that backup somewhere on the externalsd or move the file over to your computer before you perform a factory reset . this is why you can never find the backup after factory resetting . you are essentially deleting it right after you create it .
maybe this is too late but i will post it for future refence for those who end up here and encounter the same problem like i just did . after wiping everything and putting the backup back on the sd , i had to reboot the phone in order fo cwm to recocnize the backup . when i had put the back up into the sd from the pc while in cwm , it would not recocnize the backup and the same error msg popped up .
it has to do with the site having an icon for " apple-touch " defined in the page . for example o globe has the following : &lt;link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="favicon.png" /&gt;  and it works . there are differences in how other versions of android handle this . here is an article explaining some how this works a bit . there could also be a " catch 22" to this though , as i see that the mobile twitter site does have the apple-touch-icon-precomposed but does not seem to show the icon . this could be because of something motorola did differently in their modified version of android , or it could just be a bug . if the site does not define the icon , then you can use a tool like any cut to change the icon .
are you talking about the backside speakers ? suddenly mine was not working too ( the front one still did though ) and i just rebooted my phone :p and it worked again . maybe you should try that . : )
i had a similar issue with my wife 's galaxy nexus . no sound through the built-in speaker in regular call mode . the other party could hear her , so the microphone was ok . the speaker worked in loudspeaker mode , but not regular . headphones also worked properly . what fixed it was removing the battery and leaving it off for 5 minutes before re-installing and rebooting . i would tried numerous reboots previously and they did not help , nor did a quick battery removal and replacement .
if that does not work , i have written an app to help with these issues . it is called soundabout .
i just saw this googling around , maybe it could be of help to you : okay , i had the exact same problem . my speaker suddenly stopped working even though the ear phone plugin was still working good . i also found that sometime the sound came back but it is very weak , barely audible . and then it would disappear again . what i did to fix the problem is to open up the n1 , disassemble instruction is on youtube . open the the 3 screws to remove the board with the attached speaker from the main board . clean up the speaker attachment surface really good . then reassemble the backboard and its speaker together . then the sound came back loud and strong . my guess is that the contact of the speaker could get dirty and limit the electric supply to the speaker hence it did not work properly . by cleaning the surface i helped to get the current going again and the sound came back . hope that this could help someone since this problem had driven me insane for a while . i found this on the following website : http://www.nexusoneforum.net/forum/nexus-s-general-discussion/12468-external-speaker-not-working.html . cheers , and i hope this helps .
do these : download flashtool ( i did from 4shared ) . turn on usb debugging turn on unknown sources install flashtool in C: drive . extract doomlord 's zergrush tool in C: . download both the kernels and first paste first one , which is 4.1 . a . 0.562 in firmware folder of flashtool . switch off phone . start flashtool , select flash icon , select flashmode . when window gets open , double click on the kernel name . when prompt window open , connect your phone pressing volume down key . make sure that your adb drivers are installed , then flashing will happen . disconnect phone when completed and restart it . after 15 second ( even sony logo will not be shown , only backlight ) , connect phone to system . wait for the adb drivers to be installed . go to where you extracted your doomlord 's tool and double click runme.bat file . wait for around five minutes until it says done . disconnect phone and remove battery . replace the kernel in flashtool firmware folder with 4.1 . b . 0.587 . open flashtool and click flash icon . doubleclick kernel file then connect phone in flashmode . disconnect phone when flashing completed . disconnect phone and restart it . your ray is rooted now . then install clockworkmod by using cwm installer.exe from the same system . enjoy romz . . .
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
messages longer than 3 texts in length get sent as mms ( picture messages ) rather than sms ( texts ) , thereby costing more than texts , or being outside your contract ( if you have pre-paid texts ) . if you leave this setting on ' free ' , this conversion to an mms will happen with no warning . if you leave this setting on ' warning ' , you get a brief flash of a warning message on your screen when you type a message that is longer than 3 texts in length . if you have it on ' restricted ' , you should not be able to type a longer message in one go , but i have to say that my galaxy ace is set on restricted and i have still managed to inadvertently send a long message as an mms .
i have had similar problems with mine - and i heard that it is a design fault in this particular model . it is incredibly inconvenient . i am returning mine to the supplier , as mine constantly drops the wifi signal , which is just no good at all . i will be claiming a replacement or full repair in terms of the sales of goods act 1979 which states that the goods must be fit for purpose ( which mine is not ) and free from minor defects ( which mine is not ) . this is in terms of trading standards duty of care legislation . hope that helps .
you can use root browser or es file explorer . however , you need a rooted device to access root directory .
update to maps 6.9.0 ( released 2012-06-27 ) or later if you not already have done so . google added the feature one you wanted : what is in this version : * save maps for use offline besides this : cached tiles for google maps are saved to the sd card . to also answer your exact question ( for users that cannot upgrade ) : use android 's provided ' move to sdcard ' mechanism or install some 3rd party apps to do it ( link2sd , app2sd skripts , most need a custom rom however ) . if all above is not an option and you like to do it manually : prerequisites : root access know which directory you want to move be sure that directory does not contain executables awareness : /sdcard/ is world-readable and many apps can write to it . you might not want to expose sensitive data to other apps be sure the app is not running . if something breaks , you might fix it by clearing the appdata the app might break if sdcard is not accessible ( e . g . phone plugged into pc ) a . you need to find the package name of your desired app ( just reverse the steps here , aka go to the google play website of the app and see the package name in the browser 's url , for maps it is ' com . google . android . apps . maps' ) . the location for the app 's internal data is then : /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] b . find the big subdirectory that you want to move , use a terminal emulator or adb shell access to execute something like this on the device : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell root@android:/ # cd /data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps root@android:/data/data/com . google . android . apps . maps # du -sh * 8.5k app_sslcache 9.0k cache 55.0k databases 52.0k files 2.0k lib 2.5k shared_prefs </code> c . move and symlink <code> mkdir -p /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked mv /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] ln -s /sdcard/android/data/ [ pkg_name ] /linked/ [ big_dir ] /data/data/ [ pkg_name ] / [ big_dir ] </code>
google goggle app can help to upload a image google search by image app open google image in your default or chrome browser 1st method type filetype:gif [ your query ] or inurl:gif [ your query ] then tap search result will be in . gif format 2nd method open google image in your default or chrome browser then tap more > type > choose animated
you can choose do not auto update from the setting of play store when you open play store > my apps ( from navigation drawer ) if there will be any notification to update apps . . when you choose update / update all then it will ask for accept permissions if there is any change in permissions well it is not possible but if you want to stop auto-update apps on android then this might be the perfect answer 1 . open play store 2 . play store setting 3 . tap auto-update apps 4 . choose from options
i downloaded the epub reader freebie from the play store . i connected my phone to my computer via usb and then dragged my epub book to my motoluxe . then i opened the epub reader and clicked on the small green + sign on the top of the page . that allowed me to add the book that i had stored in my ebooks folder ( i think that particular folder " appeared " when i installed the epub reader . then i read it using that reader . i am just learning to use this phone so am not sure whether that folder ( directory ? ) existed before i downloaded the freebie reader . ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.graphilos.epub )
yes . dropbox ( or box or any other cloud storage service ) would be one feasible solution . another way would be to use airdroid . it allows you to copy content to your phone via your laptop browser . the added advantages are : you can send messages from your laptop in case your phone is lost , you can delete all data remotely .
i would recommend using pushbullet for easy and convenient file sharing across devices ( among many other interesting features ) and then google 's own quickoffice does the job for pdf files . as for ebooks , i would recommend uploading your files straight into google play books ( easily accessible from the google play store site ) and using the official android app to read them . it is not the most feature rich , but it does the job well and few others can beat the ease of use and ability to access your books across devices .
if you need an app to read ebooks , i would suggest tap2speak reader . it does not have as many features as those popular ones , but is sufficient for your situation . in addition , it can use google translate to speak more than 50 languages . it saves you much time from finding a " usable " text-to-speech engine .
use usb cable and set your android phone as usb mass storage device , also you can send pdf as e-mail attachment , or use google drive , dropbox , skydrive cloud services etc . other detailed information i found at http://www.file-extensions.org/pdf-file-extension
use google drive to share your files between devices
you can use an app like adobe reader or office suite pro to view the .pdf files in your device . there is a free version as well for the office suite . you can simply transfer the files to your device via usb .
easiest way i use is installing a good ebook reader which simply accesses files you place in its directory ( in my case , moon+ reader in its payed version , currently 50% off its price ) . then i can easily transfer my reading material ( moon+ supports a bunch of formats , including pdf , epub , mobi , fb2 and many more ) either . . . via cardreader via usb ( when connected ) wirelessly ( e . g . using a sync app like foldersync , or a network file manager like es file explorer , or a remote management tool like airdroid ) via dropbox is also available according to the description ( never tried , have no dropbox account ) you even can highlight and annotate ( with pdfs , this goes directly into the pdf file ; for other formats it is stored separately ) , integrate dictionaries like colordict , and much more .
i use es file explorer to put my pdfs on my google drive ( works well with skydrive and dropbox and several other cloud platforms or you can sync over a network ) and just open them with polaris office or kindle on my tablet .
rephrasing your question to something more constructive : google has not developed such a suite as good as the nokia suite that would almost 100% allow us to use most of our phones ' basic functions on our pc . are there any alternative ways available to fill this gap ? in this case : yes , there are good answers available . the market playstore is full of apps offering similar functionalities . for windows users , the closest solution probably is myphoneexplorer . together with its pc component , it offers almost all capabilities you find in your mentioned pc suites : sync your phone with outlook , thunderbird , sunbird , lotus notes , tobit david , windows contacts , windows calendar , . . . manage your sms , calllists , apps , files , handle calls , create backups . . . connection via wifi , usb-cable or bluetooth . other solutions include e.g. airdroid , which allows you to manage your android device from your pcs browser : there is a video guide available on youtube to show you this apps capabilities , which are quite amazing . i could continue this list with a lot of apps , but that is not the intention of this site . having given you the idea of for what to look and where should get you started filling your gap -- from here on , i guess , you can continue on your own ; )
google unlike samsung and nokia and such is a service company that wants to bind you to its cloud ( sorry for the buzz word ) . you can see it with gmail , google docs , google+ , google voice and of course google search which all are ( more or less ) agnostic of used operating systems , hardware and so on . they all operate in the cloud , the only dependancy is a decent browser . and so does android . you are not bound to even own a pc if you have an android device at all . it is meant to be a replacement for some of the stuff that you currently do on a pc . for a comparison : only with ios 5 has apple removed the hard dependancy to have itunes installed for backups and updates of ones ios device . courtesy of google :- )
administrative privileges are not the same as root . they allow for a slightly elevated level of security for controlling things like the lock screen or other tasks that most apps should not have access to . enabling administrative permission for an app will not void your warranty or anything . just be careful what you allow to have this access . the security app will need this permission to be able to lock the device and delete data ( if the app supports it ) .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
there is no built-in functionality to set the password via the command-line , neither from a shell on the device nor from adb . you can not even achieve this by pasting the stored password into the secure settings file from another device . the password is not stored as plain text , but rather a cryptographic hash of the password is stored . this hash is generated using the password and a salt value : a random number generated once on the device . hashing the password prevents someone from stealing your phone and finding the password . this is important not just to protect the password itself ( in case you use the same password for other things ) , but also because the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , and as part of the full-device encryption feature . salting the password with a device-specific salt ensures an attacker can not use a rainbow table to determine the password . ( a rainbow table is a list of every possible hashed password , which one queries to find the original password given the hashed password . the technique allows naïve password implementations such as windows 95 's to be broken in less than a second using a normal desktop computer . ) in addition , the code that updates the stored password when you change it through the gui has other side-effects . as i have mentioned , the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , which can be used by all apps on the device to store credentials securely . changing the saved password without updating the key store would result in the stored credentials being lost . in addition , if full-device encryption is used , changing the saved password without updating the device encryption key would result in all storage becoming inaccessible . to achieve the functionality you want , the easiest way would be to patch a custom rom to export the functionality that the settings app uses to change the password , and add a command-line program that can change the password in the same way . it might even be possible to hack up an app that can do this using reflection to get access to the un-exported functions , but the app would still need root , and it would be specific to the rom ( and maybe even the version of the rom ) on the device . the relevant code is here if you are interested .
i just figured it out . it is a hack , but it worked ! if you go to your phonebook and go to the ' groups ' ( past phone , favorites , contacts , etc . . ) you will see a list of groups including ' frequent ' . click on that , and then the menu on the top right ( three dots ) includes an ' edit smart group ' . you can set the number of contacts to 1 and make it count by inbound rather than outbound ( or vice versa ) . either way , it will remove most of the contacts . hopefully the one that is left is ok .
up to android 4.0 it was very simply possible to use frequently called remover , but google has changed android api . . . now there are methods to clean this list , but not every may work in your case ( maybe no method will work on your phone ) . . . 1 . enter contacts/groups/frequent , then press menu and select " remove from group , ( untested ) 2 . phone/call history/ press menu and delete call history ( untested )
since it is a nexus device , you do not have to root it . google supplies factory images for the nexus devices at https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images with these images , you will be able to reset your nexus 7 back to factory default .
have a look at one of these toolkits , they each have an option for installing a stock rom back on to your device . have included links to osx , windows and linux : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1837401 ( mac ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1809195 ( pc ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1848036 ( linux )
here 's how to get a system dump from android : prepare your pc ensure that your computer has the most recent version of the java development kit installed . if it does not , download and install the most recent jdk from oracle 's java se downloads page . navigate to the download the android sdk page on the android developers website in a web browser and download the installer package to your computer . double-click the downloaded file and follow the installation prompts . navigate in windows explorer to the location where you installed the sdk . by default , this is c:\program files\android\android-sdk . double-click the sdk manager to launch it . in the left pane file tree , check the box next to " android sdk platform-tools . " click " install packages . " a confirmation window appears . click the radio button next to " accept all . " click " install . " a progress bar appears . prepare your phone press your phone 's menu button from the home screen . tap " settings . " the settings menu appears . tap " applications . " in the application settings menu , tap " development . " check the box next to " usb debugging " in the development menu . get a system dump press " r " and the windows key simultaneously on your pc keyboard to bring up the run box . type " cmd . " type the following into the command window : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools type " adb . exe shell . " type su dd if=/dev/block/stl6 of=/sdcard/factoryfs.rfs at the abd shell prompt . replace "/sdcard/factoryfs . rfs " with the location to copy the file to if you do not want it on the phone 's sd card . reproduced in full from this site
as long as you reflash both the boot partition and the system partition it will take you back to a stock version of android . the kernel is packed in the boot image , so that will overwrite a custom one , but a system image alone will not . you could also choose to flash back to a stock recovery , but that has no real bearing on the android system itself and custom recoveries are much more robust , so i would personally not recommend reflashing recovery .
you can install betterbatterystats ( from play store or from xda , the latter is free ) and see which is causing this . if you are running the phone without a sim card this might also be the reason : some phones are not tested well if there is no sim inserted ( my old xperia x8 is such a phone for example ) . narrow it down this way : switch the phone to airplane mode ( switches wifi/bluetooth/gsm off ) then re-enable wifi ( plus maybe bluetooth ) again . just leave it for a while and see if it is better now .
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
you do not need to root to install roms on a nexus 4 . just unlocking the bootloader and installing a custom recovery ( such as twrp or cwm ) through fastboot is all you need to start installing custom android builds .
you could make/modify a phone case so that the power button is covered . this would avoid having to void the warranty .
you cannot ( barring any hardware tweaks . ) if you root your phone and install a custom rom , you may be able to remove the " turn off " and " reboot " options from the power menu . however , nexus 5 ( as do most modern phones ) has a hard-wired feature , where holding the power button for 10 seconds shuts the phone off . this is done so that you can restart the phone if it freezes up . since nexus 5 does not have a removable battery , this hard reset would be the only way to shut it off without having to wait for the battery to drain . if you are technically inclined , you can always make hardware modifications to the phone which would prevent the power button from functioning normally . however , such mods are not for the novices , and will certainly void your warranty .
as you state you do not even need " that app " , here are two approaches to keep it from eating your battery : disabling the app go to settings → apps , select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( in the current example , google+ ) tapp its entry to open the details tapp the " force close " button to end all its processes optionally , tapp the " clear cache " and " delete data " buttons to free some space on the device if you see a button labeled " uninstall updates " 1 , tapp it . the button will then rename itself to . . . tapp the " disable " 1 button 2 the app should no longer start itself now , and thus not eat any battery anymore . if you need it back at a later point in time , it is still listed in settings→apps ( though it might have been moved to the very end of the list ) . opening its entry should show a button labeled " enable " now , which speaks for itself . keep the app from running when you do not need it on the playstore , you will find an app named greenify . this can be used to automatically " hibernate " an app when its not running in foreground . though greenify is delivering its full potential benefits only with " root powers " , it can do many things already without . if its free version cannot deal with the app in question ( google+ here ) , you might need the donation package ( for ~usd 3 ) , which has additional ways to force apps into " hibernation " . greenify : start screen , app analyzer ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) 1 if you have none of the two buttons , but an " uninstall " button , it is no system app : simply uninstall it . 2 note that not all system apps permit this ( button is grayed out then ) .
25% battery in 6h for a smartphone is good . a smartphone battery typically last less than 24 hours . if you want to maximize your battery autonomy disable automatic sync disable wifi , gps , bluetooth use minimum brightness for the screen . the screen is the bigger battery killer .
in google+ app , go to Settings -> [ your account name ] -> Location Sharing and disable it . in my personal experience , this is by far the worst offender in terms of battery drain . if you have automatic photo backup enabled , you may want to restrict this feature to only when the phone is on the charger by going to Settings -&gt; Auto Backup and enabling the While charging only option .
if you try to leave a review again from the same account , does it let you ? does it show the previous review , or act like nothing has been input before ? reviews should not age off ( unless they are removed for profanity or other reasons ) , but some developers have noted that ratings suddenly disappeared from their app . maybe it was a one-time bug .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
google chat/talk sessions can be recorded and saved to your gmail account using a gmail setting . from google 's chat support pages : changing your chat history settings you can adjust your chat history settings in gmail at any time . chat history for google talk is only available to users who are signed in with a gmail username . from gmail : sign in to gmail . click the gear icon at the top of any gmail page , and open the chat tab . from the chat tab : select ' do not save chat history in my gmail account ' to disable chat history saving , or , select ' save chat history in my gmail account ' to enable chat history saving . click save changes . keep in mind that if you have disabled chat history saving , people you chat with may still choose to save chat histories in their gmail settings . if you would prefer that someone you are talking to does not save your chat , you can take the conversation off the record . if you are talking to someone who is connected to the network with a desktop chat client , it is possible that his or her software is keeping a separate copy of the chat history .
while inside the chat if i tap on menu i see an option to stop to save . . . ( i do not now the exact text in english . maybe you selected that menu ? or did so the person you are chatting with ?
from the picture it would appear you are correct . note #2 , however . the baseband is the modem firmware .
check out the app called " app protector " .
give this application a try app lock you sound be able to lock the application you want to keep private .
the two best sms replacement apps - handcent and gosms both have options for putting up a pin input screen before allowing access to the app . both also allow this functionality to be extended to the default in-built sms app as well . gosms also allows a user to apply this security screen to all apps , but that tends to hinder rather than help , imo .
i have only used cyanogenmod for a few days before reverting back to samdroidmod since cm on spica is too unstable for daily use . but i think i remembered seeing some settings that seems related to power widget on " settings > cyanogenmod settings " .
not that i have found . looks like you only get that one opportunity .
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
yes . its because they are google branded devices . google only develops android os for devices which is under google brand . i.e. compatible with those google devices hardware . other phone manufacture will create similar os versions for their devices with different user interfaces and with more/less add-ons and functionalities . or they just port pure android open source code to their device ( pure google experience ) . and also there are so many custom os available . and you can flash it in your device ( in your own risk ) .
yes and no . there are nexus/google devices that are nevertheless branded by the carrier and therefore receive a different rom then the stock rom . this usually takes longer then the stock rom . but yes , besides of that , the google manufactured branded devices are the only ones who receive the updates directly from google . all other devices get their updates from the manufacturer and/or the carrier . oh , and the nexus one will not receive android 4.2 ( officially ) . plus , no one gurantees you that your non-google device will get the latest android version . that is a big advantage when buying a nexus device : it will be up to date for a while .
checkout bradybound . it is a system wide download speed shaper/limiter . few things to note : the app requires root access . it works by dropping packets using iptables . this wastes some traffic - how much depends on the type of traffic ( e . g . long running download , web browsing ) . rate measurement is done by number of packets instead of bytes so the speed limit will not be accurate . this only limits tcp traffic ( it makes no sense to drop udp packets ) . note also that i am the author of this app .
well there is no such app at the moment but google is planning to introduce this in the near future . . bandwidth throttling feature
while not for the faint of heart , how about the linux command traffic control ? check out the man page for a quick run-down . you will need root and the android terminal emulator app ( or similar ) . i think this guide will be helpful , especially the script quoted below ( although because i am not rooted i have not tried it myself ) . you can either try to run the script using sh or using bash , or simply type the commands from the script directly in terminal after replacing the variables with your desired values . let us know how it goes .
if you will not found any clue , handset sms do that , see android store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handcent.nextsmshl=en
there is not a contact picker per se . after you type in one contact , type a comma and start typing the name of another . separate multiple contacts by commas .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
make sure there are not any nandroid backups still on your device . those might take some space . you can also try moving apps to another storage location if that is available .
the only answer is a factory reset and even that does not work as it is supposed to . shows formatting but nothing is removed when you boot up again . i imagine the problem comes from google servers restoring everything . i do not know how to get around that .
not sure if this really qualifies as an answer , but since i do not have enough points to comment and i do want to contribute what i have discovered about this problem , it'll have to do . . . i have had a very similar sounding problem for the last 2 weeks or so with no obvious trigger in terms of app or firmware updates . my location history has gone crazy with some days getting reported travel distances of 10 - 20 thousand miles in spite of me just going to work and back ( 60 miles each way ) . what is happening is that while i am at work , or travelling ( or anywhere away from home ) , location points are being recorded for where i actually am , then for a point very close to my home location , then back where i am again , then back at home , etc . the system seems to be seeing me travelling home and back roughly once per minute , and all those journeys quickly add up ! so far i have tried switching off wifi/cell location services , but that gives you basically no location history and google now is largely disabled , so that is no help . turning wifi/cell location services back on and then turning wifi off when away from home does help - it gets rid of the ' home and back ' in one minute journeys , but the location history is less accurate when away from home . i am using an app called ' llama ' to do this automatically at the moment . my conclusion from this is that for some reason wifi location reporting is giving a bogus result of ' near home ' constantly throughout the day . the only sensible reason i can think of for this would be if i was carrying around another device acting as a wifi access point and that google location services had learned to location of that wifi point as being at my home . however , i am not actually carrying around such a device . next steps i am considering trying : wipe the data associated with the maps app on the device wipe the data associated with the wifi app on the device do a factory reset on the device and restore as suggested by gathrawn below , the most likely cause of this problem is having a second android device set to report location in addition to your primary device . you take your phone with you , but your tablet sits at home . both report their location once per minute , or thereabouts , and your location history goes crazy . the solution in my case was simply to turn off location reporting in the google maps settings on the secondary device . i also have a nexus 4 , on t-mobile uk
i had the same issue . i have a second device at home which was intermittently causing my location to jump back to home multiple times a day . disabling reporting on the device seems to have fixed the issue .
i thought the regular web interface was too heavy , so i created googlevoicecallingpagelite ( gvcpl ) : " a lightweight html page for making and receiving google voice calls " . you can find it at https://sourceforge.net/projects/googlevoicecallingpagelite/ . i created it to use on my computer , not a phone/tablet , but if you want you can use it on your phone/tablet too , just by going to http://www.elvey.com/gvcpl.html . it is the exact same code as on sourceforge , where you can see a screenshot too . as noted there : to use : log in , then open this page . it only works if you are already logged in , otherwise , it does not work - and does not ( yet ) give a useful error message .
there is an app i used to use specifically for this . it is called voice+ . you dial a number , it asks you which of your google voice connected numbers to call . however , this app catches the intent from when you dial a phone number . the nexus 7 does not have the phone app installed . you could try installing another dialer app like go contacts ex and see if dialing a number from their interface brings up voice+ .
it has to do with the resolution you are trying to play is too high to play in normal mode and hence the blank screen . anyways rather than using google chrome for videos i would recommend mx player which is a very capable media player and supports most videos .
if every video behaves this way , it could be a bug in the display driver for your tv stick . when a video plays full-screen , the video decoder writes the decoded video directly into the framebuffer , a special part of memory that holds the image being displayed . when a video is played inside another window , it instead uses an overlay , which is a way of combining the video output and the rest of the screen . if playing videos works fullscreen but not inside another window , this could be a symptom of a error in the part of the display driver that handles overlays . you could check with the manufacturer to see if an updated rom fixes the error .
you may use software like ftpserver to let someone read and write your files on your device remotely via ftp , and es or similar software to access to . note though that you will still need to download the file , in order to modify it . the simpliest solution may be to run an ssh server on your target device and then accessing it via a terminal emulator : in this way , you will be able to edit your text files without the need of downloading it ( using nano or similar software , installed on the target device ) .
i guess the part rendering solutions close to imposible is without writing the file to the nexus 7 local storage at any point from opening to saving and closing . if that should also exclude automatically created temp files , you are very much out of luck . additionally : and using any application on the nexus 7 yo . that means either all apps have to support samba/cifs/whatever network protocol to be used – or you need to mount that network drive locally . this brings it down to apps like cifsmanager ( last release : 4/2011 ) or mount manager ( requires root ; i would wonder if that does not apply to cifsmanager as well ) . moreover , on your remote device you will need the counterpart providing the network drive , of course . no problem on the pc , where it comes with the os . for your other android device , as pointed out in my comment on your question , that could e.g. be samba server .
i have a similar problem with my s3 mini . two or three times a week the gsm/edge/3g signal strength indicator is at zero and i cannot make or recieve calls , despite being in a good signal area . a simple power down and power up restores the connection , reports good ssi and the backlog of sms and voicemail calls start coming .
i experienced a similar problem , and it was caused by physical activity making the sim card coming slightly loose , just enough so that the phone could not read it reliably . try turning the phone off completely , removing the sim card , reinserting the sim card , and then restarting the phone . if that makes the problem go away ( at least for a few days ) , then it probably is the sim card coming loose : maybe that specific phone is on the largest extreme of manufacturing tolerance , and the sim card is at the smallest extreme . in this case , a little paper inserted alongside the sim card , on the side without the contacts , could provide a more lasting fix .
recovery images are hard coded to use the first partition of an sd card are the main fat partition . as such , you need to ensure that the first partition on the card is the fat partition , or recovery will try to mount the ext partition as the fat partition . you can use any partition tool to modify the card . you also said that fastboot would not work - this is most likely due to lack of fast boot drivers .
well for the vibrant , the codes are as follows ; for example , ka7: the first letter is the year : k is the eleventh letter of the alphabet , so 2011 . the second is the month : january ( a = 1 ) . 7 is the revision or build , so ka6 is older than ka7 , etc . it is obviously different for the i9000 but you should be able to find that info on xda . they will also tell you which release is which version of android , which is not in the code afaik .
astro file manager has an smb module that appears to work for browsing the filesystem via samba . i have not found any afp or bluetooth modules ( yet ) ; for the latter , android likes bluetooth obex-ftp but the only server implementation i could find for osx is ancient and bitrotted . android does not appear to have any way to do the kind of obex stuff osx wants — although i would love to be proven wrong about that .
you could write an app that locks to portrait orientation when whatever conditions you want are met . so you could make it always be portrait unless the phone is held perfectly vertical in landscape position . as far as i can tell , you can not force landscape orientation , so you will have to just enable autorotation unless you want to make your own rom . your app will probably need to be a service and use sensormanager . you can search the android source on google code .
this widget works well . . . no customer rom or root required . :0 )
in cyanogenmod , and you can set up to have the power widget on the notification bar , the power widget in cyanogen is enhanced so it can control more settings , one of it is the ability to lock the orientation sensor . whenever you want to lock , simply pull out the notification bar and tap on the lock orientation button .
no , it should not have any effect on your settings or apps . the faq from the project voodoo site notes : will i lose any settings or app ? none . but some sort of backup is recommended of course .
according to this xda post bluetooth usb dongle support is native starting from android 4.2.2 . so if you are running 4.0 as the tag suggests , it does not work . you will have to update the tablet . also , you will have to confirm that the usb port supports full host mode with usb host diagnostics .
i do not know if you were able to unlock you phone , but what i would like to suggest is once you are able to unlock your phone then get a great app vipsha2 - remote phone screen lock from google play . this app has helped me a lot and its free . we just need to send an sms from other phone and we can lock or unlock our phone . edit by izzy : as the following screenshot shows , you set up an " attention word " , which then has to be send by sms to trigger the lock/unlock . not sure where the password comes into play , as i do not use this app .
install screen lock bypass ( free ) from web interface of play store . it'll not reset/remove your pin , but unlock your device on each reboot . if you want to permanently reset/remove pin , you will have to purchase its pro version . in the last , you can always factory reset your device if these apps are not working for you . factory reset wipes out all custom configurations including pin/security lock .
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
here 's here 's [ tnx @gathrawn ] a free app that claims to be able to do that .
at the top of your homescreen , there should be a row of white dots , one for each screen . you can tap them to skip directly to selected homescreen .
this is an option in most launchers , but i think it is not available in the stock launcher . i would recommend switching to launcher pro , there it is enabled by default and can be toggled from Preferences -&gt; Homescreen settings -&gt; Homescreen looping .
if you are using the original samsung supplied os with samsung 's touchwiz interface , then it does not wrap around , to get to the 7th screen you have to scroll seven screens to the right . alternatively you can " pinch " zoom out on any of the home screens to zoom out and see an overview of all of your screens , and tap any of them to move straight to them . you can also add and remove screens ( up to 7 ) from here , by dragging unwanted screens to the trash bin at the bottom of the screen , or clicking the plus sign to add another ( up to 7 ) .
there is 2 slightly different solutions . log onto your corporate mail account using outlook web access . go to the account settings , i.e. the options link . under that , select phone , and delete your phone profile from there . now delete and recreate the exchange account on your phone , and this time do not choose to sync contacts . exchange has a corporate addressbook or directory , and a local addressbook for your own personal contacts . get rid of the locally saved contacts in your exchange addressbook , so that on the next sync they will similarly be culled from the phone . you can always look them up in the corporate directory , and android can also perform a lookup against the directory for contacts that are not stored locally . this of course assumes that you do not actually need so many contacts on hand in your local addressbook , or that these are all company contacts and not external business contacts .
another possibility is to hide the account in your address book/contacts on your phone . disclaimer - not all contact apps support this though . on my phone , when i go into contacts and click the menu button , one of the menus is Display Options . this then lets me hide or show contacts for specific accounts ( ie . google , facebook , twitter , etc . ) . if i turn off a particular account in here , it does not show any of those contacts in my address book .
i faced the same problem when i configured the corporate account in my phone . then i removed the account by going to settings-> accounts and re added it . while re-adding i unchecked sync contacts , sync calendar , sync email and activated the account . now the problem is no more .
apps do not consume battery . the device consumes the battery as it does things like run apps . so the only way to measure battery use is physically . fortunately , devices record battery use themselves . there is most often an area in settings where you can view the approximate percentage of battery used by apps , cell standby , etc . you could also kill/remove everything except your app and see how long the battery lasts on a full charge , and compare it to how long the battery lasts without your app running . the best way to ensure low battery use is good design , though . your app should not be busy waiting , otherwise it will consume much more battery than needed . you also mention ( i think ) that your app will not work if the phone is rebooted . plenty of other alarm apps work after the phone is rebooted , so i think you need to look into that .
i have never seen it come from the right , nor have i seen it " gap " , but the progress bar is just that , it shows the download progress for the page that you about to view . after you posted your screenshot and video , it looks like that the browser is seeing that you are on the malaysian version of google . if i am correct , the malaysian is read from right to left , which would be why the progress bar loads from right to left . if you just go to google.com, it will load from left to right , or you have the default language on your device to be malaysian , in which case , would default it to right to left .
well i have got a workaround but not a permanent fix for this problem . i did a clean re-install and then do not restore any backed up data through go backup/titanium backup app . then i do not get that suspicious shutdown every time in a day , but after 2-3 days yes you will . : (
this does not quite answer your question , but i wonder if you could change how you grip or store your phone . for example , i never have this problem with my droid 1 . it lives upright in my pocket , and i am able to grasp it and pull it out without touching the touchscreen at all , and since it is upright , even if i did grab the screen , i would be touching the top part , which is away from the sliders for me . my previous phone has a little place for a wrist strap , and i tied a big rubber ring to it which i could then grab with one finger to retrieve from the pocket . your phone is different of course , but maybe you can reason your way to some handling procedures that work around the problem .
buy case or cover for your phone . it will give you opportunity to take phone from your pocket without touching the screen . this is not perfect solution , but i do not see another solutions . also i agree with you that swiping screen while getting phone out from pocket is annoying . +1 .
the way i solved the issue to my satisfaction was to buy and install the widgetlocker lockscreen app . this is an awesome little app that basically allows you to replace your lockscreen ( and incoming call screen too ) with something customized . i just have one horizontal slider to unlock the screen now , and it has completely eliminated accidental screen unlocks , as well as accidental accepts/rejects for incoming calls ! :- ) i would highly recommend widgetlocker lockscreen in any case , because being able to customize the lockscreen is really nice .
install tasker from google play , create a scene without any further contents , produce a task to show this scene as overlay , blocking , fullscreen , with exit button , and then a profile to run on state call , incoming performing this task . more beautiful scenes are possible .
uninstall all the updates to google search in the google play store . restart , and reinstall .
there is now a standard place for android phone users to set their owner information : menu -> settings -> security - > owner information there is also a checkbox that makes this information show up on the lock screen . there is an article about it at cnet with this useful screenshot :
settings / about phone / status shows the device 's phone number . call it and leave a message . maybe the owner will check their voicemail from home . or call people in the contact list , especially ones that show recent history . " your buddy lost a phone . . . " or call the carrier and tell them you found the phone . they will be able to contact the phone 's owner and relay your contact information .
if you go to settings > accounts and sync settings , you should be able to see their gmail address and possibly facebook . you can probably contact them through one of those .
1 ) go to your phone 's settings > storage 2 ) unmount sd card ( your external sd card ) 3 ) download/install from the app ( s ) from the store again 4 ) go back to settings > storage - then mount your sd card again ( or reboot ) or you can try this 1 ) insert the sd card in you windows pc 2 ) you will find a folder named android_secure in it you will find the file named smdl2tmp1.asec delete it ( make sure in pc folder options , the show hidden files are enabled and the hide protected operating system files is unchecked ) source : xda
sounds like it is trying to install direct to your sd card . go to settings> storage> unmount SD card install the app mount SD card again
better you format and try again , still prob download your app from your pc , search playstore and download from it . if you havent set your mobile number , set it . or download apks from http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ in your pc and copy and move it to your mobile phone
file systems are organized in " blocks " of data , where each block has the same size . internal storage ( as well as some others which use nand-flash ) on android uses a block size of 128kb . especially video files are a bit larger , so they do not fit in a single " block " on the file system . in order to store them , they are split and spread about multiple blocks . this usually is no problem , as there is some " index " holding all the information of where those blocks are and what file they belong to . however : on a crash , some of that information might be lost -- while other parts have been preserved . so your recovery process was 100% able to restore those files where complete information was available . i do not know what you used , but many of those recovery tools additionally scan all " unused blocks " ( where the " index " says there is nothing stored currently ) for data fragments , and this way discovers some additional files . but sometimes it is not possible to get all their pieces together , or do so in the correct order . because of this , some of your videos might play for a few seconds ( blocks ) , until the " lost information " part is reached . i hope my explanation was understandable ; i went for easy understanding instead of precise technologic terms . as to your question on how to restore the missing parts : i am afraid they are lost . but if you update your question and add information on what you used to restore your files , plus how you did it , we can look into it . one word straight ahead : i hope you did not write anything on that sd card since -- or chances for restauration are really low . first thing to make sure on data loss : avoid writing to that medium until you have all your data restored ( or all hope to restore them is lost ) ! ! first steps on data loss stop writing to the device you lost data from ( in your case , the sd card ) . lost data might still be left more-or-less intact somewhere on the medium , but the corresponding blocks are marked " unused " -- so each new write lowers your chances on a successful recovery make sure all subsequent access to the device is read-only . while you might not have access to a write blocker , some sd-cards offer a corresponding switch ( use it ! ) , or some card readers might provide something like that . with a linux/unix system you are well off also , as it is quite easy to explitly mount devices read-only . best idea is to make a block-level copy of the medium . on linux/unix , this can be done using the dd command . this copy can be done to an equivalent medium ( which in your case would be another 16gb sd card , best of the same brand ) , but also to a file -- which then can be mounted ( again , best read-only ) as a loopback device . all susequent steps should use the so-created disk image : this ensures , even if some action fails and destroys something here , your original medium remains untouched , providing an additional safety layer . having created a disk image , optionally make a copy of that again ( easy if it is a file -- otherwise just repeat the first procedure with the image as source ) . this provides another level of safety , as , having broken something on the 2nd image , you need not touch the original , but can start again from the first copy . having created and mounted the image , as described in the previous steps , you now can try with all available recovery tools to get as much data restored as possible . if one tool does not restore enough , try the next , and so on . if the image breaks , see previous step . having all data ( or as much as was possible ) restored , there is not much more you can do . you might decide to keep one of the images and/or the original . if not all data was restored successfully , you might even decide to send the original plus the image to some forensics specialist or data recovery service . on the seventh day he rested from his work ; ) useful tools there are a lot of tools available to help you recover your data . i cannot mention them all here -- but at least a few should be named . some are addressing the end user , coming with a nice gui -- others are rather intended for the forensics specialist , coming with a lot of command-line switches , and again others might provide both . wondershare data recovery was already mentioned being used by the op . i cannot say much about it , as i never used it : it is available for windows and macos ( and i run linux ) . testdisk would be my tool of choice . it is available for dos , windows , macos , linux , and more -- and i have successfully used it a couple of times . photorec comes from the same developers as testdisk , and is available for a broad range of operating systems both tools are mentioned on livehacker 's article five best free data recovery tools -- and as it says " five " , there are obviously 3 more available . i do not want to list up things i do not know -- but from here , everybody should find his/her way . hopefully . so good luck -- or better : good results !
sorry for the trouble this is causing you . we initially removed the feature because we did not know how well it was being used and the ux around it seemed confusing . we intended to improve the feature and release it again soon . that said , with feedback like yours , and many others , we are reconsidering the decision and will try to get a version of the feature back in firefox as soon as possible . you can track some of the discussion here : https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1002628
according to the mozilla firefox release notes , they have completely removed the " send tab to remote device " feature . you can use pushbullet . it is an android app that helps you to view android notifications on the pc . and you can also push files , pages , urls from the android app to the pc . todo : 1 . install the pushbullet app on your phone . 2 . install the pushbullet extension in your browser ( supports chrome and firefox ) .
ruus are linked to carrier and their allocation of devices so it can be tricky to find the right ruu for your device i had a similar issue with my htc magic and i used a goldcard method to downgrade the bootloader so that may be a good place to start , do not lose heart it can be done due to the massive amounts of different ruus out there it can be really confusing it took me ~6 weeks to find the right solution to downgrade my htc magic so i could root it , i have never looked back since http://lmgtfy.com/?q=downgrade+desire+bootloader+goldcard
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
the majority of books on sites like amazon , barnes and nobles , and the like , are definitly payed for . all of them offer some free books to get you in , but you end up in a " closed ecosystem": you can read them only with their dedicated readers , as they often use their own formats ( amazon ) or at least some drm . if you want to go for free content , you are much better of chosing an ebook reader app supporting the open epub format ( some exemples include , but are not restricted to : moon+ reader , fbreader , and aldiko . at least the first two already ship with a load of free libraries pre-configured , which they can access directly from inside the app .
from kindle store , you can only get popular classics for free . but , kindle is integrated with many of free ebook providers . for example , on open library , you can click Send to Kindle link while viewing a free title ( amazon authentication will be required ) . see amazon 's free ebooks collection page . it gives you all required instructions to get free ebooks from various sites . also , there is no difference if you read a book with kindle app on nexus 7 or kindle ebook reader device . . except kindle ebook reader device does not have color display and would provide a very-very long battery life .
i think you have misunderstood the sync settings . they are not intended as a way to stop apps performing background operations . the sync settings for each app come from within that app , like any other app settings , so the exact behaviour is up to that app . because the sync settings are part of the accounts mechanism , they are usually used to control data attached to that account ( e . g . if you have the evernote app installed and an evernote account signed in , the sync setting within that account just controls syncing the data owned by that account ; it does not control any other kind of background processes ) . os and app updates are not covered by any of the sync settings , so you would not expect those settings to change their behaviour .
i do not think google books has a voice interface , which is a shame . i do not know of any book app which does , i am afraid . moon+ reader is a great ebook app which has auto page turning , based on time , but they are very active and are always adding features - it may be worth emailing them and asking if they will implement it ?
try to re-install rom on your device ( here 's the newest firmware ) , that usually helps in similar situations . if your phone will be still broken that means you have damaged bootloader ( boot partition ) - then try to re-install boot partition ( you can find instructions in internet ) . at most you can give your phone to service and tell that your phone has been broken during an update . repair will be free if you have warranty .
or you can long hold the home button on the bottom of your phone and a little menu will prompt them go to task manager then go to tab that says clear defaults
you need to clear the " launch by default " setting for stumbleupon . open up your phone settings , then go to applications . look for the stumbleupon app , and click on it . here is where you can do things such as uninstall/disable the app , clear the data , etc . one of the options is to Clear defaults . this is the option you need to run . it will restore the app-selection menu for any actions where you set stumbleupon to be the default handler .
the supersu bundled with cyanogenmod 7 was somehow inaccessible to user root access requests , like with sshdroid , terminal emulator and midnight commander , as i have mentioned . forums confirm superuser permissions being denied to everything , and inability to get to its configuration . this was a later cyanogenmod design decision . what finally worked for me was copying the latest cwm-supersu-v1.93 . zip over to my sd card , rebooting into the " recover " mode cyanogenmod provides , and flashing from that zip . http://www.adbtoolkit.com/rooting/su/zip/#.uxmwtnxdveq now , i can finally do things like clean out large files from /data/dalvik-cache/* . dex when internal space is badly needed temporarily , or other unixy things .
similar problems have happened with the stock email app on my galaxy s . the app is super buggy and i recommend finding another app till it is improved .
i absolutely hate this issue ( sorry for caps but i have been dealing with it for a while ) . i do not have a fix but i do have work around : hit the show pictures button at the top of the message and let all images render before deleting . i wish i had a permanent fix for you . i wonder if this happens on other phones and not just the moto droid ?
on my motorola droid , i was able to set up hotmail as an exchange active sync account . i followed the settings in http://windowsteamblog.com/windows_live/b/windowslive/archive/2010/08/30/hotmail-now-supports-push-email-calendar-and-contacts-with-exchange-activesync.aspx and everything worked fine . now that i access hotmail through activesync , my email sync works great and deletes work too .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
it can be done by selecting the desired repetition from the combo box . here some screenshots : jorte changelog does not have entry that describe the recurring events addition so i suppose this feature coule be there since first releases .
in the event creation dialog box i have a " repetition " drop-down box with all of those options . this is using jorte 1.2.31
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
you can manually install update using flashtool , and also you need ftf file for it , http://androxyde.github.com/index.html?1349610344000 -flash tool http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918920 -ftf file .
have you tried the go keyboard ? i use go keyboard on samsung galaxy s4 . it vibrates when i press the return key . it is customizable via Sound and vibrate &gt; Key press vibrate . you might also want to check Advanced Setting &gt; Smiley Setting ; this lets you merge the smiley and the return key function .
if you are ok with using password protection for your lockscreen instead of the pattern , it does work with llama , which is free ( unlike tasker ) . as john k pointed out , the " screen lock " action does not seem to work for most people . however , you can use the " screen lock password " action to set an empty password to disable the lock screen , and set it back to your normal screen lock password to enable it again . however , your phone will likely ( have not tested ) unlock automatically when you arrive at work without requiring the initial unlock you want . edit : yes it does i posted this in case anybody still needs this ( as i did ) and could not comment on the accepted answer as i am new to this site .
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
try this : go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All scroll down to market , tap on it , and then tap on Clear cache button . go back to the listing of apps , scroll up to find the " google services framework " app , tap on it and tap on the Clear data button . reboot your phone . launch the market app , and accept the license . your installed apps should now be properly linked to your account in the market . if not , simply download or update any app , and everything should be back to normal .
do you have multiple gmail or google apps on your domain logins ? i found it confusing , because whatever email account i happened to be reading became the current account in the market . so some of my apps ended up being assigned to these other accounts until i figured out that i was not logged in as expected . i did not realize it because they were free apps so there was not the issue of requiring a registered credit card for these other logins .
if you have got adb ready ( see : adb and its tag-wiki for details ) , there are multiple ways to achieve it . my examples assume you have got the .apk file on your computer , and are operating from the very same directory it resides in . further , let 's call the file foobar.apk: if the latter still fails , you might have to say " goodbye " to your data , and run uninstall without the -k ( "keep data" ) option . you could also try backing up data first , and restore it after a successful install ( adb backup -f foobar.ab -noapk com.foobar and later adb restore foobar.ab ) .
you can not " downgrade " an installed app to an older version . first you need to uninstall the app from your device , and only after that can you install the older version from the apk .
with the tip from izzy , i was able to determine that the problem was that i did not have Samsung TTS as my preferred tts engine . to fix this , go to Settings &gt; Language and input &gt; Text-to-speech output , and you can select Samsung TTS there ( mine was set to Google Text-to-speech Engine ) . edit well , i was mistaken apparently . my alarm has reverted back to showing the news and weather and playing my old alarm . i am assuming this is a bug at this point , unless someone can find a solution .
your issue ain't related with browser app , it is a network configuration regarding the proxy settings . as you can read from your phone 's user manual on page 63: proxy settings are used by browser but may not be used by other apps . since you have mentioned that only " browser " gets affected , and that all of them work fine under 3g , this leaves us with an wifi settings issue : touch the " settings " icon ; touch " wireless and networks " > " wi-fi" ; touch and hold your network in the list of wi-fi networks ; touch " modify network " in the dialog that opens ; select " show advanced option" ; touch " none " under proxy settings , then touch " manual " in the menu that opens . clear the proxy box , make sure nothing stays there . touch save . open the browser and give it a try . you should now be able to navigate without problems either with http and https .
you need to install the google apps for cyanogen . download the signed zip from the link below , there is one for the rom ( you do not need ) and one for google apps . all you have to do is install it from recovery just as you would a custom rom . should solve your problems . . . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=691366 update : the link above is for the htc magic . the one below is for nexus one . not sure if there is a difference in the zips , but just in case use this one for nexus one . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=723844highlight=google+apps
i installed it simply by going to the market and updating to the new version . i know i have it installed correctly as it popped up a " what is new " dialog on first run . i have a htc magic 32a with cm6 .
can you once try slate . apk from this xda thread . he has created/ported many skins .
i have had luck on cyanogenmod 6 by making a folder called " ringtones " on my sd card and putting files there . however this may be cyanogenmod specific . ( you may need to reboot or trigger the media scanner to get the files to show up . )
the app rings extended combined with any free file manager will do what you want . once installed , picking a ringtone will pop up a window asking which app to use for ringtone selection . tick the option to make it a default and choose " rings extended " . it will then allow you to pick any supported music file from your sd card for ring and notification tones .
there are special directories you can use to store your custom " noises " . the " starting point " ( root-of-noises-dir ) may be different between devices ( so this is rather a generic answer , as i do not own all of them ) -- pick one and check if it works , if not , pick the next : /sdcard/media/audio /sdcard/media /sdcard  in there , put the directories for the specific events : then place your sound files into the appropriate directories . done . now you should be able to pick them in your configuration ( s ) .
click on the link and close that tab or go back once it tries to play that media . go to your chrome history from the menu and long press the link and save it .
chrome on android has the " save link " now when long pressing on files ( such as media ) which when just pressed regularly play the content . the funny thing was that i thought save link would have copied the url or created a bookmark , not download the file . . . so your question text helped me : )
in chrome , keep your finger pressed on the link , and you will see an option " save link " . now , this will be saved in the downloads folder . to access it and ( maybe ) other folders in the future , i recommend downloading a file management app . the best one are said to be es file manager and astro file manager . while generally , astro is said to be better , the free version has ads . your choice !
there is no chrome for android . you probably mean stock browser in android . there is no such an option . to accomplish that install dolphin browser - on long press , you will find option save image or view image ( depend on css of page ) .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
from looking at some posts on android forums ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) i think it is just not possible - to get more windows/tabs you will need to use another browser like dolphin hd/mini . edit : looks from this post on xda that it is hard-coded into the browser ; it can be changed , but not easily .
well first off . theres no true way to stop it . secondly , the way i do it . i sign out of skype first . then , i use the manage apps or task manager . stop the app first . then , make sure it has been cleared from the cached background processes . a phone restart might be required to start the app again or other apps . i am fine with having to restart my phone . it gives me the chance to control everything i do on it .
try signing out first . and than back button .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
i have jelly bean 4.2.2 on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers !
that is unfortunately not possible , swype would need to provide a setting for this , which they do not . you might have more luck with third-party-messaging apps , but i doubt it , as this is a contextual feature that pops up whenever it makes sense for smileys to be inserted .
i read on retrica 's website that they are aware of this problem for android 2 . x devices and they are working to fix it .
most of the answers here are very informative on the battery issue , i do not want to touch on that , though i should let you know that if you have to charge your android with your laptop or desktop , make sure it gets full before you unplug it , otherwise you will be slowly ending the long life of your battery by unplugging every time you have to leave because it kind of takes longer . i take a major precaution when it comes to charging because i changed my phones charging adapter more than thrice due to charging using my laptop . i was finally advised by my techie to use the specified charger and since then , i have no battery issues . just a precaution .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
usb from computer delivers only 500ma . so , a 2100ma battery will take 5 hours to charge from a computer . the charger outlet delivers 700ma to 1a . so , the battery will charge within 3 to 3.5 hrs .
charging from a usb port of a computer is slower than charging using a charger because the voltage and amperage provided by the computer is considerably lower than in the case of using a normal charger , so the mobile is using “slow charge mode” i don’t know which is the charging speed ration between usb and normal charger in the case of a sgs , but in my case ( htc desire ) with a normal charger i need approximately 2 to 3 hours for a full charge , but with a usb connection that time only charges 15 to 35 percent .
consider that computers often have other things inside of them or connected to them that need the same charge . the power within a computer itself is always lower than direct power from a outlet from a wall . when power is distributed through a computer to your phone , that same amount of power is also being used throughout the whole computer slowing the voltage to your phone , and other things that are plugged up . always remember , if you want direct power and a quicker charge , its always good to use to wall outlet instead of a computer or labtop .
samsung bridges pins 2 and 3 facing the phone . if pins 2 and 3 are open , the phone limits your charging capability to about 350 ma or so . check it out : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1384253
using astro ( available in the market ) , you should be able to create a folder on your sd card . prefix the name of the folder with a dot ( " . " ) and the folder will be considered hidden in the linux/android file system . this will keep it from being included in the library .
you should be able to create a file called " . nomedia " ( without quotes ) in the folder you do not want scanned . it is supposed to tell the media scanner not to look in there .
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
if you have root , it is possible , but not really recommended . if you do not have root , then you cannot . the file system is designed to be readonly and you can not add additional files to the system .
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
if you have root access then you could use droidwall to give different apps , including email clients , access to wifi and or mobile data . this would require you to use a different client for each account and would not automatically differentiate between wifi at work or at home . :o/ ( it is a pretty rough work around but the best i could think of . . . )
edit : you can re-add the same phone by going to https://www.google.com/accounts/smsauthconfig and hitting the edit link beside " android " ( the mobile application field ) . oddly enough , this link did not work for me in chrome but it did in internet explorer .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? when you free the memory you are just killing the apps using it or that android has stopped and put in the background . the only real solution is to not use apps , or to accept that every time you switch apps your position in the old one will be forgotten . you had probably need a custom-built rom that entirely altered the way android does memory management in order to get around this ; having something auto-clear the ram would end up killing the app you are currently using . another alternative is creating a swap partition , though how to do so is a different question .
it seems to be a software issue wherein the rom you are using simply does not record your calls . are you using a samsung original rom or are you using a rooted custom rom . if you would post more details about you software by going into system settings-> about phone and posting a screenshot of the same , i will be happy to help . you can also visit this website ( www.galaxys2root.com ) in case you would like to switch your rom in for a better one . i have a gt-i9100 and frequently use the same website to try different roms .
i had same problem . later i noticed that my phone 's date was set to year 1970 . i corrected date . and now the problem is solved .
the simple answer is no ! . waze is just an app , a piece of software and has no bearing on battery life or heat generation . heat is generated from devices within your phone running with too much power . waze maybe the app that starts these devices going , but ultimately , it is the phones hardware that is causing the heat . screens generate a large amount of heat to provide the brightness needed , try reducing the brightness level on the screen . also , the satellite tracking system may be needing more power if the signals being received are too small . some phones have a self boost amplifier and these can also burn battery power . anything that runs these types of hardware would cause you phone to get hot , and lack of cooling would not help . most phones are designed now to be as thin and light as possible , this is done by sacrificing heatsinking ( the designers assume the phone will only be used for short periods at a time ) .
i have an answer for you . cyanogenmod should implement a simple solution ! the fix can be found on the final post of this page : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87482-critical-flaw-in-whisperpush/ you will need android studio installed on your pc to use " adb " in terminal/command-line . these are the steps that are suggested on that site : you could try to unregister manually : the http response code should be 204 . source : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87169-disabling-whisperpush/#entry448596
looking at the description of the said app on the google play store as referred by the op : complete linux installer is an all in one solution to installing linux distros on your android device . brought to you by the linuxonandroid project the app is designed to allow you to install a full linux distro without touching your android install . so , it does not really " over-write " the android installation . the emphasis in the above quote is mine . it does pay to read the description on the play store thoroughly in order to avoid any confusions . if there is a confusion , the said developer would be delighted to receive an email asking for clarification as it shows that you as a customer is interested in the developer 's app and might spur them on to improve it etc . : )
there are several types of youtube links . so as long as the types differ the intent chooser will popup asking to choose the default . i suggest just keep ticking the " use as default " check box and select youtube application .
wat are you using to create and format your partitions ? i ran into a similar error when i used paragon partition manager ( https://www.paragon-software.com/ ) in windows . the phone would not correctly recognise the partition . i then used ( i think it is the ' official' ) the sd formatter program in windows to format my partition but it only seems to make use of the entire sd card and not really give you an opportunity to have multiple partitions . you should really try gparted . it is pretty fool proof . just make a bootable usb , pop on gparted and create and format you partitions in that . good guide here for a gs4 but should work for your phone too : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2285221
do you have an insecure kernel ( boot . img ) ? write access to the system partition is usually blocked by the kernel at boot . you may need to flash a modified kernel to be able to obtain write access to /system with adb . can you mount /system as r/w in the os ? then you could push the file to the sd card using adb or just normal usb ( mtp or mass storage depending on the device ) and then copy it to the proper location and set permissions using terminal on the device or a root-enabled file manager . then reboot and it should be there and installed .
the syntax of mount command usually requires you specify the target : mount -o remount,rw /system /system  this output could be useful for us to better understand your problem : cat /proc/mounts  as a last resort , as you have root you can try saving raw image of system , mount it on your box and push the app there , then flash it back on your device . to save raw system image : dd if=&lt;block device mounted on /system&gt; of=&lt;output file&gt;  if you go that way make sure you keep the original system image in case something goes wrong .
" long touch " on the screen ( the wallpaper ) so the add to home screen option opens . touch motorola widgets touch contact quick tasks choose the contact you want to add choose the contact method ( s ) done !
while all of the above is true , you can simply click menu -> add -> shortcut -> dialer -> favorites to recreate the shortcut if you accidenatlly delete it . that is if you are talking about the little red icon with the star that takes you to the favorites tab in the dialer .
some widgets might only be able to be placed once . if you only want one instance of it , but on another screen , just long click ( click on the widget and keep your click/pressure on it or keep your finger pressed to the screen ) till you have control of it . on my android device i feel a vibrate and the widget shakes on the screen . then just move it where ever you want . to go to another screen hold the widget to the edge of that screen and you should be on the the next screen . another tip that might be easier than moving apps and widgets on homescreens , just long click on them till you have control and remove them by dragging to the bottom of the screen . then go to the screen you want and add it . long click on an empty space of the homescreen and choose " widgets " then find your widget and add it . update : so at the very top of my widget list is something that says , " get more htc widgets " . you could see if you have that . not sure if motorola has their own option there or not . also try looking at your widget list and then see if you have " contacts " or " people " . on my phone i have " people " and that allows me to add one of those favorite listings for my contacts .
this quotes andy rubin in saying that they will move from a twice a year release schedule to a yearly cycle . but i do not know of an actual " official " publication . also , this " yearly " cycle probably only means " major " releases , but there will still probably be " minor " updates through out the year like they have done in the past . the quote : so we launched it , and from our internal 0.8 , we got to 1.0 pretty quickly , and we went through this iteration cycle . you’ve noticed , probably , that that’s slowed down a little bit . our product cycle is now , basically twice a year , and it will probably end up being once a year when things start settling down , because a platform that’s moving — it’s hard for developers to keep up . i want developers to basically leverage the innovation . i don’t want developers to have to predict the innovation . andy rubin vp of engineering for android at google
no , there is no officially published plan . the only people who get advance access to new versions before they are released are certain big-name developers ( and tier 1 hardware vendors , of course ) under nda , so they can be ready take advantage of new features . the rest of us get it when the updates get pushed out . ( usually , the new sdk and emulator images appear a little after the new devices ship . ) unless you want to take advantage of not-yet-announced features , there is no need to change your app for new os versions , because of the backwards-compatibility features present in android .
i was also looking for this answer , specifically for signing into google using the web signin ( required if using secondary auth ) . for the password i just typed in a single letter then touching and holding the icon showed up for highlighting the text . above it was the paste . i simply pasted my password , then deleted the first character .
stumbled on this link when i found an in-app password field that disallowed pasting . i happen to use lastpass that supplies an additional keyboard input method ( press and hold space bar with the elipsis dots to switch input mode after configuring input methods ) . i switched to that and it worked . presumably other input keyboards have the ability to override default paste behavior . good luck
when you are using hacker 's keyboard you can simply press ctrl + v to paste . please note if you do not have a ctrl key , you can enable it in the keyboard 's settings .
you can simply have the password typed in plain text . keep it inside a sms conversation , e-mail , note , or anywhere you like . nobody would know that is is your password since there is no indication to that matter in the place where the password is typed . when you are required to type the password in your browser , just select all by pressing ald holding the typed text and copy it . now go to the password field and touch and hold for a second or so and then a button named paste will appear . then simply touch that button . the password will be pasted into the filed . done ! !
after much searching , i came across this thread on the xda-developers forum where people seem to be having much of the same issue with a nexus 4 . after trying several of the proposed solutions in that thread , i came across one that worked ! it turns out that android keeps a permanent record of the mac in /persist/wifi/.macaddr . for some reason , it insists on using the mac in that file whenever connecting to a wireless network . if you are on a rooted device , however , you can overwrite it with whatever mac you want . interestingly , this change will also persist across reboots ! so , without further ado , here 's how you change the mac permanently on an android device ( substitute 112233445566 with the mac you want ) :
i do not think your device is actually changing the mac . static coding an ip on your router will not do you much good if you do not have l2 connectivity . i had worked out a way to change the mac on my 2012 n7 by using busybox and the ifconfig command . try installing busybox , disconnecting from the wlan , then running the following as root ( substituting your mac , of course ) . busybox ifconfig wlan0 hw ether 00:00:00:00:00:00 busybox iplink show wlan0  does that work for you ?
please update to the latest podcast addict v2.3 . you can subscribe to itunes podcasts ( just copy/paste or press on this url ) and you can also browse itunes database , so this podcast will now shows up ; )
try http proxy settings .
no device can have all of its internal storage free for user . the operating system ( and pre-installed apps ) needs some space for itself . so nexus 4 does not give you 16 gb free either . the 16 gb version of nexus 4 gives user an approximate of 12.92 gb free . whereas , the 8 gb version of nexus 4 gives you an approximate of 5.67 gb free space to use . i do not have the device ( at least yet ) . this is what i have found in reviews / discussions .
i have a 16gb nexus 4 and i can report that settings -> storage indicates a total capacity of 12.92gb . there does not appear to be any restriction on how this is used . it is possible that there is some hidden limit , but if so there is no indication of such . it seems very likely that you can install as many gb of apps as you can fit on there :- )
i thought that root was required to do this . that is not quite right . any user can see that directory , but only root can write to it . directories lower down the hierarchy such as /data/data are not world-readable , so while you will be able to see that that directory exists , you will not be able to see its contents on an unrooted device . some file managers choose not to offer the option to display system directories like the root directory unless the device is rooted , simply because it is not very useful to do so when you can not see the contents of some of its subdirectories or change it .
that is a really silly thing to do . android will automatically kill background processes to make more ram available when necessary . most of the time it leaves background processes in ram ( but not running ) to allow those apps to start up quicker next time , and to use less power ( because it does not have to keep reloading the app into ram ) . see the answers to this question for more info .
even if the pure blackmart app is free of any malicious parts , there is still the danger that you will download an infected version . blackmart has no official page or download site , that is why you can not be sure about that . it is even worse because it needs root . those types of programs are usually not open-source , and therefore no one can review the code or even build a " clean " version . note : since blackmark is able to bypass the access restrictions for paid apps , it is is illegal in some countries . this is likely true in all countries where google sells apps on the play store . my personal opinion : a free game of modern warefare or gta is not worth the trouble and risk of using blackmart .
you can use app2sd for this . keep in mind that not all apps can be moved to the sd card this way , also part of them will always remain in the internal storage . this does not require rooting . you do not actually need the app but you can also do this via the application section of the settings menu . app2sd offers a nicer interface and hides those applications you cannot move to the card , though . one alternative is link2sd . this application is able to move all apps completely to the card . the downside is that it is more difficult to set up as it requires root and a separate partition on the sd card .
i can only answer the bonus question : i think most of ' em are . i had the very first t-mobile g1 which did not have multi-touch support initially , but after half a year ( i am not 100% sure , but i recall it like this ) it got an update and had some multi-touch features . simple ones like image zooming , can not remember if the browser had , sorry . from than on , i think 2.2 definitely had a multi-touch browser out of the box , i never had 2.0-1 so do not know it for sure .
press it , hold your finger over it , then a red trash can will appear . drag it to the trash can . press and hold to start the drag and drop . press and hold on an empty space to bring up a menu to add widgets . then select the search widget to bring it back .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
google search can be deactivated in the system settings , in the apps . it then appears at the bottom of the apps in the system settings , where it can be activated . it cannot be deinstalled . ( if it were able to be deinstalled , you can back it up using astro file explorer , and using any file exporer re-install it ) .
you cannot deactivate that , not to my knowledge anyway . you can install something like smart launcher , next launcher or go launcher which have extreme flexibility in what you can do . it is just like installing any other app , and the next time you hit your " home " button you select that launcher " just once " to test it out .
this is a simple and pretty straightforward way to restore deleted whatsapp stuff . all you need to do is uninstall the app and install it back . this would actually use all the backup files , and restore whatever it can . it works with videos also
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
i tried with a different usb cable and it is working stable now . unfortunately moto g does not come with usb cable as part of the accessories and hence we have to rely on the usb cables available in the outside market . currently i am using sony xperia 's usb cable which is working like a charm on my moto g for usb debugging . it is been couple of hours and the usb debugging is still on and going great : ) let me observe the same for another day before i conclude the issue . and another suggestion i received is - do not work on windows for android development but stick with linux as windows drivers are buggy in most of the times . i appreciate the suggestion as of now and may look at this option as well in the near future to switch to linux for android development .
plug the phone back into the pc . then use windows explorer and verify that your pc can see it . this will tell you if the phone is recoverable . if you can access everything within the phone , then it might be a dead screen .
i have found out through searches that this is the sudden death syndrome ( sds ) which many have reported especially for samsung galaxy s3 . it was the motherboard that was broken and replacing it brought the phone back to life .
if you are going to move from cyanogenmod to stock rom , you need to do a full wipe . otherwise , there is big chance you are going to have issues . a full wipe is necessary when moving from one rom to another rom ( stock to custom , and vice versa ) . you should be able to find stock rom in sammobile .
after many failures , i finally figured out what was happening . cyanogenmod 's update utility told me about a new snapshot for 10.2 . i was currently on 10.1 . when i installed the 10.2 " stable " snapshot , i still had the 10.1 gapps on the phone . evidently this is what caused the boot to fail . after wiping the caches and doing the " factory reset " , installing the 10.2 gapps and the 10.2 cgm snapshot , i was able to get the phone to boot successfully . i do not know why the 10.1.3 reversion failed when i still had 10.1 gapps on it . i will update this answer later if battery life is still an issue , but i believe i should be able to revert to 10.1/10.1 if battery still does not behave well in the 10.2 snapshot . while trying the paths , i also tried the cgm 11 ( 4.4 ) beta build . looks pretty sweet , but i could not get wifi to work on it , so i went back to cgm 10.2 snapshot .
the only way i have found is from the ugly old carousel . i keep a link to it accessible on my new launcher and go there to open a book or document . it is not as graceful as , say , a direct link to the book , but it works .
to get back your @kindle email address ( assuming someone else has not acquired it in the meanwhile ) , browse to amazon . com and navigate to your account > manage your kindle > manage your devices > personal documents settings ( this last link is rather less than obvious , below the panel showing a photo of a kf ) . there is a link there to edit/change the kf 's email address . you can do this from any computer ; it does not have be done on your kf .
one workaround i have found is to sync the phone calendar with kies to outlook calendar and edit in outlook then resync . the edited update is then picked up by the phone .
click on the actual event and then the menu button . goto Calendar -&gt; Click day -&gt; Click thru event -&gt; Click the menu button -&gt; Click edit
my best guess is that this behaviour is not configurable and maybe solely htc 's fault ( you most problably had a look at every option of your browser already before asking here ) . some options that come to mind : you might want to try a different browser than the evo 's default ( dolphin , opera , firefox ) root , unlock and install cyanogenmod or something different ( alas , not an option for many due to difficulty , risk and warranty problems )
some versions of cyanogenmod have the “volume rocker” option in settings → display ; if this option is selected , volume buttons will wake up the phone . there are also other ways to get this behavior ( e . g . , the gravitybox module for xposed has the “volume rocker wake” option in the “navigation keys actions” screen ) .
check your device for unwanted applications . and also check your device administrator . remove any unwanted application from it .
i am not sure if it can or not , but tasker has a 7 day free trial if you download it from their website instead of android market . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/download.html so you can try it out yourself .
as it stands right now , tasker does not have that functionality . some researching indicates no third-party app can do that .
it is a " permission and privacy " thing . while the .apk does not have any privacy concerns involved ( and thus can give read permission to everyone ) , the data do , and thus the directory is only readable by owner , group , and root ( not by " other " , which is what you would need -- " other " has only execute permissions ) . ls -l / | grep data drwxrwx--x 25 system system 4096 Jan 28 17:51 data  which means : specifying the file directly , you can pull it ( as it has the required file permissions , and the directory permits you to cd into due to the set execute bit ) . specifying the directory instead fails , as this would require to change ( cd ) into the directory ( which works ) and build a list of files contained -- which is impossible due to the missing read permission on the directory entry itself .
izzy 's answer is good and well explained . building on that , if you are root , you can open root explorer , navigate to /data/ and change the permissions on the app folder . simply long press the app , tap Permissions , and next to other , check the appropriate box ( es ) .
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
that is a hardware problem and can be solved only by taking your phone to a service center .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
you need to clear the data of the download manager and of the play store . go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; All  now for both of the apps mentioned above choose clear data and clear cache .
try this . select the application in the update queue and cancel the update . do this for all pending items . they will still be in your my apps queue marked download . select one of these listings and choose update . it should finally finish the update process for that app . do this all other apps marked update , one at a time .
i was having a similar problem . just wait for a minute or so and that folder does get created eventually . of course the workaround is to either : create folder on a local windows drive and then copy it onto the phone or install custom recovery and reboot into it and activate usb mass storage
without finding a way of doing this i ended up bluetoothing all the contacts from the old handset across ( a samsung b2100 ) . would be nice to find more information about this buggy/broken feature on the s3 .
it is possible to get the cell tower id and location using the PhoneStateListener of the android api . here are some apps that seems to use this feature to show some information about the nearest cell towers : opensignal - 3g/4g/wifi maps signal finder antennas
the wiki is wrong , i think . the heimdall example shows "--kernel " and " zimage " when discussing how to flash the recovery . i am thinking those options would be for flashing a new kernel , not a recovery image . try either " heimdall --help " or look at a cyanogenmod wiki page for another device to see an appropriate recovery flash command . . . this would also explain why the device only bnoots into recovery mode . recovery has been flashed as the kernel ! : )
i do not know the partition mapping of the sgs , so my only suggestion would be to use the gui ( heimdall-frontend ) and select the recovery partition only . as of restoration of the original system , my suggestion is to reflash the original rom without touching /data . but backup it first using an advanced custom recovery like this one if possible : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2201860 ( the key feature is custom backup/restore )
you can root your device without replacing the stock recovery or rom . however , if you ever want to flash a different rom you will need to flash another recovery like clockworkmod or twrp . you can even run the stock rom with a 3rd party recovery but you most likely will not be able to take ota os updates since those require the stock recovery .
a couple of things here : widgets use memory . the more widgets you have running , the more memory will be consumed thus slowing down the unit the more applications you have that will give ongoing notifications ( i.e. . twitter clients , weather apps , etc . ) the more memory will be used . some of these have to run as a background service to function on another note , i have found that if i am in an area where the signal is poor ( or i guess in this case where the phone thinks the signal is poor ) not only does my battery get used up faster , but it seems to slow my phone down . i think , and i do not have data to back this up , that if the phone struggles to find a signal it does degrade performance .
well , it sounds like you do not want to monkey much . ( otherwise i would recommend rooting and then installing vanilla 2.2 , which is going to be the most stable of any release ) . it sounds like the problem you experienced is just a flat out bug and might not have anything to do with any apps you are running . on the other hand , are you using any task-killing apps , or battery saving apps or anything that might be screwing around with system processes ? if you are , i would recommend getting rid of them -- they are generally cause more problems in the long-run than they solve . if not , then i am not sure what to tell you other than file a bug report or call verizon and complain , but neither of these options will fix your problem . if the problem was at root a signal issue , there is a way to update cell tower information , which verizon can help you with . it involves dialing a number and allowing an automatic update . but , if you did want to monkey a bit , then i do suggest flashing the vanilla froyo . it is just a little intensive , but would not take you longer than an hour . if you want information in this regard , i can provide you with a website that includes step by step instructions .
you can hide the top bar if you use a different launcher like @customizer stated , but it will only hide it when you are on the home screen . when you open apps , if they are not full screen apps , the top bar will still be present . this is part of " core " android , and it is not something that can be changed , currently , via a setting or 3rd party application .
it is usually not possible with the default home screen . this is possible with alternative home replacement like go launcher ex , launcherpro , adw launcher , etc . some of these allow hiding of the top notification bar in their respective settings with specific swipe actions .
the securedownload.bin file is from your email app trying to download/save an attachment . the app creates this file ( no matter what the actual name of your attachment is ) whenever you try to view or save the attachment . the FlashPlayer installer may have been automatically downloaded by your browser when you tried to view flash content . in either case , these files should be perfectly safe to delete from your downloads , since no apps are supposed to store critical files there . ( if an app places critical files in the downloads directory , the app does not deserve to be used ! )
appears to be a sprint issue - call quality 's good again today . the lesson here is that there is always more to call quality than cell signal bars .
if you have already backed up whatever might be important on the sd card ( images , video , any special files and such ) , then you are fine to go ahead and manually delete the contents .
/sdcard is part of the android file system structure . this is where it mounts your external drives , the sd card . you should not delete this partition . but you can delete the content of the directory either using an app or using rm -fr /sdcard/*
assuming you are using google calendar and that the contacts are not being stored on your sim card , all you need to do is set up your new device with the same google account that you used to set up the previous phone ( s ) . if you are storing the contacts on the sim , there is an option in the contacts to move them to google contacts . as for installing your apps , any apps you have paid for will automatically download and reinstall from the android market ( again , provided you use the same google account on both devices ) . you can also use services like appbrain to create lists that you can then use to mass install apps on another device . i would recommend using titanium backup to back apps up on one device to your sd card , then either transfer the sd card to the backup files to the new device , install titanium backup on the new device , and then restore from that . that way you get too keep you settings for the apps , too . do not backup the system settings though , as going from one device model to another may be problematic .
well , i will answer to help anyone else . i still cannot get to recovery with only the device , but i was able to reboot into recovery and successfully root the device by using " adb reboot recovery " from the command line on my pc while the galaxy tab was attached to usb .
it sounds like you are saying that certain apps are using the front speaker ( the one normally used during a phone call ) and are in turn using the " in call " volume . if this is the case , here 's what you need to do : throw your phone out the window go buy a new one i have had many android phones and have never seen this happen . the problem could be in the developer 's specific version of the app for your device , but it sounds like it is the device if it happens on more than one app . you should try a new device ( take it back to retailer/get a replacement under warranty ) . i doubt you would see it on a new phone . good luck . sorry you are having these issues . edit : you could also try a factory reset , which is what the retailer/warranty person will tell you .
looks like this is a bug with the front and back speaker routing , maybe you can try this app https://market.android.com/details?id=nl.powerbase.speakerswitcher and switch to speaker whenever you have problemm .
if you had not rooted your device i would tell you to take it to your carrier 's tech support center . i have had problems with my volume almost like your current issues and the i=only fix was to order a replacement . i do know what you are talking about with certain apps using different speakers [ front internal speaker and external speaker ] . this is based on the programming they have done and you should talk to the developers about the issue or look closely at the permissions of the app to see if they have access to both speakers or if your phone is indeed randomly selecting which to use . i hope this helps !
try calibrating your battery , it helped me a lot . i had the same issue , 100% , immediately to low 7% again 70% , like that . calibration means , it just removes battery_stats . bin from your /system/ and os will regenerate another one . this will remove any miscalculations . after calibrating , it is recommended to drain your phone to the fullest and charge them back to 100% . if you have rooted your phone , this is one right way . : )
the result and precise format of the dumpsys command depends on the hardware vendor ( of graphics chipset/driver and handset itself ) but you should be able to find that info in the adb shell dumpsys display output
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
you can use any ordinary microphone that uses unbalanced connectors with suitable adaptors like this 3,5mm one . however , the resulting quality will depend on the dacs of the device and the application used , an external mic can only do so much .
to answer this question , it appears ( at least in my case ) that the app skyvi was the problem . almost all my android issues ( including random restarting ) were sorted when i removed that app .
there are a few ways to install an app : post it online ( with something like dropbox ) and navigate to the url in your tablet 's browser use the marketplace if it is listed there use adb install to do it make sure on the device that you have checked the checkbox listed at Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Unknown Sources if it is not in the market . this will allow you to install non-market apps .
you can download apkinstaller from android market and install it . after that just put your application apk in your tablet sdcard , and click on apkinstaller you will get your apk here . just click on your apk it will b installed .
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
if it was turned off , it would not be able to detect the network . go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings and uncheck wi-fi to disable wi-fi .
i once got that on my xperia phone when i was transferring a 150 mb file over bluetooth . some things you can try : try transferring another file . if it transfers , send the other file . if your phone is too close to the other device try moving your phone away from it . turn off bluetooth , then turn it back on . pair the device ( s ) with the phone .
my guess would be , yes , they will work . as you know , when you develop an app you select the target android build for your app , which is the lowest version of android your app is " supposed " to work with . that being the case , your apps are targeted for 4.3 and should easily work on 4.4.2 . likewise , if you targeted 2.3 ( as many devs do ) your apps should still work . it is not guaranteed , of course , but i think you will be fine . as a side note , my galaxy note 2 recently received the new update and i have not had any issues with apps that were installed on my phone , and i am fairly certain they have not all been updated for kitkat .
there is no gurantee that they will work , but api compatibility when upgrading is a standing tenet of android . the odds are very high ( above 90% ) that they will work no problem . in the end , whether they work or not depends on you , as the developer . as an android developer , you should probably read the documentation released with new api 's for the features and methods you use . one way or another , you may need to upgrade to 4.4 as soon as you can - in order to address potential bugs that may pop up for your users .
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
i believe this should work - widgetsoid2 . x on google play ( i have verified that this allows you to create a toggle widget on ics which does not go into settings app and does it work directly . although since wi-fi hotspot is not working on my custom rom of ics yet , i can not verify the actual working . )
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
solution that will work 100% of the time , without deleting data , killing android processed , etc . according to the source of cryptfs . h ( http://code.metager.de/source/xref/cyanogenmod/android/system/vold/cryptfs.h ) it is necessary to have 16 kb of empty space on you fs to perform encryption . plus the 32 byte of padding and 16 bytes for the salt and however many bytes your encryption password takes up . . . i just leave 32 mb to make sure , tried with lesser amounts and android does not like . detailed instruction on how to do that can be found here ( http://forum.cyanogenmod.org/topic/82292-cm102-encryption-does-not-start-stuck-at-splash-screen/ ) but basically you must issue a few commands from adb . for my 12 gb tablet the commands are as follows : now install your rom and apps as you normally would . . . then when you are ready to encrypt boot into safe mode by long pressing the power button until the shutdown menu comes up and then long pressing the reboot button and a confirmation of booting into safe mode will come up , say yes and you will be rebooted into safe mode . once in safe mode , go to settings and encrypt your tablet . could also do with adb like this : adb root adb shell ~# vdc cryptfs enablecrypto inplace MyEncryptionPassword  please mark this post as the answer if it helped you . thanks !
i was able to encrypt my nexus 4 after removing lot of data from the device . with about 4 gb of free memory ( half of my total 8 gb ) the encryption was successful .
i had the same problem . daj 's advice was the solution . i downloaded a memory management app and killed every non-stock process i could find . i used titanium backup to freeze apps that kept restarting . then i attempted encryption and it did a quick boot and then began the encryption process . this is the final solution .
had this issue also . solved it by switching of wifi on the device . i am on a samsung galaxy s4 with android 4.3 hope this helps solve your issue . cheers
ive been able to complete the encryption process . in used a memory management app to kill everything but min requirements . than it worked . hope this helps
there was a similar issue in android 4.2 whereby encryption failed as described if the phone was plugged into a computer 's usb port , but worked if plugged into a charger . i do not know when this bug first appeared or whether it has been fixed in a more recent version , but it is worth trying a plain charger .
my phone is working now . i have followed steps to bring my phone up : ( 1 ) removed battery from phone for 30-40 minutes . ( 2 ) insert battery to slot and press power-on button , that is it . " now , i do not bother about root cause "
i got a new phone and this issue seemed to resolve itself . not sure why it was doing it before , but it is not doing it now .
it sounds like maybe you added your gmail account to the regular mail app . so you are probably receiving notifications from both apps . if you are only using the " gmail " app then find the " mail " ( not " gmail" ) app in your app drawer and run it and see if your mail is in there too . if it is just delete the account from there and then you should only get notifications from gmail not mail .
the option has been moved to the oem subset of fastboot functions . since every vendor is using their own proprietary ways to handle serial numbers . so there is no universal solution available . it is not a matter of finding a " fastboot binary that supports it " . fastboot binary just sends commands to the device 's bootloader . and " setserial " commands are proprietary .
autostarts parses the application manifests . that is really the best way . ( there is a seemingly auto-generated broadcast_actions . txt file shipped with the android sdk , but it is not complete , in my experience ) . depending on what is wanted , you need to consider : that apps can broadcast custom events , and other apps may listen to those custom events . that apps can register themselves to receive events at runtime , as opposed to statically in the manifest . autostarts will not list those , and i am not aware that such temporary registrations are exposed in any way . autostarts only lists broadcast events . events can also be sent directly to specific activities of specific applications . autostarts will not list those , but the information can be found in the manifests . you can also look at /data/system/packages . xml on your phone , which is where the packagemanager services caches information about installed packages ( so it does not have to parse the manifests ) . i do not remember if it contains information about intents - i vaguely remember that it might not include any application components that have been disabled , but i am not sure .
according to several other similar questions on stackoverflow , such a list is not available via apis . i am not sure how apps like tasker produce such lists . i would not rule out iterating through all possible intents via the queryintentactivities ( ) function , or even parsing each installed app 's manifest file .
if you want to sync with a calendar using the ical format , there are apps available on the playstore doing exactly that , like icalsync or icalsync2 , and there is also the missing sync ( requiring a paid desktop component ) or syncmate ( specifically tailored for mac , but again requiring a desktop component ) . most likely there are plenty of additional alternatives ( take a look e.g. at these search results ) . unfortunately , i do not know of any native solution not involving 3 rd party tools .
with geohot 's new towelroot exploit , it is as easy as installing an . apk and clicking a button . towelroot link just download and install that app , and then run it . after it is done , go on google play and download supersu .
if i could comment , i would , but yes , towelroot is a safe download . it is one of the most commonly used root methods for newer devices . neither of the antivirus programs that i use have had any problem with it . ( if someone has the ability to repost this as a comment on @iamthesquidward 's answer , that would be awesome ) edit : several sites and forums state that it will work on the razr m and hd if your build number is .182 or .183 . if you already updated to whatever came next , then it is too late and you might not get the chance to root again . not to be rude , but that is what you get for having a motorola and/or verizon phone . they both ( along with samsung ) try their hardest to make sure that you cannot root or unlock your phone .
if your device is locked to vodafone ( as you write ) , a different rom will not change that . you will either have to use a vodafone sim , or have the device unlocked from the provider . i would suggest you first try whether the problem persists with a vodafone sim , to make sure whether a sim-lock is the cause . those network settings are also grayed out if you have got no sim inserted at all ( i have tried that on one of my devices ) – so it usually means you do not have those services available because there is no accepted sim card detected .
try booting in safe mode . to do this simply press the power button while holding menu + back
see if you still have available memory in your storage . shark for root will not record any packets if your device has insufficient memory .
they are only accessible from google play music . it stores them somewhere in the internal space of the app , not in the music library of the phone . there is no way to tell the app to move the file somewhere else at the moment , and no way that i am aware off to point other app to that specific folder . that is the main reason why i do not use google play music . i want to be in control of my music folder .
you can . try doubletwist music player . just so you know , this feature requires root . p.s. i do not know if this feature is still available , i have not used it for a while now .
seems dhcp is not enabled on wifi router , you may need to ask others to obtain dns address , to connect to internet , dns info is required as well
you can ruin the processor , your data , and possibly your skin ( ouch ! ) . according to " risks of overclocking your cpu " [ aimed at desktop pcs ] , the risks include : success : the processor may overclock perfectly , and run stably for many years to come . there are thousands of people who have done this , and i am certainly not going to deny it . this is the best case outcome . immediate destruction : it is possible to totally destroy a processor by attempting to overclock it . by destruction , i mean that the processor will not boot at the higher speed , and when returned to its normal speed , will continue to not function . this is basically the worst case outcome . this sort of permanent failure is very rare , but it does happen . it is made more likely by using inadequate cooling , and also by being ridiculously aggressive in how far you try to overclock ( i.e. . , trying to run a pentium 75 at 166 mhz . ) non-functionality : the processor may not work at the new speed , but may work fine when returned to its original speed . this is a fairly common outcome when overclocking , and in most cases the processor will not be any the worse for wear . system instability : the processor may boot at the new speed , but you may see the system behave strangely . random hard lockups , parity errors , resource conflicts , strange hard disk problems , beeping , application crashes and [ your os ] refusing to boot are just the tip of the iceberg . particularly insidious are the overclocks that work almost perfectly , because that occasional crash may be due to your operating system , but it may be due to that overclocked chip also . electromigration : when the processor is run at a speed that is higher than it is supposed to be run at , there is a chance that the internal components in the processor may break down over time . the internal features of a cpu are sized in the range of microns . it is possible that when the processor is stressed by running at too high a frequency , along with the extra heat that overclocking incurs , that the actual metal lines inside the processor may form shorts or opens and damage the processor over a period of time . how likely this is to happen , and how long it takes is really not known . the system may work fine for a while and then suddenly stop working . and do not forget that higher speeds means higher heat -- your tiny pocket-sized squeeze-asmuch-as-possible-into-this-small-area has very little in the way of cooling fins . speed it up , and you might overheat . probably will not burn a hole in your pants , though . however , accordin to " big lou " @ modern processors are not harmed by overclocking . you are not altering the voltage , just the multiplier . if anything , the droid will not boot or may act funny , but once you revert back to a slower clock speed , it will be fine ( and that is for higher speeds , mind you ) . anything up to 1.3 is tested to work fine on the droid . heat may rise but the omap3 is rated to around 200 degrees fahrenheit . you will not be getting anywhere near that , and in case you do , you can always set setcpu to roll back the clock speed automatically . ymmv . note how the original text refers to 75 mhz pentiums . ha-hah-ha . this post @ overclockers . com covers the setcpu app , which can adjust speed vs battery performance , start times for clock boosting , etc .
i believe your question is trying to ask ' are there any laptop security devices out there that do not use a kensington lock slot ? ' the answer is , yes . to see a nice list of various types of locks that are available for notebooks and laptops , please see this website . i in no way endorse this seller , however they are one of the few sites that seem to have a nice listing of many kensington-alternative locking devices for laptops . i am merely using it for informative purposes .
unless the rom is specifically designed to allow some kind of default set-up ( and i do not know any that are ) , you can only do this by building the rom yourself from source . you can edit the build scripts to remove any apps or features you do not need , and the source code to change the default settings , then compile a rom image yourself . you do not say why you are flashing a rom every few hours . obviously if you are flashing different roms , changing the source each time is going to be harder than just setting the settings on the device . if it is essentially the same rom you are flashing each time , then you can keep your settings across flashes by simply not wiping the userdata partition when you flash the new rom . bear in mind that if the roms are significantly different , this may make the new rom unstable , because it is trying to use settings files that were written by the old rom .
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
there are a lot of alarm clocks around , and b"h one of them should solve your issue . i am using alarmdroid , which in its " advanced settings " has an option saying " rings max 10 minutes " ( set by default ) , and just below a checkmark for " change to snooze-mode afterwards " ( also enabled by default ) -- so you could disable snooze mode , which would solve your issue ( as the alarm would automatically turn off after 10 minutes ) . though i would prefer to have snooze mode , plus an option to say " stop the alarm after xx if the user did not respond " -- some other app may have that , or it could be requested of the developer . the argument of " shomer shabbat " may be convincing for him ( as pointing to a group of interested customers which might chose his pro version for this feature ) . edit : while searching for something else , i just stumbled upon shabbos alarm . the name alone seems to answer your question , does not it ? it allows you to . . . [ . . . ] set multiple alarms , choose which ringtones you want to ring , and set how long the alarms will ring for . it works perfectly whether you call it shabbos alarm , shabbat alarm , shabbis alarm , or any other kind of alarm for that matter :- ) did not try it out ( yet ) , but thought you might be interested to hear about . . .
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
try clearing you data and cache on the download manager . . . menu button > settings applications > manage applications ( wait 15-30 sec to load ) > download manager clear cache and clear data .
maybe you are flashing an ancient rom , where the built-in apps all are now outdated ? for a fast way to stop downloads , shut off the wifi , 3g , and all connectivity ?
if you are rooted , you could use an app such as mybackup root or titanum backup to backup opera mini , and then restore it on the new device . it is not possible if you are not rooted .
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
if you are happy to root your tablet , you can use multi-user app share . with this , purchase/install all apps for the tablet as the administrator user , then you can choose which of these apps is available to other users . this way , you do not need to set up an email address for each child , and the child will never have access to your account . if you give the child an email address in due course , then ( s ) he can access his/her emails without seeing yours . warning : multi-user app share is currently in beta .
if your children use your google account , you could install some kind of app locker to stop them opening the gmail app and reading your emails . the newer google play versions also allow you to apply a pin to purchases - which would probably be handy in this place . if they use your google account , they will have access to all the apps that you have purchased , but if they do not then they will have to be purchased again . if you do not want to use your email address/google account for your children , then you would have to make them one , if they were to use google play . you could keep the passwords , and install an app locker to prevent the gmail app from opening . the only issue with them having their own accounts would be that you would have to re-buy apps for their accounts . for your number 2 point , you can have an unlimited number of devices with a single google account - it will not remove apps from your phone , but it may download apps if they are backed up . to counteract this , you will have to make sure you untick the ' restore data from this google account ' option when setting up the google account .
another alternative if you have a rooted device , or are willing to root it , is appshare ( + ) . ( full disclosure : i am the developer ) . it mimics the method that google uses to enable/disable apps on a user account . you can install it on your primary account , and then select which of your apps you had like to " share " ( enable ) with each of your kids ' accounts . you also have the ability to " unshare " ( disable ) system or user apps . so you could remove the gmail app , or even the play store app , to prevent your kids from getting at stuff that you would not want them to . i have found that this works best when you remove system apps from a " fresh " user – i.e. one that has not had a google account set up on it yet . for paid apps however , you may – depending on how their licencing works – have to add the google account that you used to purchase the app , to the user that you wish to share the paid app with in order for it to work . the play store description explains what can be done , and some of the limitations , in more detail .
i am using android 2.1 and the latest official facebook app . i go to the gallery and long-press on an image . in the menu , select share and in the list of apps displayed choose facebook . i immediately am taken to a text field where i can type in a caption . by default the images are sent to the mobile uploads folder/album , but you can create a new album and specify that as your desired upload location .
assuming you have one specific ringtone picked out : take the audio file and loop it yourself ( using something simple like audacity ) and make it the length of a ring ( typically 30 seconds ) .
most likely , the culprit is the faulty hardware . send it back for replacement or repair , if it is still on the warranty . there is nothing you can do yourself .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
under settings , wi-fi , , modify network , advanced options , ip settings , you should have a choice of static or dhcp . choosing static adds input boxes for ip address , gateway , network prefix , and dns . if you do not have this , i suggest trying a third-party app such as wifi manager . finally , if you are really talking about where in the filesystem this is stored , it is in /data/misc/wifi/ipconfig.txt , and is managed by the WifiConfigStore class . this is not a public api and is only used from class WifiStateMachine . however , you can find out the format of this file by viewing the source : wificonfigstore . java .
you did not say what phone you have , or what android version , so here 's a summary . physical cables if your phone supports mhl and your tv does as well ( almost all hdmi tvs do ) , then you can connect the phone to the tv with an mhl cable . there are two kinds of cables : a standard one , and a special one for certain kinds of samsung phones . see how does mhl work ? for more details . usually , the tv mirrors the phone screen ( i.e. . it displays the same thing at the same resolution ) , but android offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . this is commonly used by media players and presentation apps . the oldest hdmi tvs do not support mhl , so you will need a slightly different type of adaptor to connect your phone . you can tell these adaptors because they have an extra input for an external power supply ( often a micro-usb socket ) . apart from that , it works the same way . if your phone supports slimport some phones use slimport instead of mhl , such as the nexus 4 . you can not tell by looking at the phone : both slimport and mhl use the usb-on-the-go connector . you have to know which one your phone uses . with the appropriate adaptor , you can connect your slimport phone to any hdmi , displayport , or vga input . just like mhl , once you have done this the tv screen will mirror the phone screen , or some apps can display different content . if your phone supports hdmi a few phones and tablets have mini-hdmi or micro-hdmi outputs , but this has largely been replaced by mhl and slimport . if you do have one of these outputs , you will need the appropriate cable to connect it to an hdmi input , and just like mhl or slimport , it'll mirror the phone screen , or display different content in apps that support it . chromecast if you have a chromecast and android 4.4 or later and your tv has hdmi input , then you can use that to mirror the phone screen on the tv wirelessly . plug the chromecast into your tv , and use the chromecast app to help set it up . as with mhl , android also offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . if you have a chromecast and earlier android versions you can still use chromecast with media player apps that support it , including youtube , play movies , and the gallery on some devices . you just can not mirror the phone display to the tv .
the handcent sms app allows for custom template messages .
i got the solution ! somehow i could get into the settings menu by turning aeroplane mode on and starting google maps ( which is on my home screen ) . google maps then sends you to settings . in there i can scroll using three fingers . ps : i feel stupid : )
slimport is not supported on the moto g ( nor is mhl ) . you can find a list of compatible devices on the slimport website .
there are obviously some serious issues with your configuration and possibly ( the battery issue ) the device . if you cannot access the device with the pattern or your gmail login , you will need to factory reset it . with all the other issues you are having , it is probably your best option anyway . plus if you send it for repair , that will be the first thing that gets done to it anyway .
but i am not using p2p ! => p2p in this context is not meant in the sense of " peer-to-peer file sharing " . it is a type of socket communication -- think of it as " point-to-point": one point is your device , the other might be the/your router where it should connect to . the error message you quoted can be found in the android code of wifi/wifi . c , in a part suggesting it is a wpa issue ( i am not an android programmer , so i cannot tell for sure ) . your problem was e.g. also reported in a german post at androidpit ( google-translated variant ) . the reporter there found an easy solution : resetting the router solved it for him . in case this does not work for you , more information might be found using this google search .
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
you will need to get one of samsung 's hdmi adapters . the tab 7 plus , 8.9 and 10.1 do not support the old rca adapter , to my knowledge . the page for the adapter also has a search bar where you can enter your specific device 's model number to ensure that it will be compatible . at that point , i believe it works like other honeycomb tablets in that it will simply mirror to the tv automatically after being plugged in .
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
no , this is not feasable . i take it you now have an israel cell phone now , and you are trying to get youmail on that . youmail is a u.s. based service , so even if you got forwarding to work for voicemail , it would eat up into your balance like nothing else . it would be the same as you calling the u.s. based number every time someone left a voicemail ; i am sure israel to u.s. calls are not free . however , if your u.s. friends still call your old u.s. cell phone , those will still get directed to youmail ( assuming the cell phone account is still active ) . you would simply check the messages via the internet .
market > my app > ( an app ) > [ check ] allow automatic updating
android market apks are monitored , and you will be notified when an update is available . there should also be a checkbox on the market page for each of them allowing you to specify automatic updating ; the developer has a case-by-case override for that for when it might lead to loss of data .
.zip files are generally flashable from recovery , odin 's .tars are indeed a completely different format . if flashing a kernel you can convert them relatively easily ( thought i will not get into it here ) but it will not work for a whole rom . you will need to find an odin package . xda is your best bet , but see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
you can tar all the content . then , you can use it with odin .
use 7-zip to unzip and repackage as . tar file ( the same way as you had zip files )
what are these icons : mysterious icons on your start screen or ads clogging your notification bar is a way developers have to monetize their software . usually the majority of these ads come from mobile marketing firms that work with app developers for some way to make money from their smartphone software . there is an extensive article covering this subject at techhive : sneaky mobile ads invade android phones what can you do : you can use an app to scan and identify possible installed apps that are causing this on your device : airpush detector this is a simple android application which detects other installed applications which appear to use known notification ad frameworks and offers the user the ability to easily uninstall them . if your device is running android 4.1 " jelly bean " or higher , you do not need this app anymore ! you can just press and hold on notifications and your device will tell you who is generating them . addons detector addons detector detects addons used by your installed applications . it has all the tools to find push notification ads and icon ads . if you are looking for the app that uses airpush or other push notifications , you can easily find the app and uninstall . besides push notifications , using this app is a great way to see what advertising agencies apps use , and what tools they have integrated . not satisfied with the above apps : many more can be found with a search for airpush at google play store .
the generic answer is that ' you should install an app that scans other apps for modules that display ad notifications and install apps that you did not ask for ' . i had this problem and i solved it by downloading such a program and scanning all my apps . sure enough , something i had installed recently was loaded with modules that do these things . if i am allowed to say the name of the program i used , it was called ' addons detector '
i had the same problem . the easy way to do it is to remove all those icons . after this , check for default page on internet navigator , sometime changed to some google like site . go to settings -> applications and look for any application you installed without google play . delete every suspicious application . i think you will be done with this . : )
all apps ( root or not ) have a default data directory , which is /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; . by default , the apps databases , settings , and all other data go here . if an app expects huge amounts of data to be stored , or for other reasons wants to " be nice to internal storage " , there is a corresponding directory on the sdcard ( Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . apart from that , all apps can store data anywhere on the sdcard , as there are no restrictions -- and many apps do so . they can use directory names freely ( and they again do ) , which is what often makes it hard to decide what all that " junk " on the card is intended for , and what of it can be deleted . though , as tom pointed out , root-apps could store their data almost everywhere on your device , they usually follow the same rules as other apps . you can find a general explanation of the android directory hierarchy in my answer here . for your specific question i might add some more details on the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( and corresponding sd-part ) : databases/: here go the app 's databases lib/: libraries and helpers for the app files/: other related files shared_prefs/: preferences and settings cache/: well , caches there might be several more directories in this place , or fewer -- it all depends on the app . in its own " home directory " ( and that is what it basically is , spoken linux-wise ) they can place files where they want . usually , these files and directories are only accessible by the app itself ( and root , of course ) -- other than those stored on the sdcard , which are accessible by all apps .
the answer to your question you are asking is too big . i can , however , give you a basic answer which covers the basics . there are two kinds of apps : root and non-root . root apps can basically store/modify files wherever they want . non-root apps can only store/modify files here : /sdcard/ and every folder what comes after . mostly , the installed apps store themselves at /sdcard/Android/data or /sdcard/Android/obb . some apps store their save games/configuration data files on /sdcard/APPNAME/ , or just on the /sdcard/ to be able to use root apps , you will need to have rooted your android device and have given permission from one of the superuser apps .
try Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail . on my fascinate this pops up with a dialog box where i can enter a new voicemail number immediately . on my evo ( cyanogenmod ) i have to go into Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail Settings-&gt;Voicemail Number to get the same box , so it is very similar but does take an extra step .
did you make a nandroid backup before your update ? if no then here is the problem and solution that i faced recently . on my walton primo g1 ( a local branded phone manufacturer is gionee ) i got an update from 4.0.3 to 4.1.1 . so as-usual i decided to update my phone . but after updating my phone i faced frequent crash and had to reset my phone to update it again . however , after this time whenever , i went to market to download anything it prompted the low device storage message . even i am using my browser and surfing on net , it freezes and gave me a notification that low memory on device . so i looked into my device storage and found only 13 mb were free on my rom . solution : so , i decided to root my phone and to use a custom rom . but after rooting when i went to root/data/data file path , i found all those apps data that i installed previously on ics rom are still there , which is about 350mb ( internal space 500mb and 412mb is user available on my phone ) . so , i just went to cwm and did wipe data+wipe cache+wipe delvic cache and re-flashed the rom . and my problem was gone . i do not know about your case here , but it seemed way like my problem . so , you can also give that a try . just wipe data , cache and delvic memory and flash your phone with the stock jb ( which you can download from the samsung website ) rom again with odin . and this should fix your issue . hope that helps
the reason this happens is that the newer versions of android will only let apps install to internal memory . on older versions ( such as gingerbread ) an app could install on the sd card or be moved there . for the newer versions of android an application can store it is data on the sd card if that is the way it is designed , but the app itself will be installed to internal storage . this is a problem i ran into a lot working for verizon and customers were not pleased , as you can imagine . outside of rooting your phone i am not aware of a good option to fix this issue .
here is what could have happened . when you went from 2.3 to 4 . + , android created user folders . so now you have all of your data in /storage/emulated/0 where it was /storage/emulated/ before . each number , is the user on the device , so if you have multiple folks using the device , they have a folder for all of their apps and stuff . now it has all the old stuff in the emulated , and all the new stuff in emulated/0 . when you look at your storage through an app , it ignores anything that is under the /0/ folder , and therefore you can not see the extra space that is being taken up . the only way that i had to deal with that was to wipe the device clean . if you are not rooted , make a backup of your photos , wipe the device , and you should see the boost in your on-board storage . source : had this happen going from ics to jb on a samsung phone . going into cwm/twrp ( do not remember which ) and deleting contents from /emulated/ solved the problem .
looks like your standard charset problem . the file 's in utf-16 and the app only supports utf-8 , or you do not have the font for the " weird " characters , etc . more than likely there is nothing you can do ; android internationalization support is pretty bad and most apps do not even try .
possible workaround : turn the ebook folder into a symlink to the dropbox folder . or if subfolders word , create a dropbox symlink inside ebook .
it does not look like the update failed . what it is asking for is your google credentials . if the update you applied failed , you most likely would be at the " android " boot and it would just loop , or you had have a black screen . the adp1 device is sim unlocked , you said you have the developer version of the g1 . you do not need to have a t-mobile sim , an at and t sim will work . make sure you have the google usb drivers for the device installed . you could also install a version of cyanogenmod on the device , i believe that allows you to use wifi to authenticate . i found this tutorial on how authenticate via wifi , but keep in mind , this device is a couple years old now and i do not know if the files needed are still available .
you can follow this guide to bypass the activation screen . it requires reverting back to rc29 rom ( downgrading back to 1.0 ) , and having adb and htc drivers installed on your pc . the reason for installing rc29 is that this version has a flaw that treats anything you type as if it was typed into the terminal . you will be exploiting this flaw to enable adb access and bring up the settings menu , from which you can enable wifi and activate the device . with a sim card installed in your htc g1 , turn on the phone . plug your t-mobile htc g1 to you pc usb and install drivers on the windows xp machine . once it ask you for registration type on the keyboard the following : [ enter ] setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 [ enter ] *even though you don’t see what you are typing , but you are actually executing a command on your g1 to enable usb debugging in settings . you will notice that the command worked , because windows xp will recognize a new hardware device . “htc dream composite adb intefase” . install the driver by pointing to the folder where you downloaded the usb drivers . unzip the adb tool software into the “c:\adb” windows xp folder . on windows xp , click start -> run -> cmd” to command prompt type c:\adb devices ( if your device is connected u will see it ) type c:\adb shell ( you will see a $ sign ) just copy and paste this into command prompt : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.Settings the settings screen will appear on the htc g1 phone . now switch on wi-fi , connect to the wifi network you have and connect to the internet . now you can either login with your existing account or create new account with google . after your g1 is activated , you can then flash a custom firmware ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) or a pre-rooted stock 1.6 rom that will allow you to re-activate your g1 over wifi without resorting to exploits .
there is a new app in the market called " google voice text reader " or " txt2speech " . this will read your google voice text messages aloud . unlike " talkback " , it will not announce every single touch / event etc that happens on your phone , just your google voice messages . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.mikesell.voicereader
you can not do this with google voice . apps such as talkback can only read what you have on your input box . since google did not open their api , we can not really make an app for google voice . you could always copy the message content to your input box but that kind of defeats the purpose of having the feature of text-to-speech .
if in your settings for google voice , you enable the feature to have your voicemail translated to text , then you have the option to : send an e-mail notifying you when you get a text or voice mail , then your reader will read your e-mail notifications and you will get your google voice messages and text read to you .
if you have a stock android phone , or certain more recent versions ( i think gingerbread on ) , then you can use talkback ( either as a separate app or in the accessibility settings ) , which does generic text reading on your phone , and should read most things . it does read any notifications which come through , which should include google voice ( though i am in the uk so i can not actually test this ) . it is designed for blind or partially sighted people , and may not be a perfect fit , but it possibly the best option out there so far . if you want something that does generic reading , then it must be an accessibility app , as only they have permission to read the text from other apps . i do not think google voice exposes an external api , which is why you are not able to find an app which specifically offers this capability .
does the galaxy tab 10.1 usb adapter allow you to plug in an external web camera ? no and if it does not , are there any tablets that do ? Acer Iconia Tab A500 it all depends on the kernel configuration . you can install custom kernel on any device to make it to allow external camera . it is a lengthy process and involves rooting the phone .
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
are you using a custom rom ? it may have adblock enabled behind the scenes . as a work-around , try the ad block remover .
looking at what the app does , and the fact that it needs root , it looks like one of the methods that it uses to block ads is to make changes to the device 's central hosts file . 1 2 this changes the way that dns works on the device so that any requests by an app to connect to certain internet servers are given a bogus ip address , and the attempt to talk to the ad serving server fails . in fact it looks like adfree downloads and uses the mvps list of hosts file entries list of host file entries ( the file is available for download here ) . based on that i would assume that what is happened is that when you were using adfree it downloaded that list of hosts file entries and saved them into the central hosts file on your phone ( this would require root access ) , but when you uninstalled the app it did not undo the changes it made to the hosts file . if you just want to be able to connect to admob servers to test your app then you could edit your hosts file to remove just google 's admob servers from the list , it looks like they are all called something .admob.com . alternatively you could edit your hosts file and remove all entries from it that point to 127.0.01 , which should set you back to a default setup , with nothing being blocked . more on editing your hosts file here : guide to editing /etc/hosts .
first , root your phone . if it denies root access , go to the superuser website and download the latest superuser and binary packages . after that , reboot in recovery and install the packages . finally , boot your phone up normally and clear the data of superuser . then , run superuser and try updating the binaries and baaaam works like a charm !
thanks to " eldarerathis " for the comment . basically unlock bootloader does not mean you will have root access to your device . even though you can install an entire new operating system still rooting your phone must be done inside the os . so if you trying to root your htc device check unrevoked . com . for other devices i found a reliable tutorial at http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-20054428-285/how-to-root-your-android/. please note unlock bootloader or rooting your device may void your warrantee .
ohkay i did not found any custom rom from this specific device karbonn a5+ neither tried to cook one myself , but i learnt some facts about it , so just putting them here so that others may get some help . drivers at the said source site are compatible with karbonn a5+ , though they have been said to be of karbonn a5 at the source site . the custom cwm at the said source site is incompatible with karbonn a5+ about stock recovery - i already said it in comments , just repeating it out here : my phone is detected as w650 by adb devices command . the stock recovery provided in other video by same person is for many firmwares including w619 and w650 as it lists while running . so i tried it and it worked . however the cwm recovery seems to be for w619 only . though i still not know from where these numbers w650 , w619 came from , the internal firmware code ? i will like to know this . honestly i think this device cannot take on ics or jellybean nicely because of its low ram . so just stick to stock gingerbread - its fine . in fact i got another device which runs jellybean on 512mb ram and 1ghz dual core processor . i always feel that my old phone running gingerbread is smoother than this newer one - at least at basic swipe transitions/animations . jellybean feels bloaty/resource intensive , but is surely smoother than ics .
turns out the procedure worked . the imei is blacklisted by the foreign network at the time of the test .
most apps , when they want to choose an image , use an implicit intent , which just says what they want to do , and does not specifically name the gallery app . this means that any app that can perform that action can be started , and if you have more than one , you get the chooser to choose which to launch . this is the normal behaviour . you will not get a chooser if you have previously clicked always in the chooser to set one app as the default , or if the calling app uses an explicit intent , naming the gallery app specifically . it is best to check the first case . in the device settings , go to the list of all apps , and find the gallery . click it to go into that app 's info page , then click clear defaults . if clear defaults is greyed out , then it is not set as the default for anything . if you still do not get a chooser , then it is the second case : the calling app is specifically asking for the gallery , not just for any app that can choose an image . only the author of the calling app can fix this .
apparently , droidx uses ecryptfs following are mount options on /data/data : rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime,ecryptfs_sig=****************, ecryptfs_cipher=aes,ecryptfs_key_bytes=32,ecryptfs_passthrough  i would imagine this means that encryption key here is 32 bytes , which is 256 bits , which seems pretty good to me .
here 's a list of valid vcard fields separated into supported/unsupported by android 's vcard importer : vcardconstants . java it currently ( 4.3 ) says , org is supported while categories is not . check it yourself for more clarification . you may also want to compare what has changed in 4.0/4.1/4.2/4.3 here .
your device must be rooted if you want to control per apps connection ability . you may use avast ' s firewall feature than .
go to settings , accounts and disable sync . it will reduce your data consumption by a lot . you still can check for emails manually though when sync is off . remember this is the only way to get fresh mails then : )
the app " my data manager " will not prevent certain apps and processes from using your wifi , but it is a mighty tool to analyze your traffic . if i was you , i would first of all check what is using how much data at home in normal life and then try to find out how to allow or disallow certain apps the wifi access .
depending on how comfortable it should be , what android version is in use , and whether root is available , there might be multiple approaches : turn wifi off completely , and just activate it for checking mail/initiating a sync , after which you disable it again . this should work on any device , regardless of the android version . disabling background data unfortunately is restricted to mobile data only , but you could " trick " that with higher android versions : i am not sure when this was introduced ( for sure after 4.0 , as i can not find it on my phone ) , but it is possible to define certain wifi networks as " mobile hotspot " ( i.e. . another mobile device is providing it ) , so it would be dealt with like a mobile connection – which means , the " restrict background data " setting should apply when connected to it . then use the " restrict background data " feature to disable all " background traffic " ( i.e. . all transfers you did not explicitly trigger in the foreground app ) . this way your web browser would still work if you load it , mail check should do when manually triggered from within your mail app , etc . root access on the device gives you even more flexibility . you could use any firewall app to keep apps from using any data , etc .
and there is the talking clipboard app available . reads some file formats directly ( such as html and epub ) , even reads pages marked with the " pocket " app ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . can read everything from the clipboard .
there is accessibility under settings that has all kinds of options for the vision impaired ( i believe it installs an app called talk back ) . i am not sure how readily you can use this or for which apps , but i have heard it is very good ( i am not vision impaired - so i have never used it myself - but it might be what you are looking for ) .
download apex launcher-- it has full support for themes and transitions , icons , etc- for icon packs , " adw icons " is a good keyword to use- since apex will use adw icons .
you could also go with go launcher , amongst many other choices .
the official xda discussion for cf auto-root ( the tool op linked ) includes the following line : note that if your device had not been unlocked before , this procedure will wipe all your data ! so to answer your question : does rooting format the /sdcard/ partition ? no , rooting alone will not format the partition mounted at /sdcard/ . when i root for the first time , or root using a tool , could this happen ? yes . when using a tool provided by a third party ( eg : not you or google ) , then you are following the steps their tool defines . when you first gain root , one of the steps involves unlocking the bootloader . this is really only necessary once , unlocking the bootloader will perform a full factory reset , erasing everything .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
android provides different methods for localization . some of them are network based , some cell based , some gps based , some mixed ( well , that was simplified ) . so yes : you could use plain gps without network . might take a little longer to get your initial fix , though . ( assisted gps aka agps can speed this up , but requires a network connection . ) and quite logically yes to your second question as well , as far as gps is concerned . for map data , if it is already downloaded to your device , no data connection is required either . but if you need updates while on the way , or want to be updated about traffic , things are certainly a little different .
yes you can . there are some tools to provide you with this functionality , e.g. helium - app sync and backup . if your device is rooted , this app should work out-of-the-box . otherwise you will need to initialize it once after each device start ( reboot ) , which then requires a pc with adb . as requested in the comments , a few hints on how to get helium started on a non-rooted device . first , this requires you to have at least a basic setup of adb done on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . having met that , it should be as easy as enabling usb-debugging on your android device , connecting it via usb to the pc , and run the helper script downloaded from helum 's web page . the last 3 steps have to be repeated only once after each reboot of the device , and activate a background process helium itself requires but cannot start itself ( the user via adb has higher privileges than an app in user-space , and thus can ) .
is there something wrong with the default keyboard on the device ? very odd though that would be marked incompatible for you since it is such a basic app and by google . there are lots of ways developers can put filters on their apps however can even omit specific devices , countries , and carriers if they choose . there are few options you can try from here http://www.howtogeek.com/138500/
/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib contains the name of the runtime library you wish to use - libart.so or libdvm.so . so , you can switch back to dalvik like so : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' source
my friend had the exact same problem after switching to art on his moto e ( unfortunately the process com.android.phone has stopped ) , and this worked for him : power the phone off , then power it back on . if it gets stuck in a boot loop where it keeps going to the Android is upgrading... screen ( possibly showing the wrong number of apps--for my friend it was showing 19 apps ) , hold down the power button until it turns off , then turn it back on . at this point it should go back to the Android is upgrading... screen , but this time it should show the correct number of apps , finish successfully , and the phone should work normally .
when i went to service center with this problem , they gave the reason that this is because of a full battery drainage . and they were correct . after recharging the battery it worked . it was unexpected . also after a few days it again showed this message but after restarting the phone it worked again . i suspect the problem has to be something related to battery or charging . its now a month i am not getting this error . i am glad that i was not able to try the above methods .
you can check " adb shell getevent " to see which events are coming at the time of this high cpu . that may help .
i have ended up using tasker , it is trivial to create a task to kill a specific application ( google chrome ) , than add a shortcut ( widget ) to that task on the screen . edit : i have actually created a task that not only kills chrome , but restarts it afterwards as well , all in one click :
get a process killing app from the market like ' advanced task killer ' , it will allow you select which processes you would like to kill and then do so by clicking a single " kill " button . warning ! ! of course forcibly " killing " a process is not recommended as it can break your application ( think of what would happen if a process is writing to file and then is suddenly terminated , you could end up with a corrupt asset ! ! ! ) or even , in worse conditions , harm your system . you will either have to wait for it to close by itself or just use a different browser . so the answer is yes , but do not do this .
you can simply download yahoo ! mail and manage your e-mail as you want .
as roxan already pointed out : what you want is imap for all your e-mail accounts , configured with an android client ( e . g . k-9 mail ) .
yes , as far as i know you can only connect it to your smart tv or blueray player to play media storage ; like videos , music , photos , etc . i do not think they have live playback for android , but they do for psp go .
although i think micro-usb/hdmi adapter connection is a better option if your phone supports it and you have the required hardware , another option for viewing your screen on the computer is is to use usb debugging mode capabilities , which does not require special hardware beyond your usb cable . essentially , you enable usb debugging mode on the phone . you install the android sdk on your computer . you probably will also have to install usb drivers for your phone model as well that are not the default drivers that do usb folder storage only . and then you download an application called android screencast to your pc and run it . it is slightly laggy , so it is not ideal for , say , watching a video off your phone , but if your screen dies or something , it can be a lifesaver . a detailed tutorial on how to get android screencast up and running is here : http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/42491/how-to-remote-view-and-control-your-android-phone/
this is what developers use to show applications to an audience : http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/software-engineer/project-your-android-phones-screen-onto-a-larger-display/
the way i do it is i connect my phone to my tv by using a micro usb to yellow video input and use my curtis 5.1 dolby surround sound with a female red and white to male audio ( headset connecter ) .
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
chromecast recently added the ability to cast your phone screen to the tv . most nexus devices have this support via the os , and others will require an update to the chromecast app . this feature is working well with good resolution and a small amount of latency , so if you have one give it a shot .
unfortunately , you did not specify your android version : ( however : android 4 . x onwards : open up your People app . look for an entry called Me . click it . click the picture at the top , and select either take picture or select from gallery . take or select a picture , crop it and your done ! android ≤ 4 . x : note : it has been a while since i tried this - i cannot remember if it works or not open your Contacts app . add a new entry , call it Me or just add your name in like usual . add your number fully . you may want to add it twice ( with and without country code ) . add a picture to that contact you just created . voila ! the picuture is now in sms ! other method : i noticed that on some contact apps , there is a ' my contact card ' or something like that in the menu . if you have it , you can use it to set your picture as well .
first , you need a rooted device . then , have a look at this , it is maybe what you are searching for .
i did it like this : go to settings&rarr ; application manager&rarr ; all . there to " internet browser " , click on that and delete that " is default " . when next time started the desktop link asked me for default browser .
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
while j0chn 's description works ( and also does work for other " default apps" ) , it might not be the most user-friendly approach . as android itself does not offer anything else , you might want to pick a helper . default app manager is such a helper : default app manager ( source : google play ) ; click images to enlarge as the screenshots show , this app lists up default apps defined and lets you clear those defaults -- but it also lets you define them .
install call master . create a list of important people and set actions normal . create a list for everyone and set actions to mute . create a profile and put 1st list on top and 2nd list at bottom ( the sequence matters ) . at the time of your requirement of question , just activate the profile of step 3 . the app requires root access to block calls silently , but i am not sure that root access is required to mute or not . i have not tested it on a non-rooted device . if your device is not rooted , first test it with the trial of the app available in play store .
the short of it in tasker is to create a new profile as follows : new profile : context : time from : 22:00 to : 6:30 context : state> phone call type : incoming number : c:fav ( this is any starred contact , you can also list specific contacts if you like ) task new action : audio setting > ringer volume level : 7 exit task new action : audio setting> silent mode mode : on i will try to update later with screenshots and more in depth walkthrough .
i recommend sanity which is free and open source . it has many calling-related features , such as call filtering by caller name , that you can set it to get silent when some people call you . these two features , copied from description of the app , would really help you : . . . block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller ! urgent calls : choose what phone numbers your phone will ring or vibrate also when it is in silent mode . . . .
call filter alarm appears to do that . do you use your smartphone as alarm ? do you want to choose the people who can contact you while sleeping ? if you simply leave you smartphone turned on , you risk that anybody can wake you up , or . . . you use call filter alarm ! using this innovative app , you can define all the alarms you need with the possibility to specify , for every single alarm , who can call you , shutting up all other calls / sms notifications and intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode . how it works : define the alarm choose who can call you ( if needed ) before going to sleep , enable sleep mode your phone will ring only for who you decided . other calls / sms will happen in silent mode and you will be able to see them as lost when you will wake up . in addition to the particular call and sms filters feature , using call filter alarm you can : intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode , silent mode with a single button : the sleep mode personalize sleep mode as you want set tone , volume and vibration for allowed call and allowed sms set volume , volume increment , snooze , tone ( music or ringtone ) , vibration for every single alarm in addition to application level daily alarm repetition incremental alarm volume multilanguage ( english and italian now available )
relatively new app : criticall pro ( trial version ) criticall allows you to easily set “critical” contacts so your phone will ring when those contacts call or text , even when your phone is on silent . features phone rings when critical contacts call you – even when phone is set to silent ! works for texts set as many “critical” contacts as you want scheduler - set custom times for contacts groups unlimited number of groups ( friends , family , work , clients , etc ) unlimited number of contacts within each group change settings once to change the settings for all contacts in the group customizable ringtones and notifications adjustable auto-resume feature will reactivate criticall automatically
on the other note , i also thought that c2dm might have been used to do this , but since my personal device uses 2.1 and c2dm is available to devices having 2.2+ , the possibility of use of c2dm is quite less . it is actually quite plausible for 2.1 market to use c2dm . gtalk , gmail , and many other google apps have always used c2dm internally ( even before it is named c2dm ) . in 2.1 , c2dm exist as gtalk service . in 2.2 , google opened the c2dm api for external developers since they realized that 1 ) most app developers does not have the resources to create a reliable push notification service , 2 ) a unified push service would save battery , 3 ) reliable instant push service is a good selling point for android .
i would think that the market has its " own " push notifications implemented . when i installed a couple apps from the page , they installed almost immediately . this is not the phone asking if there are installs pending , this is the market site pushing the info directly to the device . if you disable sync , it will stop push notifications too .
the autoshare app in the android market can do this . once this app is set up , it is 100% non-interactive &mdash ; you do not have to edit the email or click a " send " button . everything gets filled out and sent in the background . this is a major benefit ! however , the app requires you to set up an email server/password/userid to do that . with gmail it was a breeze to set up . i do not think this app uses the gmmail app &mdash ; it connects straight to google 's smtp server .
the following is a solution that will work if you are sharing images from the browser . this will not work in the gallery though . unfortunately i am not aware of any custom share apps that add to the gallery 's share menu . install bookmarklet free ( it allows you to add services to the " share " menu , including custom ones ) . to make a custom " mail to yourself " bookmarklet just open the app and create a custom bookmarklet that has the following for the starting url : https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&amp;fs=1&amp;tf=1&amp;to=YOUR@EMAIL.COM&amp;su=SUBJECT  replace your@email . com with the email you want to default send to and replace subject with the subject . leave the rest of the fields alone . now in the browser if you are looking at an image you can long click it and choose share and choose your custom bookmarklet .
as per my comment , rename the contact for yourself to " zz " .
have the " saved problem " on a cheap tablet that came with 4.1.1 . tried 3 different wifi networks without success : zyxel p2601hn , tomato and dd-wrt . i was about to return the tablet but , as a last resort tried connecting it to an android phone in tethering mode . that worked - so the wifi in the tablet was working ? then i tried a fourth tomato wifi router using 802.1b mode - also successful . it seems this version is picky about the wifi routers ? could it be the channel assignments - maybe some banned channels due to legislation ?
the tablet is fine , it is your router that is the problem . chances are that you are using a cheapie like a belkin or something similar . if its something that you bought from a discount store for about $35 then you are going to have issues with it with the tablet and other wireless stuff . upgrade to a real router , a high-quality dual-band one . the tablet will work without any connection problems after you do this .
i faced the same issue . after struggling for a few hours , i found the solution . login to your wi-fi router and change the wi-fi channel to anything between 5-11/13 . the problem is due to conflict of channels . ( i did google but no help . then from my experience , i figured out this solution ) one more thing , if your router allows you change data retry and rts retry settings , then change them to 128 . for some reason , at times ubislate 7c+ 's wi-fi adapter does not respond on time and the router thinks that it has gone out of coverage . so , the device does not get connected .
http://mhotspot.com/blog/fix-obtaining-ip-address-android-wifi-problem/ the above static ip solution is a workaround . the real solution involves changing file permission on a root file . fortunately , my ubislate had root access , with help of x-plore file manager , was able to change permission of dhcpcd-run-hook file to read-execute ( no write ) in the /system/etc/dhcpcd directory . works like a charm . more details in the below url http://androidforums.com/avail-all-things-root/583407-easy-real-wifi-fix-obtaining-ip-address-loop-found-me.html
i recently had this problem with my nexus 7 running kitkat 4.4.2 . i fixed the problem by rebooting my router ( netgear dg834gt )
i had the same problem with my asus tablet . everything was working fine until one day it stopped connecting . not a geek so i tried everything that you have done ( all of that ! ! ! ) and as a last resort went to my router settings and turned of the " lock " . the asus connected immediately . turned the lock back on and it still connects . the only issue i have now is that any time that i turn off the tablet or take it away from the network , i have to go through the same process as before . tell me if that works through this website .
this is caused by the sms limit in android . you can install this sms limit tool in xda to get around this issue . note : your phone must be rooted . if you are feeling generous to the developer , there is a paid version in google play .
there is a new app on google play that supports even new versions of android ( i tried all the other tools but they stop working if you are on android 4.1 or higher ) . it lets you change the number of messages you can send per hour ( default is 30 or 100 , but it lets you change that up to 2,000 per hour ) of even remove the limit completely . google play link : sms limit unlock
why that complicated ? there is no xprivacy or other tool required to prevent your device from syncing contacts with google . it is rather a question of your settings : if on account creation you decided to " backup your data with google " , you might want to re-consider this , as this might include more personal data than just your contacts in settings→accounts and sync you can define what should be synced with your online accounts ( not restricted to google ) . switch off what you do not want to be synchronized . in your contacts app , you can chose the " default storage " . using something other than " google " here would also keep new entries from being sync'ed with google . note , however , that you cannot move existing entries between the several possible storages directly ; you might need to export them , remove them , and ( after switching your default storage ) re-import them . btw : same applies to your calendar . except there i do not know of any export/import feature in the calendar app , so for this part you probably need a 3 rd party app .
one method to install an application without sd card is to use adb tool ( android debug bridge ) . it is a tool for development . it will let you install your apk file using console . what you have to do : install adb tool to your computer connect your device to your computer with a cable copy apk file you want to install to the folder where your adb tool is . in this folder you have to find adb file . start your console - terminal ( on linux ) or command prompt ( on windows ) from your console you have to go to the folder in #3 - to do this use cd command type command " adb devices " - you have to see that your device is connected . type command " adb install myapplication . apk "
send yourself the apk through gmail ?
i do not really know a real solution for your problem , because i cannot remember when i had to accept that ( too long ago ) . but i have some suggestions you could try : try to wait , maybe there is some kind of interval before the button appears try to use the menu option , maybe there is a menu option for accepting the tos ( i doubt it though ) contact samsung support , maybe they have already encountered this problem before
try launching it and waiting a bit - eventually , it should turn into google play and you can accept the terms fine .
this is a little bit strange , what you are writing , because i have exactly the same Samsung Galaxy Tab GT-P1000 right here , with me , and i see absolutely no problems . i just did a factory reset of this device , to test your issue . i taped on Market icon . tabled asked me to provide my google account details , what i did . right after that i saw license text and buttons to accept and decline , in the bottom of the screen . note : these buttons are not in the end of license text , instead they are always floating on the screen , so you can always see them , no matter , where in the license text you are . after clicking Accept my tablet automatically updated Market icon to Google Play icon and shown me on-screen information about this change . i have been doing this ( factory reset , license acceptance and Market to Google Play update ) at least few times and have never encountered problems , like you described . if you still unable to see that Accept button or access Market / Google Play service , then i fear that factory reset of your device is the only option you are left with .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
if you pull down the context menu from the top , and select the notification that it is plugged in with the usb device , you should be presented with different options for how you want the phone to treat your usb connection . select the media device ( mtp ) option and you should now be able to browse the files on your phone just like you would any other usb data device .
you can transfer music to your device using windows media player on windows 7 and windows vista . connect your device to your pc using the supplied usb cable . on your galaxy s3 , go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; USB debugging . open windows media player and click the sync tab on the right . your device should be shown in the sync screen . drag the music tracks you want to sync to your device to the sync list on the right . when you have added all of the tracks , click the start sync option at the top of the screen . when the synchronization is complete , you can disconnect the cable from either your computer or your device . source .
i had a cable which worked well ( charge and data transfer ) until the upgrade to jelly bean 4.1.2 . since the upgrade it will not work and i have to change the cable to labelled data transfer only , so i suggest trying a different cable .
i had the same problem with the phone not being recognised by pc . i tried everything ( uninstalling , usb cable , debugging , kies etc , etc ) . it finally worked after turning off phone and taking out battery ! could not believe it ( but happy now ) .
a few days after i got the android 4.1.1 ota update and rooted it my galaxy s3 failed to recognize the usb connection . removing and then reinstalling the battery allowed my galaxuy s3 to recognize the usb connection . the android file transfer still did not work until i uninstalled kies . now it is working . i appreciate the posts .
this will not help the op , but may help others . i had the same problem , no help with battery removal/power cycling or developer mode usb debugging , etc . finally realized i was using a third-party usb cable ( freebie from costco ) . when i used the samsung cable from the box , it started working again . costco cable still does not work .
i tried a different usb cable and it all came together and started working .
what seems to work for me is ticking the usb debugging box in the developer options . i have been trying all sorts of tricks ( including some of the above , and more ) , but nothing helped . this one does ! hope this will solve your problem . . .
from within jb , unplug cable from handset and follow this : go into settings > about phone scroll down to the bottom now tap on the build number 7 times , to activate the developers options . now the developer 's options is activated ( it is deliberately hidden from settings ) , back out of that screen , developers options should be present , then tap that , look for debugging , tap on usb debugging to put a check-mark on that . then try plugging in the usb cable to handset . . . : ) addendum : even if the usb debugging is selected , un-select it and re-select it . this worked for me .
i have had the same problem with my s3 ever since the update to jb 4.1 . my pc would not recognize my s3 and the phone would not go into the usb debug mode only charging indicator when i plug the usb into the phone . i have solved mine by erasing all cache for apps . not sure which app it was but right after i cleared all my cache i plug it into the pc and it started working again . kies works and usb debugging works .
oh , and something else . . . the " developer options " is not hidden in settings . i found it plain as day listed in the settings menu when i clicked on " more options . "
i just had the same problem tonight . all of a sudden my pc would not recognize my s3 when i connected via the usb . i tried the usb debugging first and restarting . . . did not work . i popped the battery out and restarted , and the usb icon showed up . hope that helps . thanks for all the helpful troubleshooting ; )
i had the same issue and removing my battery and power cycling the phone allowed the computer to recognize it again .
have you checked permissions on your machine ? i have had problems accessing my device over usb because of permissions when i connected a device over usb to a linux box .
here 's what worked for me . i do not know what caused it , but i suspected an exchange server policy triggered it . i deleted those accounts just in case . then i rebooted into recovery mode ( volume up + home held down at boot ) . from the recovery menu , i wiped the cache partition . when it came back up , it saw the usb connection just fine again .
i had this problem after updating as well . i can only presume it was from updating ; i had no issues earlier . my problem was the usb ports on my keyboard and the front panel of my pc would not recognize my s3 . so , i plugged it into the back , and it reinstalled the drivers . it works fine now ; not sure how or why but who am i to argue .
if you have not figured it out by now . the easiest way to fix this is to power your phone down , remove the battery , wait about 30-60 seconds , then put the battery back into the phone . i have had a similar issue and this has fixed it just about every time .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
applications normally store their data in /data/data/com . foo . bar but you will not have access to that via adb on an unrooted device , by design . i do not think there is a way around that without rooting the phone .
that is a broad topic , and hard to answer in short -- as it involves many aspects . as devofzot already pointed out , apps store their " private data " below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; -- a place usually only accessible by the app itself and root . but there are some other places as well , where apps e.g. save their cached data , temporary data , downloads , and more . some good places to start your investigation include : the file-system tag-wiki plus most frequented file-system questions , including questions like e.g. where in the file system are applications installed ? where on the file system are sms messages stored ? highest voted " processes " questions , with things like e.g. how to find application that is opening proccesses is there a way to list all intents and all processes associated with them ? how to find pid of battery service ? why is google maps always running in the background ? the shell tag-wiki and its most frequented questions , like e.g. how can i use shell commands and interact with the linux system underneath ? how can i run a script on boot ? where can i find documentation for shell commands ? as you can see , here at android enthusiasts ( and on other stacks as well ) , tags are a good place when looking for general information : from the navigation bar on top , follow the tags link . on the page that leads you to , you can filter the pretty long list to find those tags which might be of interest to you . move your mouse over the tag-of-interest , and from the popup select " info " . this brings you to the wiki of the corresponding tag , which often contains first-aid and other useful information . from there , use the navigational links to discover most-frequented , highest-rated , and otherwise sorted questions using this tag . you will easily find your way from there , using further links -- be it " amazon-style " links like " questions tagged this were also tagged that " , related questions ( automatically selected by our friendly droids -- ahem , robots ) , or questions manually linked by users . enjoy your research ! btw : if you want to dig even deeper , a good book is andrew hoog 's android forensics and mobile security . it not only explains file structures and how apps work , but also shows weeknesses , attack vectors , and more -- using good examples and a linux vm : )
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
just enter these codes in dial pad . the moment you type the last # key it will automatically open a window with information . ( no need of hitting dial button ) these codes have been confirmed working on galaxy s4 models . *#06# imei number *#0*# test screen *#0283# audio loopback *#2663# firmware and update versions *#12580*369# software and hardware info *#0228# battery status *#2263# rf band selection *#9090# service mode *#7284# uart modem pda *#8736364# update settings *#7353# quick test menu note : none of these codes work on android 4.3 !
you should not trust such a list of secret codes , simply because secret codes are not only device specific but mostly app specific . secret codes are generally defined by the applications installed on the device . if you want to have a valid list of secret codes available on your device , you should use an automated secret codes crawler . i recently developped an open source app that crawls androidmanifest . xml files on your device to found secret codes , and allows you to execute the secret codes available on your device . you can get it on the play store or on the github repository android-secret codes . but keep in mind that sometimes , secret codes are just executing themselves silently ( without visual hint )
download the latest recovery image for your device : international htc one x at and t htc one x connect your phone to computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader and issue : fastboot flash recovery path/to/your/recovery.img boot your phone into recovery . mount sd card to usb in twrp recovery or use adb push to copy your custom rom . zip file to phone . install your custom rom from . zip file in twrp . extract boot . img from root of your rom . zip file to your computer . connect your phone to computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader and issue : fastboot flash boot path/to/your/boot.img restart your phone to see if it can boot okay now .
it is a hardware fault and it may be unlikely you will find one without it i have only seen one that did not have the issue and it was an early sample . returned several myself then got my money back samsung should issue a public statement about this as the camera part of the phone is not fit for its purpose with this fault . probably best to get your money back and wait until samsung come clean about what is going on with this issue . if you do decide to get a different phone with an 8mpix camera do check it out before buying as it could be to do with the sensor supplier and the same sensor may be used in other phones
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
i would take the phone to where ever you bought it from and have them take a look at it . it is most likely some sort of hardware issue that they will be able to take care of .
try quickpic .
you can add this as init.d script , if your rom supports init.d . or else you can patch boot.img with autobootimage patcher from xda . the above script is for mobile data : for wi-fi , change mobile_data to wifi_on .
if you have got root access and you are running a custom rom you should be able to run scripts at boot time . here is a thread on xda that discusses boot time scripts . then you had just need to figure out the commands to disable wifi . on my desire hd the wireless interface is called eth0 . this command should disable wireless : ifconfig eth0 down  whether or not that will disable it permanently i.e. the system will not just do the equivalent of : ifconfig eth0 up  in the background , i do not know . . . i am afraid i do not know much about how the android system handles networking , or at least not enough to help more directly with what to put in the the script !
you can try to automate this with tasker by setting up a task to disable wifi during device boot-up : tap " new " to create a new profile , and give it a name , e.g. " no wifi on boot " . select the " event " from the " first context " pop-up . select the " system " category , and then " device boot " event . tap " new task " and give it a descriptive name like " wifi off " for example . tap the "+" button , select the " net " category , then " wifi " net action , change the " set " drop-down to " off " , and tap the " done " button . tap the " done " button on the " task edit / test " screen . ensure the " on " option is enabled ( bottom-right of the screen ) , and tap the " apply " button . tasker is not free , but worth every penny , imho .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
previously i have used sizable send to transfer very large videos from my phone to my boss 's . you can send them the download link via email or text . alternatively , if the video is not very large you could use dropbox in the same way depending on the file size it might take a while to transfer .
email , or if not cloud storage or instagram direct messaging . if you are close you could also do bluetooth .
there is a setting for them in interface > navigation bar . you should read the instructions there and then proceed . it is similar to cyanogenmod .
to make tasker work with nfc , you can use a nfc plugin : locale nfc plugin does work with tasker ( according to the app description , and as generally locale plugins do work with tasker ) , and should enable you to do what you have described .
you can create the task in nfc launcher , install autoshortcut ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.joaomgcd.autoshortcuthl=en-gb ) and then you can call the nfc launcher task within tasker via the plugins> autoshortcut> configuration> run task . i just got my unrooted note 2 setup to disable powersaving when on usb power and enable it again when i unplug it :- )
be careful with restoring data from system apps , that might break things ( and you will have to factory-reset and start over ) . different roms , different ( structures of ) system apps ( their databases might differ ) . i had that once ; in my case , affected apps ( e . g . sms ) simply force-closed either right at start or shortly thereafter . if you really want/need to restore system data , make sure to enable tibu 's " migration mode " ( in the settings " troubleshoot " section ) . that way tibu will not simply replace the apps ' databases , but only try to " merge in " the data .
try bluestacks and tell us how it goes .
try youwave or bluestacks , both works just fine and smooth too .
you can install the xposed framework on a rooted device . there are numerous modules that will enable softkeys on the device . have a search in xposed in the " downloads " section for " softkeys " . one example is here and it has the android l style soft keys . in case the article goes down here 's the xda thread with the apk
android updates have nothing to do with what network the phone is currently on , or what sim card is inserted . the updates come from whoever you got your phone from . if you bought your phone from a carrier , they almost certainly customized the os to include their special apps ( a . k.a. bloatware ) , and sometimes to limit features like wi-fi hotspot . for that reason , the updates have to come from them , and of course this adds some delay to the process : once the manufacturer has the update ready , they supply the new source code to the carrier , who has to update their special features for the new version , and go through another round of tests and qa . carriers do not have the same software expertise or resources as oems , so this takes longer . if you did not buy the phone from a carrier , then it'll be running an os provided by the manufacturer , so updates will come from them directly . for nexus devices , this means the updates come straight from google . in your specific case , if your galaxy note came without a sim card , i guess you did not get it from a carrier , in which case you will get the update from samsung , as soon they make it available for your region . if you did get it from a carrier originally , you will get the update from your old carrier . either way , your new carrier has nothing to do with it , because they did not provide the os in your phone .
solved i guess it auto downloaded :d
make sure it is a file named . nomedia , and not a directory .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
have you tried fat16 ? as far as i am aware , the standard format for all sd cards is fat16 , so it should work for tablets as well . also , could it be that the system that you use to connect your drive to your galaxy tab is broken ?
easytether is the easiest way to share your phone wireless internet with your computer . you install the program on your phone , set up the drivers ( which can be found here ) and run . to enable easytether , check the top box on the application screen . easy as that ! after you install the drivers : for ubuntu : start a terminal window type easytether connect it will connect , and give you another command that you can type into another terminal window to see status information about your connection . note : the original terminal window you open ( that you typed easytether connect into ) must stay open while you are using the connection for windows : right click the easytether logo in the taskbar ( lower right hand side , by the clock ) choose connect via (big number here) you are connected !
it worked out of the box in ubuntu 12 . while installing the deb package , i got the following error message in /var/log/syslog . but , this warning can be ignored . May 18 22:49:29 dev01 udevd[375]: invalid ENV attribute, 'DRIVER' can not be set /lib/udev/rules.d/65-easytether.rules:1  i had installed easy tether lite application in my android phone following the instructions from the application . to connect to the phone , i did : the network-manager was able to pick up the device immediately and configured a dhcp address automatically . when i check the default route , it was properly setup to the tether device . overall , it is very easy to get connected . : )
i do not know if this will work with your device , but i used to use android wired tether the couple times i needed to use my phones data connection . it does require root , so i do not know if that is an option for you or not .
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
adding on @steve 's answer : you can also disable only the autoplay action for your htc . you can access the autoplay menu directly from the start menu by writing Autoplay in the search box . in the autoplay menu , you will see ( probably near the bottom ) a line corresponding to your htc , where you can choose no action
try to connect the phone as mtp device > under the usb connection settings . should help !
the log in user is always a user . you have to invoke su to run specific commands as the root user , and su will not work unless you have rooted your device to gain access to the root account ( imagine it is password prtoected and you have to crack the password ) . to gain root access on your device , check out how do i root my device ? root explorer and similar apps will automatically invoke su when they are able to . the superuser app can be used to control access to su , so that you do not have to worry about rogue applications elevating themselves beyond your user permissions .
here you have some info about root on android device and how to get it : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/dfy5x/all_how_to_root_your_android_phone/ as far as i see you have htc desire phone . it looks that easiest way to get root is to run program from this website : http://unrevoked.com/
the setting is available in google translate app : open google Translate &gt; Settings &gt; Speech Input italian would be set to Default Dialect . just set it to Italian (Italy) ( or the corresponding option ) and re-check .
i used spareparts+ to set compatibility mode off , it really works . but , in 4.2.1 , spareparts+ seems not working . i am still finding some way to set compatibility mode off in 4.2.1
your only option is to contact the developer of the application via the contact email in its google play page . the only compatibility option ics has is a way to force accelerated rendering . this can be found under the Developer Options section of the Settings app . based on your description , though , this probably will not resolve the scaling issue you have , besides possibly speeding the app up a bit .
i do not know if it could be your case , but if your phone is connected to your computer with ums ( usb mass storage ) enabled along having a custom ringtone stored on your sd card ( /ringtones folder ) instead of mtp this will give you this kind of problem . the phone will use a default ringtone since it cannot access the sd card files , because the ums mode requires exclusive access to the mass storage .
t-mobile support page contains a thread that covers your issue : sim unlock your phone last updated on : jul 3 , 2013 2:43 pm if you purchased an eligible device , the device has been programmed with a sim subsidy lock that will prevent the device from operating with other compatible wireless telephone carrier’s services . if you wish to use the device with the service of another wireless telephone carrier , you must enter a numeric sim subsidy unlock code to unlock the device . understanding sim unlock requirements as an active or former t-mobile customer , you may request a phone unlock . t-mobile will unlock your phone ( as long it is not reported as lost , stolen , or blocked ) if : you have purchased your device from t-mobile or an authorized t-mobile dealer and activated it on t-mobile service ; you have postpaid service , have not requested an unlock code in the last 90 days ; you paid for your device in full ; your account is in good standing ; you have a minimum of 40 consecutive days of active postpaid service since purchase ( or for prepaid service , have used your device within the past 60 days ) ; you are under a 24-month service contract , you have made monthly payments for at least 18 consecutive months on your plan or have paid a migration fee for the device ; certain exceptions may apply please call customer care for details ; you are on a prepaid plan , you have had more than $50 in total refills on the device ; you are a former customer , your account balance is zero and you did not port out a line associated with the device during the buyer’s remorse period ; you provide proof of purchase if t-mobile is unable to verify purchase . note : exceptions to some or all requirements may apply in certain circumstances , including for military personnel and business and government accounts . if you qualify for the above list , give them a call and they will help you out ! success case : a user from xda developers forum answered to a problem similar to your own , you can read about it here : i just unlocked mine a few days ago . if you meet the requirements you should be fine , http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-1588 i bought my phone from ebay from a guy in florida ( i am in ny ) , i had it on my account for a few months . so i had no reciept or anything , or history of the phone . when i called they asked for my phone number , account passcode , the phones model name and imei . then i gave them my email , and recieved the code via email in about 24hrs . so it was pretty painless and free . alternatives : there is a xda developers thread with lots of users claiming to have successfully unlocked their devices either by changing their imei or by means of truth manipulation : answer #4: yup . i got mine unlocked through t-mobile for free . just tell them that your going to travel during soon or something and they will give you a pin in about 15 days . answer #10 : fwiw i have successfully sim unlocked my t-mobile galaxy blaze at the cost of erasing the imei ! the step by step is found here : turn off the phone . insert a sim from another provider into your phone . click " dismiss " on the enter unlock code screen after the phone starts up . wait a minute for the phone to power on and settle down . go to the dialer screen . enter *#197328640# the screen will change to the hidden menu as soon as you hit the last # key in the dailer press 1 debug screen press 8 phone control press 5 simulation press 6 network lock press 3 perso sha256 off wait exactly 30 seconds press the menu key on the phone and select back option . this will take you back to network lock screen . press 4 nw lock nv data initialliz wait exactly one minute and reboot the phone . your phone should be unlocked . i tried this on t-989 uvle1 original rom with root on . i have not tested it on any other version or roms or any other phones . disclaimer : i am not responsible for anything you do with your phone . read the entire thread here .
i used ultimate simlock code generator to unlock my phone .
wifi only tablets fit your requirement of " no calling facility " but they have sound and some have camera . google is coming up with project ara , here is the link http://www.projectara.com this project specifically targets people who wants to customize their mobile phones just like " assembling components in desktop pc " . for example:- if you want to remove the camera , you can simply remove that particular module alone . but android might not be compatible with such configuration as of now . may be in coming months , probably in a year or two you might be able to do all that . in some countries they have managed to remove google services and install their own yandex , nokia has done the same with one of their models , amazon has done something similar with android .
" i do not want any app to get installed on it . . . " technically this is impossible , since there are system apps like SystemUI and framework-res that android needs to actually function . but if you are talking about non-essential apps only , then perhaps you can delete them with root . go to /system on a file manager that supports root , e.g. x-plore and root explorer , and delete the apps that you think are safe to delete . be careful though , as those apps are on the /system partition and not /data for a reason . your phone might become unstable after this . the list of safe apps varies per manufacturer , but remember , google is your friend ! good luck .
if you have root , then its a simple matter of remounting the system partition as read-write and try copying the swiftkey 's apk into /system/app , then remount the system partition again , it will then appear as a system application . then on first run , it will re-create the libs etc in the respective /data partition .
as you have root , all you have to do is find the swiftkey apk file using a file manager such as root explorer , and then cut it to the /system/app directory . once this is done , go into Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All-&gt;Swiftkey after rebooting , and select the clear data option . it should not work without force closing .
first , go to to root folder then go to "/data/data/.com.android.swiftkey" then copy the " lib " files to "//system/lib " and after that , go to root then "//data/app " and copy the " swiftkey " apps file to //system/app and restart your phone . after rebooting open titanium backup , find swiftkey and wipe data . done . it wont force close again : )
if you can find a rom on a forum or website , you can easily flash it using fastboot - as long as it supports fastboot flashing . most rom makers provide both types of rom flashing mode . to flash , you should have a . img file ( most likely called system.img ) . you can flash this by connecting your device in fastboot mode to your pc and using this command : fastboot flash system C:\path\to\system.img this will then flash the image to your phone . once that is done , erase your user data using the fastboot -w command . you should then be able to use your phone with the new rom , and it should boot correctly .
number of icon to show on status bar depends on programmer how he wrote that status bar application code . we really can not do much here . you should be contacting customer support of developers of cyanogenmod 7.1 they might consider your request and change it to your needs .
i found the answer on this page , and the solution was to download and install a compass fix patch .
acrobits groundwire ( what is new section for 4.0.4 ( 2013-12-19 ) claims " support for push notifications using google cloud messaging ! " ) &hellip ;
i do not know that there is a definite way to answer this . it would be almost entirely dependent on how exactly the app was attempting to infect your phone and how successful its attempts were . in the simplest case , maybe the app is sniffing data or something of that sort . for that case , uninstalling would basically remove the threat since the app would be gone . nothing is left behind when you uninstall , including the /data directories for the app . slightly more complex would be an app that put a malicious payload somewhere on your system 's publicly writeable storage . in that case removing the app would not necessarily be enough , depending on what exactly the payload did and how it was designed . uninstalling could potentially cause the malicious code to become inert on reboot since the app may need to fire up a service on boot , but that is hard to say . formatting your sd card and doing a factory reset would probably clean it up in its entirety . the most nefarious case would be an app that gained elevated privileges on your device , either through an exploit or effective social engineering in which you grant access yourself . in that case a factory reset would not necessarily be enough , since the entirety of the /system partition would be unaffected . if the app were to stick a payload on /system then the only way you could really be sure you are clean is if you completely wiped all of the internal memory of the device and then reinstalled a new rom , i would say . even worse would be if it somehow managed to write a malicious bootloader or something of that nature , since in some circumstances it is possible to write to the bootloader partition from userspace ( given proper permissions ) .
i am using ezpdf reader , and it has the features you need . but i do not know what you mean by open source . maybe free ? if yes , ezpdf reader has a paid and a somewhat reduced ( but not free ) lite version .
adobe reader x for android v10.3 now supports annotation , highlights and commenting . it is not open source , but it is free to the end user . there are currently no open source android pdf utilities that have worthwhile annotation features . this wiki page at the university of massachusetts boston lists several open source android pdf viewers , with links : http://howto.wikispaces.umb.edu/pdf+annotation+with+android ( i can not post a reply containing more than two links , my apologies . )
hardware-wise , the ntt docomo ( sc-04d ) and the version sold on google play store ( gt-i9250 ) are identical . you should be able to use one of the " maguro " takju factory images ( ics or jb . ) definitely do not use the cdma/lte image .
here 's an idea for your problem . had the same as well . searched a long time to get my keys to the android phone . i work with osx . there is a tutorial how to export the keys it seems to be a matter of key and certificate conversion . hope that helps : http://hackonadime.blogspot.de/2012/03/securing-your-mobile-email-thunderbird.html
see if google search is somehow disabled in the list of apps . alternatively , ensure that the latest version of google search has been installed in your device . i am assuming of course , that google now is a supported feature in your country .
i am pretty sure that the order it determined by the frequency you call or receives calls from these contacts ( maybe sms messages are also counted ) . there is iirc no manual way to fix the order .
nope . not possible . only recognized or devices signed by sony can be used for pairing with the ps3 . i do not think you can use any bluetooth headset . there are specific ones made for ps3 .
yes , you can use it as a headset . just make your own app , and make its settings the same as the headset . i made one for my lg p690f .
is your phone rooted ? blueputdroid works with rooted devices only ( if you are prepared to root your device then this maybe achieveable with this app ) according to this article entitled : how to remotely control your ps3 with android blueputdroid apps guide written by ehsan on feb . 27th 2011 . http://topbestfreeapps.com/how-to-remotely-control-your-ps3-with-android-blueputdroid-apps-guide/ however checking the list of supported devices yours is not supported : unsupported devices ■samsung moment ■samsung galaxy spica ■samsung galaxy s ( this includes captivate , vibrant , epic 4g , fascinate , showcase , mesmerize , continuum , k , u or any other variant of the galaxy s series devices , but excluding nexus s , which doesn’t have samsung’s software , and which works ! ) ■samsung galaxy tab ■htc eris ■htc incredible ■htc desire/hd ■htc desire z ■htc legend ■htc hero ■htc magic ■htc evo 4g ■htc aria ■htc/t-mobile mytouch 4g however this article was published in early 2011 , almost two years ago , so maybe it is now supported . the article does in theory provide partial insight into what you want to achieve ! i believe the article i mentioned in the comments above is more tailored to your needs however
thanks to an app that turns an android phone into a more universal bluetooth device , it is possible to control a ps3 with your android phone as though it were a bluetooth remote control . the connection allows the phone to be used as a virtual keyboard for entering text , and it even has a touchscreen trackpad for moving the cursor in the ps3 's web browser . the app , blueputdroid , is in beta form right now , and is still a bit tricky to use , as the list of supported android phones is not exhaustive , some of the phones require custom firmware and once you get the app installed , there are technical hoops to work through . a list of believed supported and unsupported devices can be found on xda-developers . com , where the app was introduced . it also has details on how to download the app for those who own a compatible android handset . the independent developer has tested it out on the nexus one , htc wildfire , and lg optimus one - all with rooted firmwares . he was not able to get it working on the optimus one . blueputdroid is the first app to allow a smartphone to pair up with the ps3 as an input device . there have been other bluetooth apps for android that more flexibility in syncing the phone to a computer , but this is the first working app for ps3 connectivity . if the dev can further refine the process and expand compatibility , we will welcome the chance to use our phones to input psn info or type in urls - beats having a real keyboard tethered to your system , hm ? source : http://www.gamesradar.com/how-to-use-your-android-phone-as-a-ps3-bluetooth-keyboard/
sounds like a bad download . i would delete it if you can and try again , or download and upgrade manually . for 2.2.1 , try following this post at androidandme . if it was 2.3 you might want to wait , google has said it would not be released for the n1 till after the holidays ( example ) so it might have been a mistake .
on a stock carrier/manufacturer 's rom there is probably not a whole lot you can do i would imagine , but cyanogenmod 7 ( its gingerbread-based version ) allows you to dismiss individual notifications by swiping them away . you can see it in action in this lifehacker article .
this is still just my best guess , but i would definitely check to be sure that google voice is linked to your cell number and that it is set up to forward your calls . you should see something like this in your settings : if that is all set up properly then you might want to consider starting a discussion thread over at google 's support forum .
wi-fi hotspot allows you to share your phone 's internet connection with other devices which have wi-fi adapters . for example , of you have a laptop with wi-fi and you want to connect to the net , you can enable wi-fi hotspot on the phone then connect the laptop wirelessly to the phone . there may be carrier restrictions or costs for doing this . . . like sprint which requires you to activate the wi-fi option for your evo 's account which costs an additional $30/month . other carriers may assess charges by amount of data consumed or block the feature altogether . some users have rooted their phones to bypass the enablement restrictions , but that may still result in charges for bandwidth used .
sorry buddy . factory reset does the trick . . . usually this is required when switching between rom versions , and the gapps xda page mentions also that to flash a new gapps you need to format the /system partition , data , and dalvik .
ugh , that is 4 questions in one . our site works best with one question per post ; but let me try : how to install via cwm ( custom recovery ) ? usually , it is " install update . zip from sdcard " when the deal is to " install something via recovery " . by default , there should be an update.zip file in the root of the sdcard , which you then navigate to and select . hint : i always update it via google play ( the " normal way" ) . works smoothly , never had trouble , does not require a reboot . is the choice " install supersu into /system " supposed to still be possible to select after a successful install ? i would say " no " , but it depends . this usually moves the app from /data ( user-space ) to /system ( system-space ) . after having moved it , it should no longer be in its original location . but depending on how updates are installed ( supersu e.g. updates via google play , like any other app ) , this update could again end up in user-space , in which case the user might wish to " repeat " the system integration . how do i run an arbitrary program as root ? two-fold . first , " arbitrary programs " ( apps ) must request root access themselves , you cannot make them " run as root " . that is a little different when it comes to the command line : prefixing your commands with su makes the terminal app requesting root access . so you could e.g. list all directories below /data using su ls /data and succeed ( while a simple ls /data would not be able to access all files/sub-directories here ) . is it normal for supersu to " close " itself spontaneously while looking through the settings ? i have never experienced that , and i am using supersu on one of my devices for a year now ( the others have chainfire 's superuser ) . but i must admit i am not often calling it directly and stay there for longer . i mostly only see the access requests of apps , or the update recommendation via play : )
are you possibly using " domestic " roaming , i.e. using another network in the same country as your home provider ? android changed the behavior of the roaming indicator somewhat , so that it does not count domestic roaming as real roaming anymore .
on which phone are you using ics ? i'am using ics on an galaxy s gt-i9000 ( teamhacksung rom ) and it showed me the r in the signal strength bars .
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
shut down your device overnight . or just plug it in before sleep . or buy a new one . after some time the battery want resist so much . oh . . of course . . . or buy a new battery .
if you are running a custom rom , check with its makers if there are any known causes for battery drain . otherwise , ( since there are no known issues with stock android 2.3.7 , the battery drain is caused by some app . turn off bluetooth and auto sync ( leave wifi on ) , install watchdog and charge the battery fully , then let your phone idle for a couple of hours . in that time , any apps that misbehave will be listed under the alerts tab of watchdog . check that and report here , maybe we can help . if it does not list any app , try eliminating each of the common culprits for battery drain - social media ( older versions of facebook ) and sync apps that constantly use connectivity options , free versions of apps that regularly pull in ads for display , location apps including google 's own reporting service . uninstall or turn off whichever you can . if ads are an issue , and you are rooted , you can use adblock . also , check for your battery health - if you have been a heavy user for over 2 years , it is likely that the battery has lost much of its original capacity , in which case a battery replacement would be necessary ( i know because i have the same problem , and ordered a new battery yesterday ) . you can find oem batteries for $30-40 - avoid cheap duplicates , you never know what they could do to your phone .
there are several things which can be done . most obvious is to switch it off completely ( grin ) , but that only as a side note . also , switching it to airplane mode falls close -- though , when used with a " timer " ( via automation apps such as tasker or llama ) , it can be quite a useful thing to not only save some juice over night , but also care for some silence . another obvious option is to connect it to some power source , which clearly prevents it from running out of juice . but these are just general rules . in your special case , the problem is some app draining your battery over night . true , above mentioned solutions would take care that there is enough juice left -- but still that is a misbehaving app . so first thing i would do is , after it drained a little ( but still enough juice is left , say 30% or more to be sure ) , go and check your battery stats . you will find them in your system settings , on most devices it is in settings &rarr ; about phone &rarr ; battery use . this should list the most heavy consumers , and your candidate should be on the very top . other useful sources on this topic ( and here at android enthusiasts ) include : how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? ( especially when you cannot find the " evil app " in the consumers list ) how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
in the latest version o kies you select your device in the tree , then go to tab " back up/restore " and click " restore " . unfortunately you can not restore just something , you should restore everything . . .
i wrote a program which extracts contacts and calendar data . https://lord-luncher.de/ i am happy about feedback .
if you are referring to the headphone output rather than the speaker , then you could use an app such as " headset button controller " link to play store trial . i have the paid version on my phone , and i like it a lot . it allows you to set up button controls for various apps , but it also has a nice feature that allows you to set the default volume when you plug in the headset . you can set the minimum and maximum , also , but this would only work with a headset like the iphone 's , with volume control that controls the phone .
try the latest museek player . it has support for gapless playback . you need to enable it from within the advanced settings in the app . there is also poweramp and winamp which seemingly offer decent gapless playback quality .
the amazon mp3 player adds gaps . luckily you can play songs downloaded to the device with any music player , and google music does gapless playback out of the box .
this may depend somewhat on the device , so i would try to narrow down which one in particular you want then try to figure out what other people are saying about it . having said that , i know lots of people on xda are using us verizon xooms in europe without any problems ( minus 3g , of course , which you said is not a problem ) . there is a thread about this here . some have also noted that you can flash european firmware onto the vzw xoom without any problems , but i am not sure what the caveats are and i do not know if that would work on other devices .
tablets that use cdma network technologies will be restricted to wifi internet only ( there is no cdma cell coverage at all in the uk ) . if you can get a tablet that uses t-mobile 's 3g frequencies , you can sim-unlock it and use 3g with an operator in the uk . at and t frequencies are not common in europe , you will get edge only . wifi will work , but europe/uk uses a different channel/frequency standard and you will not be able to use channels 12 or 13 ( at a minimum ; it could be only a few channels work if the spaces between the channels are different ; i have not stared at the standards recently ) . if you can tell the device to use the eu ranges , you will be fine - but i am not sure how to do it - if android uses the linux kernel 's regulatory compliance daemon , that is fairly easy to change because the commands should be similar to a linux desktop and there is quite a few tutorials out there . that assumes android uses that part of the linux wifi stack , and it also assumes that the wifi driver in the tablet actually uses the linux stack to drive compliance . this is not very likely . : (
it depends on your tablet . if your tablet has included cdma technology that is not available in uk then it can not possible to use that tablet . tablet with wi-fi technologies will definitely helps to work in another country but it is also depends on tablet network connection features . as per my view , you should include little information about your tablet .
i had the same problem and just figured out how to fix it . go to the screen on which you want to display your family contacts group . press the screen until the ' drag to rearrange , edit , or remove ' message appears at the top of the screen . drag the screen to the ' edit ' icon at the top left of the screen . you will get options to ' select a group for widget ' or ' edit group . ' if you choose ' select a group for widget , ' it will pull up your list of contact groups . choose the one you wish to display .
you need to flash the kernel first and then root the device . in 4.3 google have implmended a securty feature which causes some rooting problems .
you can remove the " no sim " notification from the galaxy s3 s4 and note 3 by adding an entry to your build . prop . you need root to do this . i recommend using jrummy 's build prop editor . once you have installed it , launch the app and click the bottom right icon ( a + sign ) . in the first box you can enter a description like so ( this is optional ) : # Remove "No SIM" from notification bar  in the second box , enter : ro.config.donot_nosim= true  then save and reboot . if the " no sim " popup still shows , or you get the " no sim " notification icon , then look for an entry that reads : ro.config.tima=1  and change that to : ro.config.donot_nosim= true  if that still does not work , try removing ro.config.tima=1 or set it to 0 instead of 1 . you can also add sys.hiddenmenu.enable=1 to enable the hidden menu if it is not already in your build . prop .
turn on airplane mode . it will turn off wifi unless you need wifi then i do not know what else to do .
credit to matt h 's comment for pointing me the right way . if you follow through to the system requirements page on their wiki , the htc wildfire is specifically called out as an unsupported device as it has an armv6 based processor ; firefox mobile currently requires an armv7 compatible processor . they do have an experimental build for armv6 based devices , which you can download here but according to the warning on the page , that is broken at the moment . if you keep an eye on there they may announce when it starts working .
i can understand your concern , but i have also never seen a film that specifically covers the camera lens window . i have not used a zagg , but other screen films i have purchased in the past included the excess film on the card - if the zagg included this you could possibly cut your own square or circle to cover the lens window . otherwise i would suggest checking your retailer of choice for another inexpensive film that you can use to cut your own window from . in the past i have purchased screen protectors on clearance from places like staples , walmart , etc for obsolete devices so i could cut them to protect camera screens , etc .
what android version are you on ? i have got eclair ( on a motorola phone ) and i can just type in the address bar to search . i thought it might be motoblur , but i tried an eclair emulator image and had the same functionality . what happens when you hit the search button while the browser is running ?
dolphin browser hd allows you to search google from the address bar , and it shows suggestions as you type . it does not explicitly say that it has this feature but i use it all the time . if you type something in the address bar that is not a web address and hit go it will automatically search , just like chrome does .
opera mini places a google search bar near the url bar . this is not exactly what i was looking for but it is a potential alternative .
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
samsung put the " flash lite " plugin on the galaxy s for 2.1 . it supports the basics . this blog shows some devices that use the plugin : http://www.adobe-flashlite.com/ edit : adobe now has a list of devices that can run full flash . http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
it might be a long shot , but have you tried using adb to install apks ?
i am afraid you are out of luck . the app does not support changing the location and the filesystem does not support soft links . i suggest you contact amazon and suugest they add the feature .
you can download an app called es file manager and it lets you move music that is downloaded to anywhere you like . and then amazon mp3 will read it anywhere on your device .
manually moving files as suggested by michael above works ( i use ghost commander on my device ) , but today i found the amazon mp3 mover app . it automatically moves the files to the folder you specify on your sd card as they download and then the amazon mp3 player app ( or apollo or whatever else you might use ) finds them in their new location . i just downloaded it a few minutes ago and am testing it . so far so good !
although the solution by izzy ( above ) is brilliant , it did not work for me on nexus 5 running android 4.4 . i ran into the bug after installing a to-do app . every time i tried to share a page in chrome , it defaults to google keep ! strange , but the problem and the solution is given here : http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/1rcnow/did_the_default_behavior_of_share_change_in/ essentially , you just need to go to settings . . . apps , then click the overflow menu in the top right . when it opens , select reset app preferences . other than having to select my default launcher again , it seems to have solved the problem with no side effects . credit to tacomonstrous at reddit for the solution .
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
you can use am force-stop &lt;package name&gt; . also there is am kill &lt;package name&gt; .
once a device is unlocked from its carrier no update will re-lock your device . it is permanently unlocked .
it depends . is it factory sim-unlocked , has it been unlocked through official channels , or has it been hack-unlocked ? if it is either of the first two , you should be fine through any software updates . if it is been hacked unlocked though , i would be careful of updates until someone confirms it working .
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
documents to go has support for downloading , editing and syncing your google docs from your device . the initial sync is slow and saving to google docs sometimes fails , but support is there .
we can now edit google docs with our mobile with the official app : ) more information can be found in this blog entry from the official google documents blog .
i also found out this one as an alternative : http://sites.google.com/site/gdocsforandroid/
there are apps out there now that should make it easier to use google docs on your phone but an official app will be out soon according to cnet news . google docs coming to ipad , android
you can very nearly do this with totally standard built-in features , most of which actually rely on support from the phone network rather than anything special on your phone . in fact i can not think of a real way to do absolutely everything you are asking without implementing it at the phone network , rather than on the phone . you can block " unknown " numbers very easily , but i do not think there is a standard way to play a message saying that the call has been blocked and why . after all your phone would have to answer the call itself in order to play the message , only the phone network can talk to callers without answering the call ! to block unknown callers : on your phone , go into settings , then into call settings , select all calls , select auto reject , tick the box to enable auto reject , select auto reject list and tick unknown . playing a message to callers after the phone has not been answered for a specific time is exactly what normal voicemail does . most voicemail kicks in after a small number of rings , but if you want to extend that most networks will allow you to set a longer time before the vooicemail divert happens , but you will probably need to call your network to arrange this . i have had to set this up for phones on two different networks in the past , for one i had to type a complicated *# dialler code into the phone to request the longer delay , on the other the phone company 's helpline could arrange this over the phone .
i don/'t remember performance issues after upgrading to 2.2 , but after upgrading to 2.2.1 my galaxy is much and i do mean much faster .
performance is generally a very subjective thing . there are apps that will measure specific aspects of performance , but that will not always correlate with what you feel from using the phone day to day . generally , one of the reasons for upgrading to froyo is that it should give you performance benefits , see this previous question on froyo 's performance . in addition to that , samsung have rolled in some fixes for previous performance problems ( if you are using the official samsung build ) : amongst other fixes , they have changed things so that the filesystem lag is less of a problem on froyo ; they have changed gps and agps performance to get rid of a lot of those previous problems , ; and they have fixed some of the serious problems in their customized apps like the music player . one thing you may find after any upgrade is that your phone still has outdated data left in its caches and temporary areas that are only relevant to the previous version . these can cause performance problems straight after the upgrade . to get round this , you can either go through all your apps list after the upgrade and clear the caches , or reset your phone to factory settings after the upgrade and then reload all of your data . be warned that both of these ( especially the second option ) can and will lose some of your settings and data , though anything saved on your sd card or saved on servers on the web will be safe , so make sure you back up anything on the phone that matters to you before doing this . personally , i found my galaxy s performed much better after the froyo upgrade . however i did do a factory reset on it ( for a different reason related to changing google accounts over ) which will have helped in the short term .
since you mentioned you were still seeing it after installing offline , i am going to assume you also tried the game while still offline . if the data was there , it could have made a folder to hold the data which you could get to and delete using a file explorer . there is a number of apps that make folders to hold data that do not get deleted when the app is uninstalled .
it is possible that the game progress is saved in the cloud , if you are using google play games . the google help page says you can clear this progress / data , but note that it will clear for all games : if you want to delete your saved data from all games that use cloud save , visit the google settings app and select menu > clear app data . this will clear all your data from all accounts . depending on your device , your menu icon may look different .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
you can use the headset blocker widget to disable that behavior .
i have the same problem . one possible reason is that the graphics card does not support it . delete graphics , especially pics attached in the phonebook . everytime i am tempted to attach pics to the phonebook , i get this problem . hope it will help .
i have uninstalled taskkiller as i read that these types of applications can cause stability issues on android 2.1 and 2.2 . so far so good . . .
i know its too late to answer the question . but anyway , restart generally occurs when , phone is going out of resources , ( memory ) bad battery contacts , due to frequent pullouts . faulty apps leading to crash and screens of death . i am saying so as android too is an os and these are the basic nature of an os . so if your milestone is rooted , use xda assistant from market and do some tweaks to your phone like see your startup list and remove unwanted services while boot . also download infollc cachecleaner to clean cache on regular intervals . install adblockers to block unwanted ads , sometimes they leads to crash . remove all apps that are not in use . instead of auto cleaning , do manual memory cleanup {ram} using taskkillers . dont use any battery defenders as they too run their own service on the phone 24x7 {in wake phone} and consumes memory . use app2sd and try to move all your apps from phone memory to your sd card . finally i would like to say , keep your os as light ( clean ) as possible .
i was googling for the same product that works for my galaxy tab 2 tablet . i found the irig microphone too , but it was somewhat of an overkill for my purpose since i already have a microphone . so i searched for this "3.5mm 4-pole mic headset adapter " on ebay and found this item . it costs only $4 , and it will allow you to use a standard microphone .
i am unable to answer your question fully , but the part " and i do not know if the lower or middle or upper part is for the microphone " , you can verify it quite easily . what you need to have is a head phone that came with your device or the one that works ( both mic and headphone speaker should work ) , a 1.5v battery cell and a pair of small wire . just wear the headphone and hold the battery in your hand with one wire connecting the battery 's negative terminal to your head phone 's lowest terminal ( ground ) . connect another wire to the positive terminal of the battery and touch the other end of the wire on any other terminal of the headphone connector . you can hear a pop or hiss on one of your ear . if you do not hear anything , then it could be the mic or you have not completed the circuit . by this way you can identify the parts of the head phone connector ( right , mic , left , ground , generally in this order , but varies from device to device ) . if you are ready with believing what you is see , then the following image will explain .
there are professional bluetooth-to-xlr adapters availabe ( google search ) that work just like any bluetooth headset with hfp or a2dp profile . quality ( especially the hfp mode may be subpar ) and latency may vary from wired solutions , though . jkaudio has such a product : daptor 3
i use the irig pre xlr input adapter and headphone output with phantom power on my htc wildfire . it works fine in flight mode . i use the tapemachine pro app .
you will need a ts connector for mic-only or trrs for a headset with a mic , see this wikipedia article . for example , this trs to trrs adapter is supposed to work with the galaxy nexus and includes a mic . i am not sure if you would need to plug in headphones for it to work , but you could certainly plug them in and not use them . you did not mention bluetooth ; you could also potentially use a bluetooth headset or mic . of course , it may be the case that the stock camera app will not record audio from the external mic , in which case you may need to run a separate audio recording app or simply use a different video recording app . this app looks like it can record audio from a headset ; i am sure there are others .
http://www.startech.com/cables/audio-video/audio-cables/35mm-4-position-to-2x-3-position-35mm-headset-splitter-adapter-male-to-female~muyhsmff i think this is what you are looking for .
i originally wrote this article for iphone microphones and audio inputs , but it applies almost equally as well to any android device that has a headset jack ( trrs , as mentioned in other answers ) . the two primary things you need to do are : make sure the physical connection works—thus the need for a trrs to trs adapter like those made by kvconnection . make sure the input signal has the correct impedance . for the iphone , this is about 600ω . not sure what each model android phone uses , but this makes the level of the microphone or audio device match up correctly to the input on your phone . some phones will cut off the audio completely if the impedance is way off , as a safeguard against blowing out the audio circuit . once you can make the physical connection and have the right impedance , you just need a good audio recording app that will use the headset audio input . see my article for some ideas .
today i have made some progress in this question . on iphone you can buy a irig mic which can do the job ( and it should work on android too ) . but since i want to use another external microphone i have decided to make the adapter myself from some different adapters ( which does the same thing as irig mic , but with a female 3.5 mm jack output , so i can use my wireless microphone with it ) i have ordered the parts from an online store in denmark , but you can get it all over the internet , you just need to know what you need : ) the first thing you need is a 3.5 mm male 4 pole conductor jack ( trrs ) to rca adapter . like this one then you need a rca to either female jack or xlr adapter ( either if your mic has a jack or xlr output ) like this one and thats all . then you can plug everything together and use the mic of your choice on your android phone . ( btw some stock camcorder apps can not use external microphones , then just use this camcorder app : https://market.android.com/details?id=rubberbigpepper.lgcamerafeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesinj1ymjlcmjpz3blchblci5sz0nhbwvyysjd ) i am using this app ^^ with this set of wireless microphones and i am just waiting for the last adapter in the mail tomorrow . . so from tomorrow i can record with my galaxy nexus and record the sound via the wireless microphone on a distance up too 30 meters :d and if i need to go around with the phone and the microphone , i will just plug in a wired microphone to the female jack and go around with the phone and microphone in my hand : ) i hope someone in the future can use this information which was very hard to find on the internet : ) when i have some time later today or tomorrow , i will upload a couple pictures to illustrate my setup : )
or this . . . http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/sensitive-tie-clip-lapel-lavalier-microphone-for-samsung-galaxy-smartphones-/280916075048?pt=uk_music_instruments_microphones_mjvar=hash=item4167e72228#ht_2015wt_872
sometimes custom roms come without the google apps ( gmail , market , maps , etc . ) pre-loaded , in those cases it is a separate package that you need to flash over the rom . you should check with the rom developer where you should get the gapps from .
the nook devs site provides links and goes over downloading google apps to your nook color running honeycomb . this site lists the available google app downloads from cyanogenmod , explaining that they cannot come pre-installed due to licensing restrictions . the links at the very bottom of the page ( and the first link ) should help you find the appropriate applications .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
i honestly don ' think they characters can be typed with the sidekick hardware keyboard . as for the software keyboard , it would depend on the one you are using , but most likely would be close to this : switch to numbers / symbols press the alt key press the &nbsp ; `&nbsp ; or &nbsp ; ~&nbsp ; key
since you deleted pre-installed apps , you have to be rooted . there a couple of options , basically involving the same steps . most likely for these options to work you will have to have a custom recovery installed . goto one of the forums that caters to your device . for flashing a rom , there should be directions/instructions specifically for your device on the website you downloading from . good luck ! !
you need to reflash the os . first , find the stock rom for your device : this question explains how to get started . then you will need to consult the manufacturer 's instructions for flashing a new rom , and flash the rom for your device .
dan hulme answer is correct and probably the best way to have everything restored . another way that could be easier depending on your knowledge is to find stock rom , extract apps you deleted from your phone and push them back in your phone using adb . since you deleted system apps i am assuming that you have root access .
-close all apps -open the app by clicking on the shortcut -navigate to multitasking screen -this will show the currently cached/running apps -locate the app name which corresponds to the app opened by the shortcut -you have now found the app .
there could be various reasons for bootlooping like installing rom which has size larger than your phone 's hboot , or a bad rom .
summing up the solution from above comments on the question itself : finding the culprit first step is to get to the logging information on your device , to figure out some more details on what is going on . multiple choices to do so : get a logcat app from the playstore . there are many , and as long as you run android 4.0 or below , none of them have issues . starting with android 4.1 , apps can only see their own log entries ( so a logcat app only sees what it writes itself , which makes it quite useless ) -- unless your device is rooted ( your cm7 is ) , and you convert the logcat app into a system app ( which can be done e.g. using titanium backup ★ root ) . to find a suiting logcat app , simply use this playstore search -- afaik none of them comes pre-installed with cm . get it done from your pc . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb installed on your linux/mac/windows computer , and how to set up its configuration so it recognizes your android device . then either use adb logcat from the command-line , or a graphical interface ( e . g . qtadb , as described in the linked question ) solving the issue as you followed above device , you were able to pick the corresponding error message from the logs : the app was looking for a folder named /mnt/sdcard/download/ , which did not exist -- instead there already existed /mnt/sdcard/Download/ with a capital D . the problem behind this little thing is : while the underlying file-system ( fat ) supports mixed-case file/directory names , it does not differentiate correctly : cd download does not work due to different spelling , but mkdir download conflicts , though . so the solution , in your case , was to rename the existing Download directory to download . while i still hold this as a bug in the apps used ( they should be able to work around the issue , at least by asking the user where to download to ) , this simple trick at least enables you to download the .apk files now : )
if you are looking for a way to quickly view frequently visited pages , i would bookmark them and then add the " bookmarks " widget to your homescreen . a few more steps involved , but pretty . and you do not even have to go into the browser to get to them !
there is no direct " home " key unfortunately . as others have stated , you can open a new tab to display your " home page " - but you then might want to close your current tab - which is a 2nd tap . alternatively , if your home page is a standard web page then you could bookmark it as well . but this still requires 2 taps . . . one to display your bookmarks and another to action it .
browser opens home page in every new tab by default . setting different home page in [ browser > settings > general > set homepage ] and then just open new tab to see what happens .
i think you hit the " windows " button in the upper-right , then the + button that appears to its left . this creates a new window , however .
it all depends on who your mobile carrier is . i have at and t and they allow one to surf and talk at the same time . this is because their networks are cdma . if you want to surf the web while you are talking on the phone it sounds like your only option right now is to change carriers .
most hsdpa / edge cdma networks do not support data and voice at the same time . cdma modern gsm networks ( including 3g and hsdpa , but not edge ) do , and lte will , so i am not sure why you are having this problem . it is possible that dual-transfer mode may not be enabled on your phone . alternatively , your network might not support it . ( info on dtm . )
is that an exchange email ? then yes , removing it will trigger a factory reset . this is standard operating procedure , for security purposes ( of the company ) . as dotvezz said , you should back-up all your data ( pictures , documents , downloaded files , etc ) . to back-up your apps and its data , you can use titanium backup ; needs root . just to be on the safe side , also copy the titanium folder ( contains apps and data ) to your pc . after doing a factory reset , just restore the files with titanium backup ( which you had need to download from google play after the factory reset ) .
not all carriers support this . and android does not show this by default imho . if you are still with the same provider and in the same area , you might want to check your app drawer . some have an app called " cell info " pre-installed ( i have it e.g. on my lg optimus 4x – but in my area this feature is not supported ) . alternatively , you might want to look for some location widgets you could place on your home screen . several weather widgets also display your current location along with the weather reports . if the notification area would suffice , you also could take a look at gps notification or gps status and toolbox . these apps display your current position in the notification area as long as gps is turned on ( not sure whether you can configure that to city/street , as i did not try them out ) . gps notification ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) another possibility would be " self-made widgets " using e.g. zooper or uccw . again , i did not try one of those , so i cannot say for sure whether they would go down to street level . but at least those widgets would go directly to your homescreen , and you can customize them heavily .
you can remove it from the list by just swiping it off . i do not know how to permanently remove it from the list , though .
i just tested it while writhing those steps and it is working if your phone is rooted . if you need a method without root , just ask me and i will try to do some test . download tasker and open it then go in the preferences and uncheck the beginner mode . go back in tasker and open the " profile " tab then click on the + symbol . if tasker ask for a name , give it a name like " launch camera " and click on the check , then click on the + symbol and choose " application " . choose the camera . use the top left arrow to go back . select " new task " if it ask you for a name give it a name like launch camera . click on the + symbol and type " kill " then select " kill app " and select the camera . check " use root " use the top left arrow to go back . click on the + symbol and select " app " then " launch app " and select the camera . check exclude from recent apps and then use the top left arrow to go back . use the top left arrow to go back one more time . click on the 3 dots at the top right of the screen and select " exit " then select " save first " launch your camera app and see if it is working .
judging from the fact that you are seeing previews of recent apps , i am assuming your sgs2 is running android 4.0 ( or ablove ) . i do not believe you can exclude apps from " recent " list out of the box . this might be one of the few legitimate uses for the task killer kinds of apps . basically if you set the task killer to always terminate the " camera " or " gallery " apps , they should stop appearing in android 's recent apps list . * * [ correction ] : the above statement turned out to be incorrect on jelly bean ( android 4.1 ) . task-ending an app does not remove it from the " recent " list .
you can use tasker ! when you launch an app with tasker , you can specify to exclude the app from the recent apps . you could create a button that launch the camera app in excluded mode .
try putting sh in front of your command , eg . : sh ./scp  or sh -c ./scp 
emulator app should be able to run another app from its own directory . that directory is called something like /data/data/com.super.emulator . try giving the full path to the app you want in emulator . if you want to get a compiler for android , you can use ndk . easy to get , free to use . can not you also push your file to /system/bin via adb ? i do not know if you get that permission when you root your device . but if that is the case , it should make your life much easier .
if you are rooted ( i see you are ) , use the su command and then run your original script . if the problem is permissions , this should fix it . and if you are using a shell script , you can just add this line to it at the top . you might have to check your supersu settings ( or whichever superuser app you have with root ) , and make sure your terminal emulator has root permissions . if you are not rooted ( or can not run as root for some reason ) , i suggest looking into how xbmc does it , as i believe it can run apps in user mode . good luck .
most likely you can not run the program because of libraries on the device you ripped it from being missing from the device you copied it to . since your end goal is to compile a program and run it natively on the phone , might i suggest you use the android ndk ? the ndk documentation includes STANDALONE-TOOLCHAIN.HTML which explains how to cross-compile a native program to run on your android device .
stock ics and jelly bean already support this option . go to settings > security and uncheck the power button instantly locks option . now , your phone will lock only after the desired period of inactivity . note , you may have to set the automatically lock option to something other than " instantly " in order to get the delayed lock .
it means that the process has been running longer than 99 hours , 99 minutes , and 99 seconds . it is a formatting bug . the second hour digit , after reaching '9' , will simply continue with the next characted from the ascii alphabet : 0123456789:;&lt;=&gt;?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_`abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz{|}~  where in this case ':' means 10 , ' ; ' means 11 , '&lt ; ' means 12 , etc . for example , '&lt ; 5:12:34' means 125:12:34 and ' ? 5:12:34' means 155:12:34 . it is fixed in android 4.3 the related bug report is here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=41401
i do not have a samsung galaxy s4 but based on the information provided it seems like this is the time frame since the services has been active ( i.e. . service " com . sec . phone " started about 1:46:26 ago ) . i can see that this is the case because a few other services have the same start time , at which point you either turn your phone on ( and android initiated those services automatically ) .
i would say 80% app is compatible . and other 20% are for other specific devices . specific android version and specific screen size
no there are not all compatible . when you watching an application on google play ( from your device ) if you cannot find the button for installing that app , that means that your device is not supported by that application . also if you visit that application page on google play desktop site , and your device is listed in your account than a message will appear in browser that says that specific application is not compatible with your device .
in general , no . some apps : run on specific devices only ( i.e. . not compatible with s4 ) run on specific android versions available only in specific countries available only on specific carriers requires root access . ( i.e. . if phone is not rooted , it will not work )
logcat might give you some information but that is cleared when the device reboots . abd logcat will connect you to the " rolling log " . logcat is not stored in a file , only in a memory stream but you can easily dump it to file . adb logcat -d -v time > logfile.txt using the options i listed above will give you a time stamp of when events occur . the -d indicates you are dumping to a file , do not " block " . -v time formats the log with event times . instead of &gt; logfile.txt you could do -f /path/to/logfile.txt .
alogrec does basicly the same as logcat , but writes constantly to a log file on your storage card .
buzz launcher , as well as other launchers , i imagine , allows you to program gestures to preform certain actions . the issue though is that that gesture will only perform that action from the home screen if you use buzz launcher gestures . . . the good thing though is you do not have to root to do it . in addition , of course , if you root the phone you can assign gestures more freely and make them universal so that the gesture performs the action from any app , not just the home screen .
if you are using a custom rom , such as cyanogenmod , you can ' wire ' hardware keys to certain function . one thing you can do , is set it up so that a long press on the menu button will show the soft keyboard . if not , then there is no way to do this , although in theory an app could be produced that would place a notification in the taskbar when enabled and bring up the soft keyboard when clicked ! i am now off to make this app .
your guess is wrong . anti-virus applications on android are completely unrelated . there are two ways that google finds and removes dodgy apps and malware from google play . reports by users every play store page has a " report " button . google investigates apps that are reported , whether that is for copyright or trademark issues , violating their policy about content ( e . g . pornography ) , for breaking their other policies ( e . g . invasive ads , interfering with other apps ) , or for being malware or scams . automatic scans google play now automatically scans apps that are added by developers , hoping to detect dodgy apps like these before they can hurt users or cause problems . for obvious reasons , google does not disclose details of what kind of scans they perform or how the technology works . if a user has a malware app and it is detected by an anti-virus program , the user might choose to report it to google play themselves ( if the malware came from there ) , but that is the only part that anti-virus apps on smartphones play in the process .
you can move apps that support it to that sd card , as that is the one used by android to install apps to . just go to settings apps and select the app , and then click the move to sd card button . if you want to move them all you must be rooted , and can use this app , which allows you to force apps to the ( internal ) sd card .
try putting the device in discovery mode before you sync it on your phone . i ran into the same issue and that is how i resolve it .
another way is , go to settings -> apps slide to " all " category and choose " bluetooth share " scroll down a bit , click " clear defaults " this way you can reset any " do not ask me again " or " use this as default " of any app .
i found out that there was a bug in the samsung os that corrupted the desktop backup password . one day , my phone bootlooped and , after a reset , i could backup fine with no backup password set .
historically , in order to promote battery life , apple did not let the apps run in the background ( until ios 4.0 release in june 2010 ) , but did provide this apns ( apple push notification service ) , which would let the app developers implement certain client functionality on their own third-party servers , which would then push the notification messages to apple 's central notification system ( available since ios 3.0 release in june 2009 ) . as such , anyone who would have wanted to write an app with any kind of background notifications at all during the whole ios 3 availability window , would have had to have apns support implemented , else , their app would have had no multitasking at all . it would appear that this has never been the case in the android land . per my understanding , google 's take on apns &mdash ; gcm &mdash ; google cloud messaging &mdash ; has not really taken off yet , probably because running out of battery in one day is not as evident as not having the background-notifications functionality at all , and the apns/gcm architectures require the app developers to themselves run the extra servers on their own side , which is obviously not free , either , and would certainly require extra engineering and complexity , for achieving something that is not entirely obvious to the naked eye . additionally , according to a question on stackexchange , gcm is a second incarnation of google 's take on apns , where the first one , now discontinued , was called c2dm ( cloud to device messaging framework ) . it would appear that c2dm had quotas , which were then abolished with subsequent gcm . the exact dates on the introduction of gcm and c2dm are not clear , however , their device-side parts would appear to be backwards compatible , since they both claim to support android 2.2 and above . android 2.2 " froyo " was first made available may 2010 .
several apps are available on playstore for ram cleanup . the cleaner is one of them .
it would be a wast of time ( and money ) . the phone is not compatible with verizon 's network . verizon is a cdma network , and the nexus 4 from google is gsm phone . in the past google has met-in-the-middle with verizon and released the cdma compatible galaxy nexus - this time there appear to be no plans on releasing a cdma compatible nexus 4 ( possibly due to the slow turnaround time verizon had on releasing updates to the galaxy nexus ) .
from wikipedia stability improvements better camera performance smoother screen rotation improved phone number recognition
it is just a maintenance update for bug fixes . this is the best i can find : revision 3 ( march 2012 ) maintenance update . the system version is 4.0.4 . note : this system image includes support for emulator hardware graphics acceleration when used with sdk tools r17 or higher . ( more info ) http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-4.0.3.html unofficial change log revision change log and more details
install google maps engine . google maps engine on android enables you to view your custom maps anywhere , anytime . i am not sure , but navigation will probably not work as described here : for navigation , searching for local places , etc . please check out the google maps for mobile app .
i fixed it ! turns out it was a bug with vfat support . i had to format my sd to exfat , but now it is working again .
please be specific if you were asked for any security pin when you entered the wrong password 10 times ? and did you log in into any samsung account ? if yes , then try to recover your password by logging in to your samsung account . if you were not asked for any of the above options then factory reset is the only solution !
try the factory reset or the firmware update using samsung kies . note :-doing a factory reset may unlock your phone for sure but u will lose all the data ( applications installed , contacts on the phone memory etc )
get titanium backup pro before you experiment with kernels and roms . it is a paid app , but the best one for backup/restore of all your apps and settings . you can wait for ics as patchie says , or you can head to xda developers to look for custom roms and kernels .
you might want to wait for the next big android update for sgs2 . its called android 4 or " ice cream sandwich " . for the 15 biggest changes in ics , you can take a look at this website . if you want to backup everything before a upgrade or reinstall , use " mybackup pro " . you can get it here .
the version number come alphabetically , so a xxkh# is newer than xxkg# . if you installed your apps from the market , they will be memorized and even installed back after update . if your update comes through kies , just go ahead . . . but if its more complicated and you are not sure what it brings then why bother ?
i think it is safe to assume that the options listed here are the options you have available to you when running the fastboot binary . since there does not seem to be an override as a native function of fastboot , your only solution would be to access the source code of fastboot ( if available ) and remove or alter the part of the code where the device reboots . note that there might be very good reasons as to why the device reboots at that stage , so i would be careful with messing around with it .
the problem with moving applications to the sdcard is usually not the application , the problem is their data . the google+ app is like 8mb or so , but if you look in the application manager it will show a lot more then that . mine is ~40mb . this is because the amount of data that the application stores . android needs to address the /datadata and /data locations and allocate more in them or allow users to move this information to other storage locations . i have had to , on multiple occasions , go in to the application manager and clear the data for apps like google+ , and i have a galaxy s device . granted , i do have over 70 applications installed total , but only a small percentage of them actually use up 95% of the storage . a lot of people bring up , usually with tablets , the ability to support multiple users , this is one of the reasons this will not happen in the foreseeable future . if the devices can support the data storage needed for one user , how can they support multiple users .
bryan above is correct . there is no way to add a delay , at least not without a custom rom . to introduce a pause between the rings find an mp3 you like and use something like audacity to append a few seconds of silence after it . then use that file as your ring tone .
to get a lock screen similar to the one available for windows phone , try lock screen 7 . widgetlocker lockscreen is a paid app which promises to give more lock screen options . quick launch social lockscreen is another option . then there is active lockscreen . holo locker plus and its free version .
it may depend on what phone you have but for htc phones you can add a " shortcut " of a person and have the shortcut be the whole contact card or just start an e-mail message ( or any other contract related actions ) long press on the home screen to bring up the " add to home " menu , select " shortcut " then select " person " . here you can select the person you want to be able to contact and it will provide you a list of actions to perform on that contact . select " send mail " . when you click on the new shortcut it may prompt you to choose an e-mail client but you can either choose a default or not and be able to choose which client you use each time . edit - i just tried this on my hero with a aosp custom rom and the only option i could find on the " shortcut " menu was to add a contact . this would provide you with a two-click method - once to select the contact and a second click to select the " email " action . edit2 - i just found mail widget free in the android market , which looks like exactly what you wanted . you can add widgets either 2x1 or 3x1 which will have the contact 's photo and e-mail address . one click and your default e-mail app will open ready to send a message to that contact . there is a " pro " version which allows a 1x1 widget . note : i am not the developer of this app . edit3 - i also just found that htc 's have a " people widget " . with this widget you can select certain people or groups to be displayed and each one can have a different default function when clicked . one of those functions is to send and e-mail . to do this just add the " people widget " ( it should be there by default in your widget list ) then select the group ( or create one ) that you want to be in the widget and then once the widget is up - click on the contact you want to email . this will bring up a selection of functions to apply to that contact and you can then select e-mail and you will see an envelope icon on that contact in the widget . i can not believe i missed this one before : ) . i hope either this one or the previous edit can answer your question .
have you tried usb otg helper ? it works with either stock or custom rom . i have not seen the p500 listed as supported , but you could try .
in short , msm7x27 chipsets have very limited support for usb otg , that is despite there is an option in the kernel to build the driver for it , unfortunately it does not work and requires hackery to get it to work 100% ! in reference to this : update : my phone 's has three files libra.ko , librasdioif.ko , wireless.ko in /system/lib/modules those modules the op referred to , are tied to the sdio 's chipset support for both the sdcard mechanism and the wireless . notably , atheros 's ar6000 uses the sdio pins to activate the wireless , and is specific to that driver . offtopic : the sdio controls the sdcard mechanism , so yeah , it does sound ' cheap ' in the sense that using the pins for i/o off the sdcard mechanism , to control the wifi chip . . . as a fyi - zte blade and lg-p500 uses the near-identical array of peripherals such as chipset , wifi , but under different manufacturers ! have a mooch around the modaco thread governing both devices , you might find something in there !
pixel colors looks almost the same as pixelated on screens .
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
usually the " status 7" error means that the update is designed for a different phone model ( could be a completely different phone , or just slightly different variant of the same device . ) this check is performed against the existing build.prop file that resides in /system partition . now since the file was missing due to you having formatted the phone , you are stuck in a " catch-22" situation . the work-around is to manually remove the above mentioned check . open the rom 's zip file in your favorite archive program ( winzip , 7-zip , etc . ) within the zip , navigate to META-INF\com\google\android\ folder , and extract only the file named " updater-script" . open this file in a text editor . it is important to use an advanced editor that will not modify the unix line endings on the file when you save it . notepad++ , programmer 's notepad , or ultraedit are good choices , while windows ' built-in notepad or wordpad are not recommended . in the updater-script file , delete the first statement that begins with " assert..." . this statement may span several lines , so delete all of them . e.g. for galaxy s3 it looks like so : assert ( getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " m0" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " i9300" || getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) == " gt-i9300" || getprop ( "ro . build . product" ) == " gt-i9300" || abort ( "this package is for \"m0 , i9300 , gt-i9300\" devices ; this is a \"" + getprop ( "ro . product . device" ) + "\" . " ) ; ) ; add your edited updater-script file back into the zip file , overwriting the original in the same location . depending on the archiving software you are using , it may be as simple as dragging and dropping it in . now you should be able to flash the modified zip file without it erroring out for model number mismatch . note that these " assert " statements are there for your own protection . you should remove them only if you are absolutely certain that the zip file you downloaded matches your phone 's model number . flashing a rom made for a different phone ( even if it is just a slightly different variant such as at and t galaxy s3 vs . verizon galaxy s3 ) may render your phone inoperable .
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
there is a deprecated api which allows to set preferred activities for specific intents . so you could for example set the adobe reader as the preferred activity to start when " open pdf " intent is sent however as it states this api is deprecated so it could be removed in future versions of android http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/pm/packagemanager.html#addpreferredactivity(android.content.intentfilter , int , android.content.componentname [ ] , android.content.componentname )
you do not need any type of script . when user is presented with multiple pdf readers to choose from , one can found a checkbox Use by default for this action at bottom . check it and tap adobe reader . done !
i use the built-in mp3 player ( samsung galaxy s2 ) . i went into playlists > right button > delete > select all > delete . whatever the playlists were there , they will get deleted
long tapping on a playlist brings an option to delete . looks like you do not want to use it because you have gazillions of playlists . so , do this : simply , clear data of winamp from Settings ~> Applications ~> Manage Applications . it'll make your winamp install fresh like when it was installed . the only thumbs down thing is that settings of winamp will be reset to default and you will need to re-configure them , but its not a big thing . update : after some brainstorming , i found that winamp stores playlists in a database externally . on my smartphone its : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxx are numbers which are different on two devices i checked . use root explorer to delete this database after mounting /data partition with r/w access ( root access is required ) .
no . you can only do what you describe on samsung devices with their " knox " feature . this uses special security hardware to provide separate , isolated environments on your phone , so there is no way that information can leak from the " business " environment to the " personal " environment . it is present on their high-end phones since the galaxy s3 , and you can learn more on the official knox website . a similar feature , but for all android devices , is said to be coming in android l , but it is not ready yet . normal user profiles on android do not provide enough isolation for corporate security purposes . it is still possible for the profiles to share information , and for rogue apps with the right permissions to access data from all user profiles . if your device is stolen , it is still necessary to wipe the whole device to prevent an attacker getting access to the private data .
finally found that if i went to one of the blank screens and then pinched out from there , i was able to see a trash can at the top and then i could move that empty page into it .
i just found out that there was one process - calendar storage - which was disabled . i enabled it , and then i could see the option synccalendar in my google account again . after that my calendar is working fine again .
skype settings -> notifications
of course you can upgrade htc magic to android 2.3 , you just need to do some research and do some simple technical stuff . more info in this question : install ginger yoshi 1.4 on htc magic 32a , which radio do i need ? ginger yoshi xda thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=932118
not sure which network you are on or which of the two magic versions you have got , but there is an official 2.2 release that many networks have pushed ota to their phones already , i know that a friend of mine who is still on a magic got 2.2 pushed to him by vodafone uk in december . if you have got one of the ones that htc update , rather than your network updating ota , then you may be able to download the update if you go to http://www.htc.com/ and pick your country , then the support section , then go through the downloads available for your phone .
first generation devices are not seeing much support any more . the best thing you can do is root your phone and install cyanogenmod on it . however , cyanogenmod support for the magic stopped at cm6 , which is android 2.2 . you will not be able to get cm7/android 2.3 on the device this way . there may be some way to get 2.3 on your phone , but you would have to see if there is anything about it on xda forums . start here for cyanogenmod , the wiki will tell you how to root and install cm on your phone . you will void your warranty by rooting your phone . make sure you fully understand what you are doing . dragons be here .
sankar , there is some speculative chatter on the internet to suggest you will have a hard time running 2.3-gingerbread on first generation android devices ( such as the htc dream and the htc magic ) . it looks like some folks on xda are working to port the os but you are definitely looking at cyanogenmod in that case . which means that . . . yes : you will have to root your phone to upgrade your os . it also means that you might consider doing something a little less drastic , like upgrading to a somewhat more stable rom . ( especially if the idea of rooting your phone is giving you the willies ! ) @matthew_read tipped me off to the rom bible which is a great place to identify roms that other htc magic users have successfully installed . the roms there will still require you to root your phone , tho . check out the htc site to see if they have any supported updates though -- it looks like htc india does offer at least one rom upgrade for the magic .
assuming you are on a network that is available on the location you are going to , you could check the Automatic date and time setting under Date and time settings . that should update the time accordingly .
maybe the touch sensor is broken , had the same issue with an old motorola milestone : only the left third of the screen was detecting events ( and rightmost pixel line ) . i could unlock it with a 2 finger gesture ( tap and hold left , tap and hold right side , then release left . the slider then jumped to the right and unlocked . the milestone has a hardware keyboard which i then used to further navigate
it is now the case that all developers can reply to reviews on their apps . the reply shows up publicly next to the review , and by default , the user who left the review gets notified by email ( but users can turn off being notified in the settings on the web ) . there can only be one reply per review . the reviewer can only respond by editing their review , and the developer is not notified when this occurs . it is still not helpful to use reviews for reporting problems with the app , because solving them generally needs several messages back and forth to narrow down the problem , and sometimes needs the user to tell the developer how they were using the app or what they wanted to achieve : something you might not want made public .
you can flash a stock sony rom on to your device by using flash tool just google it , then you find a stock ftf rom and you can flash it without unlocking the bootloader .
i think you need use seetool box it is the solution for an experia bootloader unlock . all the videos on youtube to unlock bootloader are for movil with yes .
no , unfortunately not in this case , you are seriously out of luck ! it cannot be done . if it did say " bootloader unlock allowed : yes " , then by all means go for it .
got unlock code from safeunlockcode . com within an hour , and could successfully unlock my sony xperia z on the first attempt . this , after even sony xperia z customer care could not find an unlock code for my device since apparently , my mobile 's imei number was not in their system !
you cannot do this on the phone . any contacts created on the phone that were added to one gmail account , cannot easily be " copied " to the other gmail account , especially not in-bulk . you can however , do this quite easily on gmail 's web site : on your computer log into your gmail account that has your latest contacts , and click on " contacts " link . on the upper-right side click the " export " link , select " everyone ( all contacts ) " and " google csv format " options , and click the " export " button . when prompted , save the " google . csv " file somewhere on your computer ( e . g . c:\ drive . ) log off your gmail account , and log into your second gmail account . go to contacts , click on the " import " link , click on " choose file " button , browse to your c:\ drive ( or wherever you saved the file in step 3 , ) select the " google . csv " file , click open , and finally click the " import " button . you may also choose to add these new contacts to an existing group , or create a new one . after a few minutes , these contacts should sync to your phone under the 2nd gmail account .
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
i have followed this issue , and i am quite sure mobilnoter is the best that can be done until ms comes out with an android version of onenote . unlike a mac version , that move seems inevitable , since many windows users are on android .
mobilenoter se will sync with skydrive (office.live.com) but is currently read only . for a couple of weeks in early april , firefox on android worked on office . live . com directly , but m$ changed something and now you can not edit your onenote files online in any android browser i have tried ( and i have tried almost all of them ) . very frustrating . alan
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
it does mean that you will have a stock aosp android on it , and you will not have to do any tricks to get root access on your phone .
you can use an alternate dialing app like dialer one or gocontacts . what you are looking for is a t9 dialer .
here is how a samsung gt-s5300 was unlocked which according to the user would not recognise its screen lock pin anymore . no data was lost during the process . the device was not rooted , nor did it had anything fancy installed . an internet connection ---wifi or g2/3/4--- is required though . unplug the charger from your device . install the free version of screen lock bypass reset . ignore any warnings about purchasing the pro version . once installed , a bypass can be activated by plugging in the charger . the black screen lock bypass reset screen appears . hit the return key ⏎ on your device to show the temporarily unlocked device desktop . this offers a window of opportunity to approve the lock and erase application which can be sent from any internet the google android device manager website . after approval , it may take anything up to half an hour to become visible on the google android device manager website . once visible on the website , click on Lock to enter a new pin . the device can now be unlocked with the new pin .
yes , you can delete the pin data from the settings database . in the below instructions , anything that follows a # or sqlite&gt; is a command you should enter ( from an adb shell ) : when the phone reboots the pin lock should be disabled . if this does not work then try executing the following from within sqlite ( second might not be needed ) : sqlite&gt; select * from secure; sqlite&gt; select * from system;  these two commands will simply list all entries in the secure and system tables , respectively . that will help you find the proper rows that need to be deleted in the case that they are named differently ( though i do not think they will be as i just tested this on my own cyanogenmod 7 install ) .
middle mouse button does it for me !
unfortunately there is currently no way to get the right mouse button working as a right mouse button . long press is the only way to do it . sorry .
rooting your phone will not in itself make it unstable . it just gives you the opportunity to make it unstable later , by installing apps that interfere with normal system operations , or changing settings that are not available to end users . if you trust yourself to use root access sensibly , then rooting will not interfere with your development .
restarting the phone usually solve this problem for me . alternatively remove your sd card and put it back . . .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
gtalksms is worth a look ( not http but does also what you want , even easier accessible ) . it is an open source xmpp bot ( google code project ) that you can add to your google talk friends list or communicate to with any xmpp client . you need to find a suitable commandline/scriptable xmpp client for your solution yourself however ( as the ' curl ' replacement in your question ) , not sure what you like to use . here 's an excerpt from the feature wiki on its google code project page : further commands send and receive files to/from the phone : " send " , " ls " enable disable bluetooth : " bluetooth " [ . . . ] take a photo and send it via xmpp : " photo " [ . . . ] geolocalize your phone - it will send you google maps links : " where " [ . . . ] get help , using " help:all "
the best solution if you are willing to write code is sl4a . this will give you the most flexibility . you could use the python module with a lightweight web framework ( like : bottle . py ) or your favorite scripting language . as a side note , get requests should not change state . also make sure you implement some sort of security as this would make it possible for anyone to control your phone remotely .
apparently , in the sdk the 7" form factor has the phone layout and tablet apps . the 10" form factor will still be tablet layout and tablet apps . i also heard that in 4.1 they expanded the functionality of the notification area so that notifications can do more ( e . g . reply to sms from notification area ) . i do not know how true that is though .
rooting a phone generally does not affect it visibly much , other than a new " superuser " app in the app drawer . rooting only provides ability to gain elevated privileges , with the superuser app acting like the gatekeeper for other apps requesting such privileges . superoneclick is the preferred method for rooting the infuse 4g . if you are unsure if that succeeded , here 's what you can try to check if your phone was indeed rooted : from the market install the terminal emulator app . launch the app , and using the on-screen keyboard type in su and press enter . if your phone is rooted , a new dialog named " superuser request " should come up . tap the " allow " button . you should see a pound sign # . now type in reboot and press enter . if at this point your phone reboots , you have root . otherwise you will receive the following message " reboot: Operation not permitted" this means the rooting did not complete successfully and you may want to re-try it by following any of many guides found online . p.s. please be sure to follow the guide designed for your specific device . not all infuses are the same - there are differences between the at and t version and rogers ' , for example .
screen filter changes brightness below what is possible using auto or manual settings . it works on android 4.4 . great for bed time reading . correction - ( and contrary to the down vote ) it does let you set the auto brightness level to a level below what it normally would be - without rooting . i just tested it .
it is perfectly possible or you can use one of existing solutions on google play ( for example lux ) edit : ofc it works with 4.4 , using it myself .
neither of the system-e-mails apps ( e-mail and gmail ) on my nexus4 is able to accomplish that task - very annoying indeed . so the basic answer is propably : you can not . but there are mail-apps capable of doing so . one of it is k9-mail .
make sure that the phone that you get has a micro-hdmi port , in addition to the traditional usb port . this will allow you to transfer video more easily . as you noticed , there are two types of converters- the tiny ones , and the large bulky ones with a power supply . the difference is , as stated on the link you sent , that : unlike passive adapters ligawo converter has a power supply , thereby allowing a built-in signal amplification and processing of the image . provides the signal source sufficient current through hdmi this converter can also be used without power supply . so yes , the larger ones with power supplies would probably be better in terms of signal quality , and could still be used without being plugged in . however , due to their bulk , the better signal processing ( i am not an expert on signal processing , so i do not know how large of a difference it would make- i have used the small kind , although with a laptop , and it worked perfectly fine ) might not be worth it- it is up to you to decide which type is right for you . as of how the resolution is scaled , it should work automatically for all , if not most , converters . just double check if it says something like " input resolution hdmi up to 1080p possible 480p - output resolution vga " ( from the link you sent ) . it should not be a problem to downscale to a specific amount that you want- in the settings -> hdmi -> hdmi format , you should be able to change the output resolution . for more info , look here- it is two years old , but the features should still be the same with new phones running jb/kitkat . as of the software to run , there are many free and premium solutions available in the google play store that will work well . if you prefer presenting with pdfs , pdf reader or office suite 7 should work . however , pdfs are a somewhat unconventional presentation format ( although they can work ) , so you should consider using actual presentation software for a better experience . google drive for mobile would work well , since you could edit your presentation on a computer ( or your phone ) and then present it on your phone , plus it is free . you could also use presentation pal , or office 2012: presentations , or some other presentation software- there are lots out there , and there is bound to be one that works good for you . all presentation software in the play store should work well for your purpose . i hope this helps !
you can use a samsung galaxy beam as a projector if you have got such device . there must be second hand editions of it somewhere on the internet if you do not want to pay a lot for a brand new one .
i collected some information relevant to this question in an answer to how to connect your nexus phone to a vga projector ? – which is the question i actually wanted to ask here , but was told it is too much subject to change to induce answers of interest to future generations . ; - ) in short : it appears there is no real difference between hdmi-to-vga converters and hdmi-to-vga adapters , because also those devices that claim not to need a power supply actually need extra power under many circumstances . there are no " hdmi settings " on stock android , though manufacturer-specific android versions as well as " custom roms " of course may include them . additionally , there are android apps that appear to be able to change the output resolution . it appears that the biggest obstacle to getting a vga signal from an android device via an hdmi-to-vga converter is the circumstance that hdcp seems to be enabled by default for all content , and there is no ( simple ) way to disable it , at least on stock android . standard converters simply do not output a vga signal if the input is copy protected .
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
you can use syncmypix to download display pictures off facebook of your contacts and use those for pre-existing contacts .
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
people who designed mtp and those file formats had in mind that in the future , it woudnt be cheapsakes like me with a android device . i mean windows xp and no sd card im a cheapsake indeed . answer to my question is using the wifi transfer app from the playstore . then using this method refered here do you know an app that can split files on the computer and then assemble them on android device ? . now i will be able to transfer whatever i want on my android kocaso tablet .
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
removing smdl2tmp1.asec is the solution , but because " su " will lead to " permission denied " if you do not have a rooted phone , and because the /mnt/secure/ appears to be empty , removing the file can be hard . alternatively you can do the following : connect the phone to a computer with usb mount the sd card as a disk drive remove .android_secure/smdl2tmp1.asec
a factory reset will not wipe the sdcard partition . in most cases , you can restore some application data like that ( ex : whatsapp ) . this might differ for an s3 but i know this is the behavior on nexus devices . another option if you have a custom bootloader is that you might be able to access the internal memory using adb shell .
newer android phones do not act as usb mass storage devices , so you can not use pc-based recovery software on them . those tools ( and the mass storage profile itself ) require that the phone gives the pc very low-level access to the storage , which simply is not practical any more . here 's a longer explanation of why not .
whatsapp uses sqlite databases for recording chat history . it is not possible to restore without writing custom code to convert plain text into sqlite database accepted by whatsapp . i do not know of any such tool .
the issue is most likely caused by a wrong apn configuration . though customer care told you their card is " self configurable " , this may well be relative : many roms ( especially custom roms like cyanogenmod ) come with a built-in list of apns , which are matched against the provider as specified by the sim card , and used correspondingly . while those matches usually are fine , there might be exceptions – e.g. when the provider made changes to his configuration after the rom was released . or did not provide all details : apns might need different parameters for e.g. 3g than for lte . as you have got a second android device where the card is working fine , put the sim into that device go to settings ( usually network → telephony or similarly ; different roms might place it slightly different ) tap the apn and select to adjust it do not adjust anything , just write down its parameters in a second step , put the same sim to your n7 go to the same settings page compare your values and , if something differs , adjust it i bet your device then will connect fine . if not ( or if there are no differences ) , it is probably a hardware issue , and you need to send your n7 for service .
art is currently only included as an option so that developers can test their apps for compatibility , it does not offer benefits for normal people just running normal apps on their phones , quite the opposite in fact at the moment as many of them are not compatible in their current version . there is a reason that the option to enable art is hidden away in the hidden developer menu .
art is still a work in progress and things may or may not work as expected . you can not do anything about except wait for the application 's developer coming with a fix and/or wait for art to be more stable .
you should be able to use alcatel 's " one touch upgrade " tool found here to re-flash the phone with its stock firmware .
android , starting from 4.0 , does officially support a form of p2p wifi networking called wifi direct . a wifi direct-capable device can create an access point which any other wifi-capable device can access . i do not know about nexus 7 specifically , but galaxy nexus does support wifi direct so i would presume that so is nexus 7 .
why not use the built-in wi-fi , and use a network monitor tool like fing ?
search the logcats for stack traceback . try uninstalling apps one at a time , to see if the problem disappears when you uninstalled a certain app . if the issue come from an installed application , then you should uninstall that app and/or contact the developer to fix the crash . if the issue is system level , then there is not much you can do . you can either downgrade to a version that crashes less , or try upgrading to custom rom , although with custom roms the crashes could also get worse . it should be noted that newer android versions have better application management than older versions . i recalled that there is an improvement that comes either in 2.1 or 2.2 or 2.3 that significantly improves the way the out-of-memory killer works .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
if your phone is rooted you can use link2sd : play store link home page but you will have to partition your sd card first using mini tool partition wizard and here 's the tutorial on how to partition your sd card this can move immovable and -of course- movable apps more efficiently than app2sd and saves more space because normal moving moves a small part of the app to sd card , while link2sd moves a big part of the app ( but not all of it ( user experience ) ) if your phone is not rooted : 1 . market apps : you can not know because market downloads apps and installs them instantly . 2 . apps which you have their apk you may find out by looking in the manifest . xml file inside the apk in android:installlocation="auto " as @rafael said .
if you have install . apk file you can open it ( eg . by apktool ) and in androidmanifet . xml file should be sth like android:installlocation="auto " if you cannot find that , app can be only install on device
separate widget app may be available in case when wigdet covers only a small subset of the main application functionality . however , for the weather app and weather app widget the main difference is the screen representation , the processing routines are almost the same . i am sorry to say , but it is very unlikely to find the weather application with the separate widget . moreover , with the froyo/eclair moving into the obsolescence quite steady and newer version of android having " unlimited " app storage in the range of 8-16gb , it is very unlikely the new developers will ever be inclined to make that kind of widget app .
charging my samsung galaxy note 1 ( gt-n7000 ) since 2 months with my nexus 7 charger without problems . the nexus 7 charger provides enough output and the phone manages this . but vice versa : most phone chargers have less output ( 1a ) so it needs longer to charge your nexus 7 tablet .
in short : yes , you can use your nexus7 charger to charge your android phone . if the connectors are compatible , it will work without problems . i always use a single 2a usb charger for every phone , tablet and ereader that i have at home , and also for the raspberry pi .
menu -> go to labels -> drafts . it is really just a label .
it is a stupid setting of galaxy s sms ' app . to resolve this you have to replace the mms . apk into /system/app with that attached in this thread of xda forum http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=891667highlight=mod+sms if you look all the thread , you can also find the complete installation guide !
there is an app called sms timestamper that appends the received time to incoming text messages . worth mentioning for those not comfortable with fiddling with the os 's internals , or those unsure if it would work on their version of the firmware . i am on jpo so i did not want to chance it .
first , i would start by ensuring that the apn settings are correct . a different sim card from another carrier could have overwritten them . you can access these by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Wireless &amp; networks -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access Point Names and then tapping on the selected one to edit it . the correct settings are sometimes listed on your carrier 's website . at worst you may need to call their support line . while you are there , make sure under " network operators " option your provider is selected . after making the changes toggle the airplane mode on and off to re-connect to the mobile network . try dialing the following number in the dialer app : *#*#2432546#*#* ( spells out " checkin " between the stars and pounds ) and see what it comes back with .
not sure why that happened , but i got rid of the problem by making 2 things : performed full format of the sd card , and safely eject sd card before reboot of poweroff ( not sure if it is necessary ) after that , i did not see this problem again for now . update that crappy phone sometimes damages sd card content regardless of whether the techniques written above are used . . . it seems to be a device-specific problem . so , my advice ( if anyone else reads this ) - do not buy " no-name " chinese phones ! :d
a female-to-female usb adaptor can not fill the role of a usb-on-the-go cable . a device that uses usb-otg has the usb hardware and the drivers needed to act as a usb host or a usb peripheral . the wiring of the usb-otg cable tells the device which role to act in . ( the host side has two pins wired together , but the peripheral side does not . ) most usb peripherals do not have the required hardware or software to act as a usb host . the samsung galaxy tablet 2 7.0 does , but it needs a correctly wired adaptor so that it knows it is supposed to be acting as a host . samsung makes and sells a 30-pin to usb host adaptor , so you might be able to find one at your local electronics shop .
i had the same problem with my samsung galaxy sii plus , i found a solution on youtube : here is the link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8pyqcopera but notice that not all games can be moved , following that video will show you jut how to do it for some games like mxoffroad and shadowgun . i find it really disappointing to save apps only in the internal memory , it is a dump idea . . but in some old android versions have the possibility to move apps to the external sdcard . i hope this will help you a little bit . . better than nothing . thanks to directorybind app , i could move two games until now , 2xl mxoffroad and csr racing . note : you will not find directorybind app on googleplay , to download it , look in the video description you will find the download link . connect your mobile via usb cable to a computer and copy and past the downloaded app in phone 's memory . eject your phone . go to googleplay and search for apk installer . download this latest and open it to search for directoryband app , while found install it and follow the video on youtube . goodluck .
i think an app called titanium backup has a feature like that . it is also full of other features . it is a must have for any rooted android . practically why i rooted in the first place .
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
this is for battery calibration . basically there is a sensor in your phone that is used by your phone to tell how full/empty the battery is . this sensor does not actually know how full your battery is , all it knows is how much power is coming from your battery at the time . the problem it has is that all batteries are slightly different , and their capacity goes down over time and usage ( a three year old battery will not be able to hold as much charge as a brand new battery ) . your phone keeps a record of the maximum power it is ever had from the battery , as well as knowing the minimum power that it can safely work with before it has to turn itself off . it uses the difference between those two numbers , and the current power at any time to calculate how much percentage of your battery you have left at that time . so with a new battery , the phone might be telling you that the battery is fully charged because it is charged to the highest level the phone 's ever seen , but if you leave it charging a bit longer then it might charge more , and then the phone can recalibrate itself and use this new value as the most it is ever seen . you should only need to do this " over-charging " with a brand new phone/battery , after that the phone know the maximum values , and can more accurately tell you when it is full .
try solcalendar . it worked for my droid phone .
use jorte calendar on your android . it will sync with yahoo calendar . play store links : jorte calendar jorte sync
there are several ways you could use to sync your yahoo ! calendar with your android device . using a CSV file . you can export your yahoo calendar to a csv file and import it into your google calendar . this method is somewhat manual and you will have to do this each time you create an event in your yahoo calendar . more details use yahoo ! app for android you can use the official app for android developed by yahoo inc . to access your yahoo calendar as well as your mail , news , im , videos and more . download from the play store use third party apps to calendar syncing there are many apps in tur play store which can be used to do this . calcsync is an app which syncs yahoo caoendar with the stock calendar .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
i had the same issue , however , i use yahoos webhosting for my own domain . you can not sync , nor view domains the mobile site or app . i actually had to move to googles calendar . bad thing is reminders only show up in your google email . so i had to set a email filter in gmail that will forward all google calendar email reminders to my other domain . this is working but a pain to set up .
i use a calendar app called acalendar and sync it to my yahoo calendar with another app called smoothsync . you have to set up both apps once , but then smoothsync runs in the background and syncs acalendar ( or the native calendar app ) with yahoo . it has worked very well for me .
routers from mikrotik with routeros has problems with 4.0.4 androids as well . you have to upgrade to 5.22rc1 . contact support@mikrotik . com to get this test version ( in case if you are reading this the 5.22 is not already released officialy = )
easy fix . do not use your wi-fi password . use the wireless key # . i have been trying over and over with my personal password and kept getting the same authentication errors everyone has been discussing with u-verse . i pulled the paperwork that the installation guy gave me and just taking a last resort shot at it , i tried the wireless key # written on the paperwork . it connected immediatley . . . this reportedly also works with the verizon branded samsung galaxy s iii . their 2nd level support only suggests factory resetting which will not help . only the above mentioned technique does
i have at and t u-verse at home . my s3 connected to the gateway with no issues . did you try to remove the saved network from the phone , factory reset the gateway and then try adding it . if that fails , try to manually add the ssid and key after you remove the network from the phone settings . worst case ask them to send you a new gateway . if you changed the ssid at any point or added static ips you might need to factory reset , add the phone and then add the statics to the gateway again .
i went around in circles with this by trying open and wpa security but nothing worked . the phone was not even listed on the router 's device list . the mac address filter was the problem . i fixed the issue by adding the phones mac address to the routers " white list " and now everything works well . check you router mac filters or turn them off .
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
if you visit the market page for battstatt , the developer 's site for battery left widget , and this motorola owners ' forum thread you will start to notice a theme . several motorola phones do not report their battery levels in increments of 1% .
most likely it is a battery saving feature . polling the battery state too often will drain it quicker , so manufacturers adjust the polling periods to sacrifice accuracy for better battery life .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
if you can connect to the device with adb ( android sdk ) you can open a command line and do : adb uninstall com.gau.go.launcherex adb uninstall com.jiubang.goscreenlock those will remove both go launcher ex and golocker . if you can not you may have to do a factory reset , which will remove all the apps and data on the device ( but to even do that you need to get to the settings application )
try to clear data and cache . settings --> apps --> select google player ( click on it ) --> clear data and cache and just turn off sync with google play music ( this may be the cause of your issue ) .
there are two cases : you are logged in your google account on your device browser you are not logged in in case 1 , go to www.google.com, scroll down and click on " settings " at the bottom . you will get to a page which gives you the option of wiping your search history in case 2 , go to www.google.com, start typing something in the search box , you will see in the autocomplete the option to wipe your search results . what matthew suggested wipes the search history of your device not on google 's servers . you have to do both if you wanna clear everything .
history in the browser is your history of visited sites . saved form information ( your searches ) is different and separate . hit the Clear form data option in the browser settings .
go to settings , more at the top right of the screen , then click on storage , then click applications , find the google maps application in the list and click it . once inside click clear data and clear cache . this should fix the problem
just reboot the phone , restart kies and try again .
you have to go to the store where you bought it so they can have it checked . maybe the battery must not be totally drained . have them checked your phone since it still has warranty if you just bought it few months ago .
offline browser app sounds exactly like what you are looking for . you can specify a list of web pages to download for offline reading , along with a per-page configurable link depth ( so that it does not just pull down the home page . )
its too late , but might help somebody landing on this page . i using android paperspan app for this and it downloads original whole page ( no article/pdf ) . so can click on a link from offline page if internet is back . to read them on computer , i copy from phone to computer , then can read as any saved web page . hope this helps .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
automatic call recorder works great on s3 , but it is not free . if you have rooted device , custom omega rom has this feature on board already ( just enable in the settings ) .
yes , it is . there is no specific need to flash a custom firmware but you can get the job done with a mod which you can flash from recovery preferably clockworkmod . it is always advised to backup data before flashing . here 's the link for the mod at xda . but i am not sure if two-way call recording is supported in this . you can record the other person 's voice but not your voice .
i used to use auto call recorder as well ( before my s3 ) , and i was highly unsatisfied when it stopped working ( when i switched to s3 ) . just yesterday i found out this another great app that just works . and seems like much better than acr : record my call - the solution ! no idea how that is even free ( even if it does have ads ) . and , i do have root , but i think this does not even need it .
smart call recorder mp3 is a fantastic free call recorder . it offers extensive call recording features and it is neatly integrated with google drive for automatic backup of your mp3 voice/call recordings .
if you do not want to root your phone or flash a custom rom , the only solution is boldbeast call recorder for android . just install the app and go . no need to root . no need to " set speaker on " during call recording . both sides sound in the recorded call are clear and loud . the developer said " optimized for galaxy phones " . take a look at what their users said ; they all said " great " .
i presume you mean the " undo send " in gmail labs . no , you can not . it is for that reason that i have the " confirm before sending " turned on .
ah , this is because it is listed as an unknown piece by an unknown artist as the only piece in my library . the ubuntu rhythmbox program i used to make the ogg vorbis file did not tag automatically for this particular piece , while it did for others . the solution is to tag the file with for instance the " audio tag tool " , then it is searchable in the android music player . understandable , but not obvious to me , i think it would make sense if the player app would search by file names as a last resort if no other matches were found .
i had similar problems with my new samsung galaxy tab 3 . when i wanted to write a post for a forum i got the writing window and the keyboard but when i typed three letters the keyboard vanished and this problem continued . later i discovered how to really shut down the tablet by pressing the switch-off a bit longer . then i got a message : switch off the tablet ? i clicked okay . when i turned on my tablet again after some time the trouble with writing was gone .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if you’re passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . it’ll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications you’ve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
the easiest way , without using any specialised tools is just to visit that app 's page in the android market . all apps in the market have their package name as part of their url , so you can just take your package name and prefix it with https://market.android.com/details?id= to get https://market.android.com/details?id=com.letang.game103.en which will take you to the page for king fighter ⅱ by letang , inc .
if you are talking about when your phone uploads to google+ automatically using the built-in instant upload , then you can just switch that off in the google+ notifications . in fact i think that you must have switched that on at some point because i am sure it was off by default for me . open the google+ app , press menu , select settings , press notification settings , and then scroll down to the photos category and take the tick out of " photos added from instant upload " . you will still get the red notification box at the top inside the google+ app , but will not get notified in the standard android notifications bar any more . the other notification settings are there too , if you want to tune any of the others .
there are two methods in order to factory reset your device : ( here is the source youtube video ) if your device is working but cant navigate or you got problems with screen . . then use the hardware method here -> follow the steps here : hold the volume up button with the power button and the home button , all at the same time , till you feel your phone vibrate . note : you can release the power button after the mobile vibrate . after the menu appears , use volume up and down to navigate to ' wipe data factory reset ' then select it by pressing the power button . then use the volume buttons again to select ' yes -- delete all user data ' and press the power button on it . now just wait tell it finish wiping , it will just wipe then the menu gets back again , after it gets back just select reboot the system . if your device is working and its display appears well , follow the the steps here : go to settings , backup and reset and select ' factory data reset ' . make sure that you made backup for your data . press on the ' reset device ' button appears at bottom of the screen . you will have to confirm your pin , enter your pin then go next . now confirm your decisions , if you want to factory reset your phone just press the delete all button .
i have experienced the same issue on my galaxy s2 ( android version 2.3.5 ) . it was cause by youtube , not the call app . when i saw the log related to youtube , i tried to start youtube by touching its icon , but it failed to start . you can try to see if you can start youtube now . then i went to " settings/application/manage applications " and found " youtube " . cleared its data and cache . now try to start youtube again . if it cannot start , check if you has disabled data sync . enable it in " settings/account and sync/background data " . try to sync your data to allow youtube to update . after youtube is updated , it should be ok for the call app to work properly . hope this can also fix your problem . cheers .
re-installing the ' google play services ' updates solved the problem for me . simply go to Manage Apps &rarr ; Google Play Services and press Uninstall Updates . now if you start google hangouts again it will ask you to update google play services . if you do so , it will bring up google play where you can install the update . after this , google hangouts started without any problems on my tablet .
just did all the necessary steps on my n7: download the factory image from google unpack the downloaded file ( e . g . by tar -xvzf nakasi-jdq39-factory-c317339e.tgz ) boot your n7 into the bootloader ( hold the power and both volume buttons ) have fastboot installed ( comes with the sdk or for ubuntu , just install android-tools-fastboot ) connect it to your machine flash it using flash-all . bat or flash-all . sh ( needs installed fastboot ) here 's the transcript ( using ubuntu ) :
looks like it is logged as an android bug . if i am reading right , there is no current plan for the android team to address this .
you could try android bot maker which can automate taps at particular co-ordinates . . swipes etc . . but root access is needed for this app . . .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
i say go to play store , when you will open my apps section the backed up apps will be downloaded automatically . make sure that you are connected to wifi or 3g .
only apps that are coded to use the google service will back-up and restore data . see this post for more information . does the built-in google app data backup work ?
you could also produce a web application with gwt and deploy it natively to multiple devices using phone gap .
yes most android browsers support javascript quite well , and since gwt " translates " the java to javascript it should be fine . obviously it might require some tweaking to accommodate the screen formats . edit : note , it will be a web application , with all limitations that come with that
update : check unifiedremote -- site reference . requires windows and .netframework 4 . older reference , have you tried uremotedesktop ? designed to remote control any ubuntu desktop pc . ( also can be used on windows , but was designed for ubuntu ) . change music ( previous , next , play/pause , mute ) on ubuntu any player on system . ( totem , songbird &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; no need on focus the app ) . on windows ( windows media player presenter functions ( next , previous ) compatible with power point and openoffice . screen control / desktop control remote wifi keyboard
i would try ( volume down + power button ) . you need to press them at the exact same time , otherwise it will not work . also make sure you hold it down for a few seconds .
there is another way to take a screenshot without an app according to this article . open settings -> motion scroll down to hand motion enable palm swipe to capture
you could try to install sim contacts . i have not seen how to make it your default app for managing contacts , but i suppose you could drag the app icon to your homescreen or to the dock , so you can just access it quickly from there . with the sim contacts app , you can add , edit ( long-press on a contact and a menu will appear ) , or delete sim contacts . you can also choose to copy them on your phone . update #1: from izzy : also , if you do not want anything to be synced to google , make sure to turn off all sync options in settings → accounts and sync . by default , that is all enabled . as long as you add new contacts as sim contacts , they will not be synched to google . only contacts added as google contacts will be synched .
i have used myphoneexplorer in the past with my sony ericcson phone and it worked just great as a file manager to sync my phone with my laptop and to back up my contacts , notes , tasks , appointments , sms messages , alarms , photos , videos etc . now the same developer has a new free app called mylocalaccount ( available on google play ) . i have been using it for a couple of weeks now and it works well enough so far ( on my nexus 4 with android 4.3 update ) . you can add contacts and make changes ( add , edit , delete ) . also installed myphoneexplorer client on my phone and am able to use it to back up my contacts et al . also turn off auto-sync options if you do not want your data sync'ed with your google account .
depending on your phone ( please update your question with your specific model ) , the call screen does have an option to turn off bluetooth . that will turn off bluetooth audio routing for just that current call ( and conference calls made while that one is active/on hold ) . i have only used cyanogenmod ; cm6 and cm7 both have this option on the call screen . if your phone 's ui has been customized by the vendor , it may have been removed .
if you can build and install a modified kernel ( or perhaps just drivers ) and root filesystem , and there exists driver source to use these on a desktop linux , then it should be possible . you might be able to re-write the driver to function via the usb host apis without root , but it would probably take root level access to get the result seen as a network interface . though without that you might still be able to make an on-device proxy server to get a browser to use it .
it is difficult to say with absolute certainty , but generally speaking that is not possible . some devices can be patched and hacked to include support for this , but i am not aware of one for the samsung galaxy s ii on any kernel . the flash drive , mouse and keyboard support is built-in to android whereas usb network dongles need to be hacked on to it . i know it is possible on a number of nvidia platfoms to connect huawei usb dongles , but on the samsung gear , i have never seen a way . in short , that is not known to be possible on the samsung galaxy s ii ics .
[ this is probably not the complete answer you are looking for , i can not comment though ] i am running a nexus 4 with 4.4.2 and it supports tethering of the wifi connection out of the box . i think it was already able to do that when i got it , meaning this should work at least with > = 4.2 .
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
you can dial <code> *#*#sellmore#*#* or *#*#73556673#*#* </code> and you will not see the demo mode anymore , but a normal retail phone does not have demo mode activated . . . and you have to consider that demo-activated phones does not have warranty . edit : as onik said , if your tablet does not have dialer application installed , so you have to access the service menu for inserting service commands , so you can do the following as described in the link : xperia tablet z : how to access the service menu
this is the current list of supported devices . there look to be 3 top level variants for the note 3 . if you select the model then press the more info link there is a list of the actual model numbers . i am not sure if all the note 3 variants are ant capable but i think the majority are , you need to check the exact model number really to be sure .
i just saw that you do not want to block the calls , but send to voicemail . my mistake . as easy as one , two , three : ) call settings -> blacklist -> small icon at the bottom corner -> private numbers that is for cm-10.2.0 might be a little different if you have another version , but you get the idea .
the zipoutputstream class will help you . there is an example of creating a zip file in the documentation .
i do not really understand your question , but if you are developing an app and you want to zip files with it , the following article might help you : http://www.jondev.net/articles/zipping_files_with_android_(programmatically)
androzip might help you with that
i have latest official firmware sgs . i can see hindi website , but no bangla . . . . . at all ! ! ! u can use the procedure to see bangla fonts by http://suhreed.wordpress.com/2011/04/27/how-to-install-bangla-font-on-samsung-galaxy-tab/ or http://blog.mehedi.me/bangla-font-on-android/ thanking you
here 's a workaround using opera mini . download and install opera mini ( om ) . try accessing a site like the one cited above - http://bn.wikipedia.org if it does not work out of the box , do the following : in the address bar , type opera:config navigate to the option use bitmap fonts for complex scripts and set it to yes the fonts and script lettering should now be visible , albeit as images instead of text . that'll make content visible , but unlike text non-selectable .
this is a power consumption thing . most time when you are not using a smartphone it is in suspended state . i.e. , as many as possible components are off and do not consume power . awake means the cpu is in the running state . this usually means you are using it and the screen is also on . android devices also regularly wake up to check email , push notifications and so on even when thescreen is off . also playing music or using navigation both with screen off forces the cpu to be awake . hence your finding : more awake -> more battery drain
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
i do not know whether or not this is going to help in your case , but a friend told me that if you set your language to english us ( as opposed to english gb , ca , au , nz etc . ) , you get a different/better voice recognition engine .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
consider taking at look at the following link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html input keyevent KEYCODE_HOME
personally , i use quickcopy - it may be as close as you will get to your ideal . the only part it will not do is automatically paste into the field you want it to , but it does provide quick access .
try clipnote
you could try smart clipboard : http://www.appbrain.com/app/smart-clipboard/net.xdevelop.cp it claims to do just what you are asking . personally i use uber keyboard : http://www.appbrain.com/app/uber-keyboard-%28text-voice%29/com.pwnwithyourphone.talktomekbd it give you suggestions while you type which i usually ignore but it also let 's you set custom mappings . so i set it up so the 1st two letters of my email are mapped to my full email address so when i type in mw it shows my full email as a suggestion so i can insert it without having to open another app . i have set a bunch of other custom mappins as well for commonly entered things .
i am the creator of clipper , a free clipboard manager app . in addition to the clipboard history feature , you can also store snippets , which is what you are looking for .
in google play store , click the My Play activity link . source .
i am also using a asus transformer prime tablet but the play runs very well in that . i would suggest the following , restart the tablet . try to charge for atleast 8 hours also did u install the latest firmware that is being provided by asus , that firmware is a bug filled update . do not update that . if you have updated it then it could be because of that .
i was on the verge of packing the tablet up and returning it to amazon and thought i would try one last thing . i took the tablet to a friends house and tried it on their wifi just to double check it was not my network . the table worked first time and i used google play to install a number of apps . i then took the tablet back to my house and google play continued to work and i installed some more apps . i have no idea what my router was blocking that prevented google play from working but it seems fine now . if the problem returns i know the issue is with my router now , not the tablet .
you can grab the latest . apk on a pc from mozilla 's ftp server and sideload it , as noted on mozilla 's wiki . if you are unsure of how to sideload an app , you can find a variety of methods in how can i install an app given only its apk file ? ( some require internet connectivity , many do not ) .
contact your hosted exchange provider to turn the push off . they are enforcing it . another way : turn your email notification off or set its ringtone ' silent ' . but , its inconvenient .
install juicedefender and set it to only allow data connections with the interval you want . you might need one of the paid versions if you need this to work on wifi as well .
try app 2 sd , it should be able to move at least some of the apps . to set it to automatic , you will need the android sdk ( to use adb ) . from here , those commands should work ( worked for me on my samsung galaxy ace ) : adb devices probes android devices connected to the pc . do this first to assure that the phone is being detected . adb shell pm getinstalllocation this results in a numerical value to state where the default install location is ( 0: phone , 2: external ) . adb shell pm setinstalllocation 2 this sets the default install location to the external storage .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
i found this answer useful . it might help you with what you are looking to accomplish : log file locations as an alternative , there is an app that can help you analyze logs : alogcat ( free ) - logcat
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
this is a hardware problem , but there is an app called toggleheadset2 that has a widget that allows you to override the hardware switch , toggling headset output off/on .
i wrote an app named soundabout that fixes this . find it here .
sounds like a hardware issue to me . you should return the phone to wherever you bought it .
it appears that i can solve the problem by jacking in the headphone , turning off the phone , turning on the phone again , and jacking out/in the headphone a few times slowly . and yes , it is a hardware problem solved by a hardware solution .
the easiest way is through rom manager ( you can find it in the market ) . after installing it , open it and select the . zip file for the rom you want to install . the phone will reboot into recovery mode . hit " reinstall packages " or something similar to replace this recovery with clockworkmod recovery from rom manager ( may have to do this twice ) . then your phone will go into this new recovery and install the rom . note you can also use a windows tool call odin , but you must have a rom specifically designed for odin . you might need to flash a " clockwork compatible " rom through odin before rom manager will work .
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
you can turn off all internet data over the mobile network using settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled personally , i connect to wifi at home and with reasonably heavy use of email , chat and web browsing when away from home , i only use about 200m of data a month .
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
you can definitely connect to wpa protected wireless and your phone will connect automatically when you are within range of a known wireless network . you can use apndroid to cut off your 3g altogether . take a look at : how can i prevent my google g-1 from using any kind of internet ? if you have got wireless at home and you are there every night , your phone will be able to sync your contacts , etc . over night .
found this in a sony xperia manual : safe mode temporarily disables all applications that have been installed via the android market . performing this troubleshooting step is necessary to determine whether a 3rd party application is the cause of an operating system / application issue . safe mode should always be performed prior to a hard ( factory ) reset . the safe mode is there to provide repair in case one of the applications causes the phone to behave strangely or misbehave . the phone has to be rebooted into safe mode , which can be done by pressing the power button and holding one of the keys . the second key in some phones :  - volume down/up button - menu button - home button - back button - other type of button  when you enter safe mode there is a label " safe mode " at the bottom of the screen ( left or right corner ) . in some phones the debugging menu has more options in safe mode , all related to application management .
i am not sure about logging but , safe mode disables many system services during boot . on some systems it can bypass the security pattern or pin . i have not found any additional features . it seems to be more for reducing features for the sake of diagnostics . windows has a similar feature . i have posted a link on starting safe mode on a variety of devices for others to use ; however , it probably will not show up until i gain a bit of rep . safe mode for android
i have the same problem . i am using apple wireless keyboard and android ics 4.0 . i can pair and connect them both , but there is no additional ime in the input list . checking and unchecking the use as input option does not change anything . i am not sure if there should be one but some say bluetooth keyboard is supported out of the box in ics . also , some youtube videos show users who managed to connect them and typing right away without choosing any ime or anything . i am using bluekeyboard jp ( works well for me ) for the time being until i find a way to get it work natively without a third-party app .
found a possible solution from android central questions give it a shot . specifically , this post says to do the following : when pairing the keyboard with your device , it will prompt you to enter a pin and say " try 0000 or 1234 . " you need to : step 1 ) enter "0000" on your android device ( tablet or phone keyboard ) step 2 ) hit " okay " step 3 ) type "0000" and hit enter on your bluetooth keyboard
russian keyboard is a free app that allows you to choose different layouts ( languages ) for the hardware keyboard and the combination for switching between them ( alt+shift , alt+space or shift+space ) . works perfectly on my samsung with android 4.4 kitkat . note that selected layouts and the switching combination works as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
you can try ctrl+shift . this option better works for the xp . may be it can also work with you .
i confirm that setting the photo using the phone fixes the resolution , at least in some places ( my starred list seems to insist on low resolution ) . surprisingly , it turns out that if we add the contact to the starred in android group from contacts app in desktop , and then set the high-resolution photo , when this change gets synced with the phone the resolution gets fixed as well .
google contacts supports max . resolution of 98x98 apparently . hope they will fix this soon . anyway if you set high res . photos in the phone they will be displayed accordingly until you restore again your contacts from google servers .
what you are looking for is http://mightytext.net/ , it can provide you with access to your mobile phone sms and mms . there could be probably more have a look . .
very probably not . reason : while ( some ? ) usb dongles do support sending/receiving sms , android does not have a means to make use of it as is . 3rd party sms apps rely on the android api , but your device 's firmware is very probably not built to expose 3g dongle 's sms capabilities via that api .
most of the difference you see is likely the result of an addition to jelly bean ( initially in 4.1 and tweaked a bit in 4.2 and 4.3 ) called project butter . it basically consisted of vsyncing all graphics , using triple buffering , synchronizing touch response with the vsync , and working to predict and prepare for your next action . those seem like small things , but they make a considerable difference . you can see a slow-motion side-by-side comparison here . both devices are galaxy nexuses , one with ics and the other with jb 4.1 . the difference is rather striking , especially with the quick contacts demonstration at 0:45 . as such , the new smoothness is not going to depend so much on the hardware but on how much the device manufacture has tinkered with things , such as with htc and samsung using their own sense and touchwiz uis rather than google 's stock one , and thus benefiting less from butter .
here is the free version of maps . me if you cannot afford buying the pro version . you can download . apk file directly to pc via apkleecher but you can not download maps of countries . you should install . apk to the mobile and then download required country 's map .
have you checked with maps . me — world offline maps ?
try wifi file explorer ( also available in pro version with more features ) . it reads your sd card just like astro does , allows you to view it from a computer browser , and does not require root . you may be able to view your files from here , and if so , you can download them via wifi network . let us know if it works ! : )
simple painless can be with dropbox application where you can share files between various platforms . no need for cable just wireless access ; )
you may try install the android sdk and use adb-pull under command-line .
apparently android versions 3.1+ support mtp for file transfers . this is a better protocol than usb mass storage for media files ( music , photos , videos ) but will not necessarily work with all files as well . probably since this mode is meant for media transfer , the system and data folders are hidden from the user .
you might wish to run adb logcat for investigation . but that might only be helpful if you know how to trigger the issue . another approach would be , as you already indicated : start with a factory reset . you know that with a " fresh device " the issue does not happen , as described by your question install back only a part of your apps ( the ones you feel most essential ) , but not more than ~50% . see if the issue still happens . yes : the problematic app was in this batch no : the problematic app was not in this batch start over at 1 . , this time with the other half . does the issue show up again ? if 2 . + 3 . are answered " no " , it might as well be a combination of apps . if the issue shows up only in either 2 . or 3 . ( but not in both cases ) , start narrowing down . i will assume here it was part of 3 . , switch items if it was the other way around : starting over with factory-reset and installing the first half of your apps . split the other half in two again , and repeat as above this procedure should help you finding the culprit , while still being able to use your device and as much of your apps as possible . of course , you could also start with factory-reset and then install each app one-by-one ( which might be the safer approach ) – but as the issue might not show up immediately ( may even take a day or more ) , the above might be more practical .
the partition you want to write to is called boot , not bootloader , so the correct command is fastboot flash boot boot.img 
i have found that if i am using another app in the background that polls for location ( e . g . latitude in maps ) i tend to get much more accurate geo-tags in photos . ymmv , but perhaps if you know you are going to be shooting photos you can open up maps or similar first to start the process going . wrt your battery life question , leaving maps open tends to destroy my battery in a few ( 5-7 ) hours ( dinc 1 , known for horrible battery life anyway , even among android phones ) , especially if i am shooting a number of photos . when i know i am going to be using my phone in that manner i typically bring a second battery along , so that when i am done i can still make calls .
i am starting gpsfix before any app that use gps https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androidlab.gpsfix
when you click the " install " button on the app on the play store website , you should be prompted which device you want to use . if you are not seeing that , then i suspect you are using different google accounts on your devices .
assuming you are using the same google account on both devices to purchase and install apps from , it should prompt you for the device to install when you click the " install " button on the google play store website : you can even customize the names of your devices . on the main google play store website look for the " gear " icon on the top-right corner of the screen : click it and select the Settings option , which will bring you to the devices page : here you can click the Edit button , enter the name you wish and click Update . now the install prompt will use the names you have given your devices .
firstly , you need to write here model of your phone and firmware version . some examples from practice . lg optimus one . i did not realize very long time how to make google contacts from phone . it is simple . when you create contact there is on top of windows drop-down box , where are three items : Phone ( or PC Sync ) , SIM Google . it is obvious where each item saves contact data . default item is Phone . video how to create contact and select it is type . htc inspire 4g . default behavior is to create google contacts . but there is also drop-down menu where i can select SIM or Phone items . please look through your phone menus more thoroughly . also you can make contacts directly in web-interface of gmail . after small time they will be available in phone . and when you edit such contacts , they are edited on google server too . one thing you need to make such functionality available is to connect your phone and your google account .
google only keeps track of your google contacts . the contacts app on android allows other apps to provide data to it . that is how you get your skype etc . contacts on your phone but google can not know what they will be and can not sync them .
since google voice just comes in as a normal carrier call , there is no simple way to separate those calls . it does not pass any identifying information that the phone could use to identify it is a google voice call versus a carrier call . you can , however , change your google voice settings ( on the website , not the app ) so that it always shows your google voice number as the caller id on incoming calls . this means you could just whitelist your google voice number and block everything else . then you will receive only gv calls , but you will lose the ability to see who is calling since all calls coming to gv will just display as your gv number . you could then use the call screening features of gv to identify unknown callers . it really is not an elegant solution and the loss of caller id is a big inconvenience , but if you absolutely have to do this , it is about your only option .
android 4.3 has protection by default to disallow lock screen widgets : firstly you need to go to Settings &gt; My Device &gt; Lock Screen as above and enable " multiple widgets " you can change the sms notifications in the sms app > settings > notifications as an alternative for anyone interested i would recommend dash clock lock screen widget this is a highly customisable lock screen widget . you can have sms/missed calls/stardate ( seriously ) /hangouts/battery and lots more via extensions . you can customise the look and feel of the clock to be jellybean , kitkat etc too !
try wiping it from recovery . warning , it removes all data from phone .
press and hold volume up and home ( center ) button press power until the phone vibrate wait until you see the android logo then release all the buttons . select wipe data/factory reset with volume down , press power ( right hand-side ) select yes -- delete all user data with volume down and then press power after format , press power again to reboot phone . ( select reboot system now )
firmware update a firmware update usually brings to your device bug fixes or new features . this is good because insures your device security and readiness for a stable usage . after spending one hour trying to find a changelog for samsung firmwares , the best i could came up with was this website : samfirmware what is this ? the firmware page of sammobile is specially for the die-hard samsung owner . since firmware are country related , and i do not know yours , you can try to locate the firmware there : your new version : pda:lpd / phone:lpb / csc : lpd ( tmu ) marked at bold what is relevant to find that firmware . enter lpd in the search box and look at the column " csc " , than locate the row with the firmware released for your country . note : nonetheless , there is not much information available . there is also : this two websites provide a comprehensive list of the firmwares released : samsung galaxy s2 firmware updates via kies official releases compiled list how to update samsung i9100 galaxy s ii firmware locate your current firmware touch menu ; touch settings ; scroll to and touch about phone ; the software version will be displayed .
is orbot a reasonable option ? does not do what you are describing but does protect your content . guardian has a decent number of encryption apps .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
i am using cyanogen 10 mod and there is an option to set " always on vpn " . i did not test it but it says " select a vpn to always stay connected to . do not allow any network activity unless vpn is connected . " not sure what version this was added in . i am on 10.1 on motorola xoom tablet cdma .
as for the " automatically connect to wi-fi nodes " part , the wi-fi ruler app is very good . it will automatically connect to aps , then it will actually try them to see if they have internet connectivity ( and blacklist them and try another one if they do not ) , automatically approve clickwalls ( panera , starbucks , . . . ) , save aps under different priority profiles , etc . combined with something that keeps a persistent tunnel going , this should be a solution .
if your samsung galaxy 551 is already synced to google and you have enabled syncing for google contacts , then all you need to do is use your google account on the samsung galaxy s2 . once the s2 syncs , it will pick up the contacts that you synced using the samsung galaxy 551 .
if you want to do it without going via google , just follow these steps . to make it easier for others to follow , i refer to your samsung galaxy 551 as " old phone " , and the samsung galaxy s2 as " new phone": on the old phone : open the contacts app tap the " menu " button to bring up its extra menu select " export/import " , and chose to export your contacts to sdcard pick the created file ( it is most likely named 0001.vcf , or at least similar – .vcf stands for " vcard file" ) and copy it to your pc on the new phone : copy the 0001.vcf from your pc to the sdcard follow steps 1-3 from above , but in step 3 this time chose to import the vcard file select the vcard file from your sdcard , and have it imported you are done – all contacts from your " old phone " should now be on the " new phone " . additionally , you have got a backup on your pc which you can easily import to other pc applications as well : most contact handling applications should understand this format .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
there are various advertising networks that will use cookies and the likes of which to track you and profile your online movement , and then later use those to target ads at you . it is possible that the nbc and huffington post apps are using the same avertising network and thus showing the same/similar adverts . you might want to check out adblockplus for android , it no longer requires root access and their installation instructions are quite easy to follow .
the only solution is to download another dialer app
i know that android 4.1 , 4.2 and 4.3 do not allow that by default ( i.e. , there is no setting for it . ) you could , however , get another dialer or locker app . go locker is both a great locker and dialer , but it can get annoying , as it sometimes needs you to answer the android os dialer screen as well .
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
the information comes from the misc partition . . /dev/block/platform/sdhci-tegra . 3/by-name/misc if you dd if= . . . . of=/sdcard/misc . img then do an adb pull /sdcard/misc . img you will see . . i stuffed up a root and had cdma crap in there from one of the updates . . now no 3g either : ) but that is where it queries the information from . . doens't do an mdm_ctrl commands to extract it or anything .
here is a tutorial how to fix your alcatel the tutorial is a video on youtube its in spanish but dont worry i fixed mine even thoght i dont understand spanish ok here is the video link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxzycs6msma and here is the files you need to fix your phone https://www.mediafire.com/?gyhxb15ojb6dq6t try to watch the video first after you download the file unzip it to your desktop first thing you need to do is to shutdown your phone remove the battery and put the battery back into your phone press and hold the volume up button and turn on your phone then connect your phone to pc using the usb cable now open the folder you unziped to your desktop and double click romeo . cmd now you can see som thing like this type 1 and hit enter once you see press any key to return to home type 2 and hit enter again . . . . . . do that for all rest steps once you reach the 7 step your phone will restart unplug your phone from usb cable dont worry if it looks un usual now try to enter recovery mode and select recover user data once done reboot your phone and enjoy i hope this was helpfull
i think this link would help you out : http://lifehacker.com/5853519/how-do-i-fix-my-bricked-android-phone
not exactly that way , but you might wish to take a look at business tasks : business tasks ( click for larger image ) as the screenshot shows , you can put a contact as task , and then simply hit the phone symbol to place a call ( calls up the dialer ) . unfortunately , this seems to require the contact being in your contacts list . i have just tried to place a note with a phone number inside ; was not " clickable " . though that might be worth a ping to the devs , which are quite responsive and might be adding that feature in some way . alternatively , you might wish to take a look at number saver . according to this answer it automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it . until the business tasks devs put it in an update , a combination might do . cheap work-around might also be to put a contact shortcut on your homescreen . but again , this would require the person to be in your contacts list . finally , there is clipboard dialer : this little tool enables you to extract all phone numbers from what ever text is in your clipboard . it will present a list of all numbers it finds giving you an easy way to call , sms or create a new contact .
with google now just say , " google remind me to call 555-1234 at 2 pm "
android magic not found in boot . img . giving up . i got similar error , when i tried with the rom . zip . then i extracted the zip file " unzip rom . zip " . which gave the following structure . then i extracted the boot . img . drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 9 2011 data/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 70 may 16 2012 installbusybox drwxr-xr-x 4 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 6 19:03 sdcard/ drwxr-xr-x 16 vramaraj sw-team 4096 nov 28 22:14 system/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 4073472 dec 2 22:27 boot . img -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 302938 dec 3 21:14 logo . bin -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 236601691 jan 31 22:18 rom . zip -rwxr-xr-x 1 vramaraj sw-team 6773 jan 31 22:18 split_bootimg . pl* drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:19 meta-inf/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 3477896 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-kernel -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 591679 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-ramdisk . gz drwxr-xr-x 2 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:21 ramdisk/
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
that depends on multiple things : if you remove your account from the device , the paid apps most likely will stop working ( if they use google license services to verify their validity ) . so concerning this it was a bad idea to buy those apps specifically for your parents using your account if the device is running at least android 4.2 , you can create separate accounts for your parents , with your own account staying the " owner " ( which means , you would administrate the device for them -- certain actions as e.g. factory reset are limited to the " owner account" ) . in this case you would need to re-install all apps with the new account -- but it would be a " fake-reinstall " ( they will not be doenloaded another time ) . still , above mentioned license issue will remain : each user must pay for the app separateley . no issue for free apps , however -- though if changing the account they might no longer update , as they are " registered " with the old account . this update issue could be fixed using the appbrain app market , which lets you sync the list of apps you have installed with your account ( just one example , there might be other solutions i am currently unaware of , or which might require root ) i know it is possible to have multiple accounts on a device ( see e.g. multiple google accounts and the market ) . but never having tried this , i do not know how that works out . i think it is your parents , so you probably trust them enough to keep your account on the device , just adding a new one for them to use . this might solve the issue with the license stuff for the apps you already bought for them . but keep in mind that , depending on to which account the playstore app defaults then , they might still ending up buying apps with your account . and , of course , they can read your mail -- not only those mails you explicitly send them , but all mail on the bound gmail account : ) however : transfering payed apps between accounts is ( currently ? ) not possible . update : if your tablet is rooted , take a look at multi-user app share . this app permits the " owner " ( first user of the device ) to share apps with other accounts without having them re-download those from google 's playstore . as for now , it is not tested thoroughly with paid apps , but should ( at least partly ) work . check the app 's description and comments for details .
if any app takes significant time to open , it means that app is heavy on resources and/or there is high load on system . before bringing any app in memory , android first makes room for it in memory ( technically , it happens based on minfree value even if there is room for that app ) . so , to solve the issue , do these things : reduce load from system . less running apps in memory means less probability of minfree based ju-ju . use a lightweight camera app . lightweight apps are loaded in memory faster and again there is less probability of minfree based ju-ju . there are many lightweight camera apps in play store . just , search " fast camera " .
try instacamera pro from google play store . it starts very fast and has preferences to start camera and takes photo just by a single touch from home screen of your phone : instacamera is the quickest way to take a photo with your phone . there is no long process : just press the widget and it takes a photo , then closes just as quickly . the paid pro version is supposed to be faster than the free version .
when you download an app , it is downloaded into a cache on the internal sd card . so the 40mb app you downloaded is already taking up 40mb of space on your internal storage : ( there are a couple things you can do : sideload the app . download just the apk to your external sd card , and install it from there ( there is a chrome extension you can use to download apks to your computer , which you can then transfer to your phone - i have done this , works like a charm ) . you do not need to be rooted or anything for this to work - you just need to go into settings and allow app installation from other than the play store . delete the caches for your system ( and possibly some apps ) to clear up more space on your internal storage . if you are not comfortable finding and deleting the caches manually , such as /cache/download , there are many cache cleaning apps you can download from the play store to do this for you . you will probably need to be rooted for this to be effective , depending on your phone .
that is because normal move to sd card does not move every thing there . if you want to move apps completely to your sd card you will have to root your phone ( i am not responsible for doing something wrong to your phone , although it is rare to brick a phone during rooting ) . rooting ( android os ) -wikipedia how to root your android phone with superoneclick after rooting your phone you will have to partition your sd card ( as you need ) to make it two partitions . sd card partitioning - xda-developers then you will have to obtain one of the following apps to move apps completely to sd card . s2e ( simple2ext ) link2sd although i use link2sd many people prefer simple2ext . optional : if you are going to use link2sd some problems may occur , sometimes it tells you on first to choose your ext partition to create mount scripts so it could mount your ext partition on startup then it tells you to restart your phone and then it tells you the same message . the reason is that mount scripts are not compatible . solution:you must mount it manually using terminal emulator by typing these commands : su mount -t ext* /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data/sdext*  note : replace ( * ) with the number of your sd ext partition then you should quick restart from link2sd by pressing the hardware menu key then more then at the end of the list choose quick restart and then confirm . you are done .
when you move an application not everything is moved . namely the application 's data stays on the internal memory . as for your issue , go into settings -&gt; applications -&gt; all  and select clear cache for the listings : " play store " and " download provider " . than reboot .
i do not know if archos have modified the music player at all , but on most android devices and players , the most reliable way to ensure that all your music shows its album art in the player is to embed the album art directly in the mp3 file , rather than relying on a " folder.jpg " or a " albumart.jpg " being in the folder . as far as i know most music selling websites embed the album art directly in the file , and a lot of popular cd ripping software does too these days , so it is probably only your older files , or ones you have got from elsewhere that do not have the art embedded in the file . i use a windows program called mp3tag to embed the album art directly into the file amongst other things , but there is lots of other software that will do this , see these answers on our superuser sister site for some suggestions : what is the easiest way to update album art ? , or bulk fix album artwork in itunes library for display
it seems you cannot achieve this on built-in nook app . fortunately , you are using two android devices since there are many solutions for reading on android devices . install moon + reader under the assistance of dropbox on your android phone and nook color . you can also keep the same reading progress in this method . guide
i do not believe that functionality works yet . i have tried to sideload pdfs and plain . txt files and they do not register in " my library " or under " my files " and obviously they do not sync between my devices . i also can not find a web interface for loading non-nook files . i did a little searching around a couple months ago and i found a few unsubstantiated forum posts that claim that it is planned functionality but the android app currently only supports sideloaded epub files . if not , any ideas how i could accomplish this ( other than doing it manually which i currently do ) ? i would say your best bet right now is to do this outside the nook app . sideload ( or wait till jan for the market ) a pdf reader and dropbox or sugarsync onto your nook color to keep your pdfs synced and accessable . * for full disclosure : those dropbox and sugarsync links are my referral links so if you do not already have them and you use those links both you and i get some free extra storage ; o )
evernote will allow you to add pdfs to your notebooks . evernote is available for the nc as well as for android and ios . once the pdf is in a notebook , it'll sync via evernote .
yes , google is in charge of the android market .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
for low gpu workloads , the only sensible metric is power consumption . if the frame time is always less than 1/60 s , then changes in frame time will not affect the visual appearance of the app , so neither frame time nor fps provide any useful information . you can not usefully measure power consumption from a user-space benchmark : you need either kernel hooks ( such as are used by the android battery use chart ) or a hardware power probe . note that it is important to measure the power consumption of the whole system , not just the gpu . it is almost always possible to shift work between the cpu and gpu , and you may find that certain gpu performance techniques actually increase cpu power consumption , so you need the total power in order to see the whole picture . note also that you need to measure the power consumption over all time , not just while the frame is rendering . consider two power policies : one always runs the gpu at full speed while there is work to do , but if the frame is quick to render , it is only for a very short burst ; the other turns down the gpu speed to reduce power consumption such that the frame is always ready just in time . sampling power use , or measuring it only while the frame is being rendered , will make the first policy look more power-hungry , but it might in fact use less power overall , because it can run in short bursts . in short , power profiling is a big topic , and choosing the right workload is only a small part of it . you really need to understand what you are trying to optimize for , and that is not always frame time .
i have experienced random reboots on android 4.2 on the nexus 7 . from my research it looks like there may be an issue with google 's location services , but that is not verified . i do not think it is unique to your device in any case . take a look at this article which goes a little more in depth .
after you have deleted the message , sync your google account .
ok i found it : Go to the Contact. Do not press Edit. Hit Menu. Hit Options. Select Ringtone. Set Ringtone.  seems wacky that you do not edit the contact to change the ringtone .
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
i have been trying out keyguard tool++ , which is supposed to perform this function . you can set it so that if you are within range of a particular wifi ssid , the screen lock will not kick in . there are also options to look for specific bluetooth devices or usb connections to determine whether the key guard kicks in . however , it seems to not be quite reliable under android kitkat on my htc one ( m8 ) , so ymmv . update : after talking to the developer of keyguard tool++ , he is aware of the issue where the screen will not reliably stay unlocked if you have secured the device with a pin code . he is already working on a fix and it will hopefully be released soon .
short answer yes . more detailed there are probably multiple solutions . the one coming to my mind again involves an app named tasker , which is the most flexible automation app on android . an idea would be to have it start a timer whenever the screen is switched off , which is " blanked " whenever the screen is turned on . have the key guard turned off initially ( i.e. . no lock takes place ) , and turn it on when the timer 's up ( lock ) .
not quite , no . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . when a package is upgraded ( that is , replaced with a new apk file with the same package name and a later version code ) , the old version is stopped , so that nothing from the app is running any more . the old apk file is removed and the new one replaces it , but the other uninstall actions are not performed : the private app data and default preferences are kept , and the uninstall broadcast is not sent . instead , a different intent is broadcast to tell any interested apps that the package has been updated . so while the old apk file is removed , the effect of an upgrade is quite different to uninstalling the old package and then installing the new one . in google play the situation can be a bit different if the developer has enabled delta updates ( called smart updates by google ) . in a delta update only the changes between the two versions are downloaded and applied to the existing apk . for example , if you have an app that is 15mb in size , and the developer decides to change the background image , you do not need to download the entire application again , you can just download the delta ( difference ) , which includes the new image . the old apk is then duplicated , the new content is injected to the copy of the old apk , and if successful the old apk is removed . the end result is the updated apk .
the hacked apk from here works : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=18058380postcount=147
using the llama app , you can set up a “silent” profile with ring and notification volume set to zero , then add some people to the “noisy” contacts list in the profile to be able to hear rings from them ( not sure about sms ) . you can either select the needed profile manually , or add rules to switch them automatically ( according to the current time or any other events supported by llama — there are lots of automation possibilities there ) . note that in this case people who call you will just get no answer ( although your operator might support some form of call redirection after a timeout ) . other call blocking apps may have different behavior ( e . g . , immediately redirect unwanted calls to voicemail ) , but llama cannot do anything with incoming calls except silencing the ring .
i think ultimate call blocker free might be what you are looking for . you could also try some of these : call control call blocker
in order to do this , you would need a rooted phone , and flash a custom rom with the htc interface ( called sense ) built in . depending on your phone , it may or may not be there ( more likely not ) .
i used z4root on samsung galaxy 3 , and it was quite smooth . the easiest way to root ( unroot ) android .
the xda post for z4root says that it is 100% compatible with samsung galaxy s and will provide a permanent root option . v1.2.0 : unroot support , fix for devices with small max file size such as i5700 , binaries in xbin rather than bin so it says it will unroot ? i have not used this method to root any phones , so i can not vouch for it .
z4root was a very nice simple app ( at least , v . 1.3.0 worked for sgs on froyo 2.2 ) , but after i upgraded samsung galaxy s to gingerbread ( 2.3.5 ) , this rooting method became nonfunctional . the phone can be rooted with superoneclick though .
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
if you can not turn the phone on , you are screwed . i am not sure what you think the internal storage is apart from " electronics": it is a chip soldered to the main board of your phone . next time , try to make a backup before you get your phone wet . it is much easier that way .
internal storage does not not use the circuitry in the phone . there is no telling what is been fried , but an audible sound is not good . next time you drop your phone in water , let it dry before you try using it . plug the phone into a pc using it is data cable . if it mounts , extract the data . if it does not mount , check the pc 's device manager and see if any devices are showing up in the list that are not being recognized by your os . if there is nothing there , then you are pretty much out of luck .
the wifi password imho is only setup once , when you configure your device 's hotspot . lateron , you simply activate/deactivate it . to automate the latter , you could e.g. use tasker : profile " autohotspot " : condition : " device boot " task : " wifi tether " &rarr ; set on with this profile activated , your hotspot would be automatically be enabled as soon as the device has completed booting up . for the " bonus point " you mentioned : there is a free 7-day trial available on the tasker homepage . you can download the .apk to your computer , and use adb to install it on your device ( adb pm install ) . . .
on my i9000 ( galaxy s ) this just means that something has changed the filesystem withing the phone like ext2> ext4 and the current kernel doesnt support it . . normally happens when flashing custom roms without checking the kernel requirements . . . . like i did :- ( the only way round it is to reflash using odin with a 512 . pit file and make sure you select re-partition . .
i think your internal sdcard was corrupted , you can try connecting the device to the pc in external disk mode and try formatting the sd card from windows .
i just had this same issue on my droid 3 after i installed a deoxded stock rom . i was able to install titanium backup , but could never access my backup directory . ended up that i never disconnected my phone from my pc and while connected it would not allow bidirectional access ( from pc and from phone ) . disconnected it from my pc and volia , my internal sd storage showed up .
it does sound like your internal storage has been corrupted , but i do not know if i would try to format it via your pc . this is not actually an " sdcard " , it is the internal storage on the device ( which is a sgh-t959 , not an i9000 ) . i would revert back to stock rom using odin and return the phone under warranty . if you are already having issue with the internal storage , i would want a new device . now i guess you could try and format it via your pc ( i dont know if you can even access it when its mounted via usb because i never mount it ) but i , personally , would not , i would get a new device . for reference , the i9000 is the international version of the galaxy s phones . none of the us carriers sell the i9000 . they sell different versions of the the galaxy s phones . for example , the t-mobile vibrant is the sgh-t959 , the verzion fascinate is sch-i500 , the at and t captivate is sgh-i897 . while they are all galaxy s phones , they are all also different devices . they have different hardware , like some have a front facing camera , led flash , 4 buttons , etc .
have not tried , but this seems to be the solution : if you use titanium backup , after you have re-synced your gmail/facebook/etc . contacts , restore the " [ contacts/calls ] contacts storage " , reboot and done . this of course assumes you also back this same setting up prior to wiping/loading a new rom
yes it should work . if you look at your contacts in gmail you will see an extra piece of data that stores the link information . at least mine have that for my htc desire . this is what i see . &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:123456789/friendof:123456789&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt;  this means the sync data is not stored on your phone at all , just as part of the contact info in google .
i believe backing up the data for the contacts storage and restoring it should restore linked-up contacts . you can do this with an app such as titanium backup ( requires root ) .
go into your contacts tab . press menu > display options you can then select ' display only contacts with phones ' also there is a list of accounts with ' choose contacts to display ' above it . if you select each one of these you can choose which groups to hide or show , this may be were the numbers are being hidden . also within your text messaging app , you can press : menu > settings and there is a setting that says ' only mobile numbers ' deselect this as sometimes it hides numbers thinking they are not phone numbers when they are !
i finally found the solution for this problem . follow these steps : backup all your contacts open appmanager and goto " all " tab search for this app " contacts storage " and clear its data reboot device restore your contacts . . . done .
if you really need to do this , you could get a debit card hooked to your paypal account . both their straight debit card , and their prepaid debit card are master-card branded , so you can use them as your google app store payment option . it is not the app store taking paypal , of course , but it gets you what you want without the players involved having to come to any agreements .
yaam ( yet another android market ) uses paypal , i have had no problems with it .
you can buy a gift card and use it yourself . i have used paypal to buy gift card from www.pcgamesupply.com and redeem it on google play .
google allows play store apps to be purchased using paypal ( starting from may 15 , 2014 ) : starting today , we are making it possible for people to choose paypal for their google play purchases in 12 countries , including the u.s. , germany , and canada . when you make a purchase on google play in these countries , you will find paypal as an option in your google wallet ; just enter your paypal account login and you will easily be able to make purchases . source : http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2014/05/helping-you-go-global-with-more.html
with the recent legal bickering between ebay and google , i would say that the android market starting to accept paypal ( owned by ebay ) is highly unlikely any time soon : http://www.csmonitor.com/business/latest-news-wires/2011/0528/ebay-sues-google-over-stolen-secrets-poached-employees there are other alternative markets like slideme that i believe do offer paypal .
neither google android market nor the amazon appstore support paypal . slideme . org is an alternative market which does support paypal payments . it is not a mirror , so you will not find as many apps as you would in the official google market .
there is no official support for paypal in the android market , and seeing how google and paypal now seem to be competing a bit , i doubt there ever will be . but , if you want to use paypal , you may be able to sign up for the paypal debit card and link that to your google checkout account . then you will be using paypal to make your purchases , and you can earn %1 cash back on the purchase .
it may have been downloaded , but has it been installed ? open up the market app and click " my apps " . if it is not listed there - i suggest you reinstall it . also , is your device capable of running it ?
this may sound dumb , but have you tried to scroll the view ? or if there is really no space left to view the text list , just hide the keyboard ( return key ) .
have you tried im+ ? it mentions that for the skype function you need to use an in-app purchase . however it has good reviews overall , however i am not sure what the battery drain is like .
i use this im+ pro . it has a option to add skype too but i have not used skype on im pro coz i dont have an skype account . this is a paid application .
this is very likely to be a problem with the touchscfeen hardware . to test this , try installing a drawing/painting app from google play . open the app , get into painting mode , and leave it for a minute . if you start getting paint appearing at the same point ( where the 2 abc soft key shows up ) , you know that part of the touchscreen is not working . in the same way , try painting in the app and check whether any parts of the screen can not be painted on . if there are any stuck parts of the screen , you can try giving them a wipe with a slightly damp , soapy cloth . turn the phone off to do that , and make sure you dry the screen before trying to use it again . if that does not solve the problem , you are left with sending the phone back to the shop , or making a warranty claim , depending on how long you have had the problem .
in theory you could used yaffs2 image of the system and use that following the steps on the link you posted , but you will probably run in to driver issues with the " hardware "
i had the same symptoms while cooking a rom when the symlink of /system/bin/sh to mksh was missing .
try mind map memo . easy to add new branches with a simple swipe but not as powerful as thinking space .
i have been using the app thinking space . certainly not as efficient but good if i want to map a quick idea out .
according to my experience , it does not turn mobile networking on . i have android 2.2 on htc desire hd .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
makeuseof defines a ramdisk as such : the name says it all . a ram disk is simply a bunch of memory modules that have been grouped together and then dedicated to long-term storage instead of short-term storage . the memory used is no different from ordinary ram modules .
as aureljared points out , apps offer alternative zoom mechanisms . google officially recommends that apps use either double-click or double-click-and-drag to zoom . ( that is , click once , then hold the mouse button down and drag vertically to zoom in and out . ) android 's " manifest " system for apps requires apps to state explicitly if they work with non-touchscreen pointing interfaces like a mouse , joystick , or trackpad . if the manufacturer of your tv stick set it up correctly , it will only show you apps which can be used fully with a mouse and keyboard , including zooming .
i just found this info with a quick google http://www.pcworld.com/article/184656/android_keyboard_shortcuts.html i hope it helps . android keyboard shortcuts : browsing • menu + i : zoom in • menu + o : zoom out • menu + j : go back a page • menu + k : go forward a page • menu + r : refresh current page • menu + f : find on page • menu + b : open bookmarks • menu + s : open social network sharing menu • menu + h : view browsing history • menu + s : open browser settings
android 4.0 devices ( or already 3.0 ? ) allow this . both client and host pan roles are supported ( i guess this was deliberately introduced by google for umts-less tablets ) . on the pan host : enable bluetooth tethering in the settings on each device : pair with the host and enable " internet access " in the bluetooth device 's tab :
actually , with 2.3.5 . x version of gmail app , google added more notification options , although well hidden within the settings . in the main screen of the gmail app : press the menu key , go to more -> settings . tap on your google account , scroll down to the Notification settings section and ensure the Email notifications option is enabled . on the same screen , tap on the Labels to notify option . here " inbox " and " priority inbox " are always listed , as well as any labels you have created on the gmail 's web interface . for each label that you want to specify or change notification options , tap on the label , and in the pop-up window you will be able to select the following options : email notifications : whether or not to display the icon in the notification area when new e-mail comes in . ringtone : allows you to specify a custom ringtone , or set to " silent " for none . vibrate : specifies options for when/if to also vibrate on new mail . notify once : when checked , will only display notifications ( and sound/vibrate ) once for new mail until you dismiss it , otherwise will notify for each new e-mail . tap OK button , exit out of the settings , and you should be all set .
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
is your boot-loader unlocked via sony unlocking tool ? caveat emptor you will lose data proceeding below ! quoted directly : what phones can be unlocked ? to check if you phone can be unlocked , follow the steps below : first , you should confirm that it is possible to unlock the boot loader of your phone by checking the service menu . in your phone , open the dialler and enter # #7378423# # to access the service menu . in your phone , tap service info > configuration > rooting status . if bootloader unlock allowed says yes , then you can continue with the next step . if it says no , or if the status is missing , your device cannot be unlocked . if the above says it cannot be unlocked , then you cannot unlock it and flash a custom rom , you are out of luck ! follow the answer below by another poster who is 100% correct in usage of sus ( see below further down in my answer ) to reset it . if it says it can , then go ahead and follow the instructions to unlock the boot-loader . you will lose your settings . then go to xda and install legacyxperia which has the custom clockworkmod recovery which can be activated by toggling the volume buttons upon start-up . the quirk about the semc 2011 line of handsets is - there is no actual recovery partition , the custom boot image found within legacyxperia handles the necessary loading of the recovery if the volume keys are pressed , and if not , continues loading android as usual . oh and by the way , you might notice on some websites , where it governs using fastboot , it will say something like this : fastboot flash boot boot.img - that is incorrect ! you must specify fastboot -i 0xfce flash boot boot.img , its the -i 0xfce part that is omitted . it will not work without it . if you wish to use a more powerful tool unlike sus tool ( sony companion tool that checks for firmware updates ) , you can use this tool called flashtool which can do a lot more than the sus software itself , such as re-locking the boot-loader ( if reverting back to stock ) . the above is for the more adventurous kind of person , if not the other answer by the poster is more suited .
download cwm here : http://www.mediafire.com/download/kf88nz9k9adugqa/a1%2b+recovery.img download mobileuncle tool : http://www.mediafire.com/download/lmd4m939ymahddz/mobile+uncle+tools%281%29.apk how to install download recovery . img and mobileuncle tool from given links rename a1+ recovery . img to recovery . img copy recovery . img to root of your sd card install mobileuncle tool open mobileuncle tool . click flash recovery from sdcard , allow root permission , and click ok . thats it . information found on xda forum ( source ) . custom roms for the karbonn a1+ are few , but i found this xperia rom forum . more can be found elsewhere . do your research and you will find some more .
unlocking the bootloader performs a factory-reset on the phone , deleting all the user data . it does not wipe the rom . if you are just trying to back up the stock rom before flashing ( a sensible precaution ) , then you can safely do that after unlocking the bootloader . if you want to back up your user data ( i.e. . installed apps and their data , contacts , etc . ) , then you do have to do that before unlocking the bootloader , and the answers to this question explain how .
the answer to this question is that no , neither android nor my carrier are arbitrarily blocking traffic on high-numbered ports . the problem is that i had forgotten how paranoid i am about security and that , in addition to making ssh listen on a non-standard port , i had also created an iptables rule to only allow connections to that port from my home ip address and my work ip address . obviously i was using a different ip address when attempting to connect via my phone , hence the failure to connect . ( and i probably did not look hard enough when prompted by @izzy to check server logs , because i am sure there is a record of the blocked connection attempt in there somewhere ) . d'oh . . . my apologies for wasting people 's time , but in case anybody else thinks they have a problem with android or their carrier arbitrarily blocking ports , hopefully this answer will prompt them to triple check everything about their connection , including their server firewall , before they go off logging tickets .
it does not look like you can control the data connection for your facebook notifications . you can have notifications on or off . you might consider increasing your notification interval to reduce the impact of the notifications . ( i see no need to receive fbook notifications every 30 minutes . ) there may be a tasker ( et al . ) " recipe " which can turn on/off facebook notifications based on location , existence of wi-fi , etc . , but i do not have any knowledge there .
try installing an app firewall such as droidwall ( needs root ) and disallow 3g access for the facebook app .
many android phones have a hidden app called " service menu " which runs when you call some codes in phone app . for example , service menu for sony ( ericsson ) android phones will appear when you call *#*#7378423#*#* or *#*#SERVICE#*#* and for most of samsung android phones , it appears when you call *#0*# or *#9072641*# from " service menu " , you can test screen , keys , touch , . . . and most importantly , sensors . so , test this code in your phone and see if " service menu " appears , then test your proximity sensor from there , without any need to install a third-party app .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
from the samsung support site : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000006/10628/127752 hope this helps !
according to google support : my places gives you easy access to your important locations and personal maps history . whether you’ve starred or searched on your phone or computer , in my places you’ll find your : offline maps starred places ( including home and work locations ) recently viewed maps items directions search queries my maps rated places maps searches
it is device internal codenames . reasons : device specifications is secret before release . after release , firmware not renamed , to exclude misunderstanding for developers . one device may have different firmware versions , depends on target market and hardware configuration ( modem , nfc , wi-fi settings ) .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
this is an exert from a guide to manually install android 4.2 takju on non-yakju galaxy nexus written 14th nov . 2012 available at : http://webtrickz.com/guide-to-manually-install-android-4-2-takju-on-non-yakju-galaxy-nexus/ following the availability of nexus 4 and nexus 10 , google has begun the rollout of android 4.2 jelly bean ota update for galaxy nexus and nexus 7 as well . android 4.2 is currently available only for takju variant of gsm/hspa+ galaxy nexus and luckily google has also released the android 4.2 factory image for takju galaxy nexus . apparently , non-yakju galaxy nexus users wont receive this new update anytime soon as their phone is updated by samsung whereas yakju and takju firmware are updated directly by google . however , users with adequate technical know-how can easily convert their non-yakju ( yakjuxw , yakjuux , yakjusc , yakjuzs , yakjudv , yakjukr and yakjujp ) device to takju to receive prompt future ota updates from google . install yakju or takju ? takju , the firmware that ships with google play store version of galaxy nexus ( in us ) apparently receives updates faster than the yakju variant . so , it’s better to choose takju over yakju .
basically , the problem with this is that your phone cannot distinguish between what you want to say and transmit to the other end of the conversation , and words you want to be commands to the phone . what if you call an automated system that says " say ' one ' for x . say ' two ' for y . " ? when you say ' one ' or ' two ' , there is no way ( without very advanced ai ) for the phone to decide whether you intended to transmit that speech ( e . g . " two" ) or intended it to be a command for the phone to dial ( '2' ) . you could possibly have a custom dialer app where if you press a button on your phone , it stops transmitting your voice and accepts commands , and pressing again stops accepting commands and resumes transmitting your voice . i would bet a lot of money that no one has made such a custom dialer . of course , there are many phones where you can enter " pauses " into the dialer , followed by menu choices . for example , 555-555-5555-pause-pause-pause-2-pause-1 will : dial 555-555-5555 wait for the call to connect press '2' ( for a menu option ) wait for the next menu press '1' ( for a menu option ) this might serve your needs if you know the menu layout , but otherwise i think you are stuck ( unless you want to use headphones as lie ryan suggests ) .
an older question , would apple earpods work on my android phone ? , says the earpods do not work for android phones . however , a question on apple 's site , will the earpods work with other smartphones and audio devices ? , says it works on some android phones , especially on newer ones . in google play , there is remotecontrol for earphones , which might be useful , but i can not say for sure . i do not have an earpod .
you have to go to the path /sdcard/data/colornote/BACKUP/ and there should be the idx and dat files . if you have them and you want to backthem up , it asks for the password . i solved this problem by adding another android device . take another android phone and install colornote make a new note and save it go to settings and turn off auto sync . now you can backup manual it will ask you about a new master password ( type in 0000 or whatever ) now connect your android phone and copy the whole folder and paste it into the second device in the same colornote folder /sdcard/data/colornote/backup/ start colornote on the second device . if you go to backups , you will see the backup from your first device the backup will work now and you can easily write it down or take pictures of your notes to put them back on your first device .
check out this page on the app inventor website on how to use app inventor with an emulator .
on the samsung galaxy s3 , you have to do this from the contact , and re-save . from the ice list that contains the contact , click the contact and edit it ( s3 uses a pencil icon to indicate editing ) . see the groups area for the contact , and uncheck . save the contact/group association . save ( again ) for the contact . the contact should now show as removed from the ice list .
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
there an app developed to deal with that issue , smart timeout keep screen on by guidology available from google play store : smart timeout allows you to specify apps that will keep the screen / display on . once there are no specified apps visible on the screen the normal screen timeout is enabled . works great while reading articles in web browsers , email , or any app you specify . you will no longer need to worry about touching the screen to prevent the screen from sleeping , dimming or timing out . ain't free , costs 0,76€ , but " saves " you from the described annoying situation : )
if you are connected to wifi , then it may be set to turn off when the screen is turned off . you can use the video linked below to explain how to do it , in essense : go to the system settings select wifi press the menu key select advanced change wi-fi sleep policy to ' always ' video
i saw this issue on my moto x . i also had the wifi sleep policy to always and the download would freeze once the phone went to standby . i found that if i put the play store in the background , it will continue to download and install .
though i do not know about any " official way " ( did i miss some option in the playstore app ? ) , i can think of a work-around using tasker ( or a similar automation app ) . as a long-term tasker user , i can best describe it for this app , which is the most feature-filled and complete automation solution for android ( but for sure not the cheapest and easiest one ) . you might be able to adapt that to a different tool . tasker combines " conditions " with " tasks " to so-called " profiles " -- so let 's create a profile " appupdates": condition : app ( select the playstore or whatever market app you use ) task : display ( disable timeout ) that should do it : as long as one of the selected apps ( you can select multiple entries there ) is running in the foreground , the display will be kept alive -- and thus the device from going to sleep . mission accomplished .
for a more complete instruction set of how to get the nexus 4 udev rules on ubuntu configured follow these instructions : how to find your device vendor id you can find a vendor id for usb connected devices with the following linux command : lsusb  this will generate a list of all connected usb devices so make sure your device is connected before you do so . Bus 001 Device 004: ID 18d1:4ee2 Google Inc.  the first part of the field after id is the vendor id ( 18d1 ) and the second part corresponds to the mode in which the device is connected . in this case 4ee2 equals mtp mode with debug on . create udev rule for nexus 4 to be able to detect the nexus 4 phone under ubuntu , first thing is to create the proper udev rules that will allow the system to detect the phone . these udev rules should be able to handle 4 different cases : phone connected in mtp mode ( usb debug on or off ) phone connected in ptp mode ( usb debug on or off ) phone connected in fastboot mode phone connected in recovery mode they will be declared in /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules . if file already exists , just append the content at the end of it . # sudo gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules  below contents has to be added . make sure to replace the your-login field with your proper username your logged in with . restart services once done , udev service has to be restarted . # sudo service udev restart  note that in some cases it is also needed to restart adb with : adb kill-server adb start-server  or completely reboot the system with : sudo reboot -n  reconnecting the usb cable ( instead of a reboot ) might also work . authorize adb connection if you have just enabled the adb debug option on your phone and created this new connection the adb command might list your device as unauthorized . just check the screen of your phone then to authorize the new connection . credits most of this information was found at http://bernaerts.dyndns.org/android/267-android-nexus4-root-twrp-ubuntu . this is a rooting guide for nexus 4 on ubuntu . i only used the first step of this guide .
it is not enough to make the developer options page appear in the settings menu ( by repeatedly tapping the build number ) . on that page , there is an option usb debugging , which defaults to off . when usb debugging is enabled , connecting your device to a pc using usb makes the " usb debugging connected " notification appear , regardless of whether adb is currently running on the pc .
you can install it , but not everything will work properly . most things should work , but not all . read the forum / thread from where you are downloading the rom . if you are okay with a few things not working you can get it . otherwise , you might want to wait till a rom is ported out for your particular device . you can read the xda forum thread what is the difference between 3110 and 3113 ? to know what people have got working and what did not work for them .
i am in a very similar situation where i want to install a new rom but i do not want to have to re-install everything . fortunately , we are not alone . seems wartickler from from xda-developers have done the hard work for us . he has posted the very detailed solution at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1994705 it actually recovers your partition as a raw file , coverts it to vhd and then recovers the data from it ( using magic i presume ) it is not a 5 minute exercise and not recommended for beginners , but seems to solve the problem . ps . i have not tried it myself , so results may vary .
let me starting answering the title question , about backups : honestly , titanium backup is overrated . ( unless you have a lot of non-market app , or apps that have weird local data storage --i , like most people , do not have either ) second , depending on rom compatibility , your apps will be untouched . but do not count on it . i count on it when i update the nightly cyranogen rom on my device , but that is the only case when i do that . for a new rom , you would not even want the same apps to being with . for example , most of my apps before i flashed cyanogen mod were to give me lame solutions for what i was missing without cyanogen . after i got cyanogen , i think i reinstalled only 1/3 of the apps i had before . also , very few apps will store anything exclusively locally nowadays . just go over your list of app , see the ones that install data locally , export it one way or another , just wipe , reinstall and restore . now it is even easier than before as the market will save your previous installs . now to the particular phone issue : there is something wrong . i never had a phone sans sd-card , even the touchpad has a fake sd partition . . . i assumed every install of android required a /data partition to begin with . but even if your phone does not have one , i think it is possible to create , as the guys from cyanogen mod created on the touchpad . now , if by full wipe you really mean full wipe ( factory reset something ) than you are wiping the /data partition as well as the system and the dalvik cache , and everything is normal . you just have to stop doing it : )
you can use adb backup command to back-up everything to your pc . use this manual on xda for correct parameters .
a combination of titanium backup ★ root and foldersync might do . you need to set it up once , then have tb taking care to backup your apps and apps data -- while foldersync automatically transfers those backups plus additional selected folders ( "sd contents" ) to your computer when connected to your local wifi network .
i tried galaxy nexus toolkit to take backup when i updated my galaxy nexus to android 4.2.1 . it worked very well and i was able to restore my apps with data . but for the games like need for speed , i lost the downloaded data . so if your app downloads extra data from servers , you may need to take /android/data/ [ app package directory ] to avoid extensive data download after installation . there is an option in this tool to take entire internal sd card image as virtual sd card . just explore more about this tool and decide if it really can work for you .
how to find out what is going on as this problem can have many causes , it is important to first figure out the real culprit . without knowing that , attempted solutions are nothing but guesswork , and the process nothing but try-and-err . so here are a few steps : is it a hardware error on the card ? put the card in a different device . it the same problems occur there , we can rule out your problem is with the device , and it is rather the card . is the card corrupted ? you can put the card in a card reader , attach it to your computer , and have it checked there . with a terminal app , you could try the same from within your device , using the /sbin/fsck.vfat tool – but on your computer , graphical tools might assist you . check the android logs for related errors : our logging tag-wiki gives you some hints on how to do this . especially useful might be our question on how can i view and examine the android log ? the third step lead directly to the cultprit ( s ) in your case : corrupted files . deleting those made the card usable again . so next , let 's check a few possible causes : what could be possible culprits ? the card could be physically corrupted . in this case , the same errors should occur on other devices , and as well on your computer when using a card reader . only solution for this is to replace the card with a new one , as a " physical repair " is not possible . there might be problems with the contacts . here a few things could be tried , like cleaning the contacts of the card . if the same problem occurs with any card you put in your device , it is rather the device itself – in which case you had have to send it in for service . logical corruption of the cards file-system : the file system can get corrupted . this e.g. happens when you disconnect the card without cleanly unmounting it first . while in such a case the same problems should show up in any device using the card , some might be " more tolerant " on errors than others . so it does not hurt to check the file-system for errors – see step 2 in " how to find out " for checking . if there are errors found , the same tools usually can solve them . re-formatting the card would be a last resort for this as well . corrupted files on the card : the card might be physically perfect , and have no issues in the file-system . but in some cases , corrupted files might led to problems as well – especially if occuring on " central files " android is always looking for on the card when it is mounted ( in the /Android subdirectory , or while scanning for media ) . if you can read the card using a card-reader on your pc , you can make a backup there and then format the card – copying the files back one-by-one until the error occurs again , and then skip those corrupted files . easier approach is the one you have taken on my recommendation in the comments : check androids logs ( see step 3 on " how to find out" ) , and simply delete the culprits ( again , via a card reader – as you cannot do so on the device itself , which does not correctly mount the card anymore ) . possible solutions have already be mentioned along the lines , together with the related causes : cleaning the contacts of the card checking the card for file-system errors and , if there are any , have them repaired formatting the card 1 checking the android logs for other hints ( e . g . corrupted files , which then should be removed ) 1: remark : switching to an alternative file-system type does not affect whether formatting helps , but rather might lead to additional issues – as not all file-system types are supported by android . which are , differs from device to device , and depends on the rom used : vfat is the default shipping with most cards , and hence always supported . extfs is mostly supported as android uses it internally ( but might not be automatically detected , as it is not expected here ) . other types such as ntfs or hfs are very unlikely to be supported
try your sdcard with other mobile or a card reader . make sure its properly working .
looks like this phone does not support flashing partitions via the fastboot utility . according to this guide you will first need to root the phone by following the instructions from here : download the latest version of framaroot and side-load the apk . open framaroot select the action to perform . select “install supersu” . in the rooting menu , select an exploit in list above to potentially root your device as barahir or boromir and proceed further . the rooting has now started and you will be getting an awesome success message . after the end of the installation process , reboot your device and you can now enjoy the rooted lenovo s920 . after the phone is rooted , you will need to do the following : download cwm for lenovo s920 and extract it to the root of your sd card . install mobile uncle app from google play store . once installed , launch it from your app drawer . select “recovery update” from the menu . the tool will search your sdcard automatically and find your “recovery . img” file . select the recovery under “recovery file in sdcard” . click “ok” it will ask you if you want to reboot into recovery . click ok to confirm that your phone boots in cwm recovery . if installing recovery . img doesn’t work on first time , no problem , after reboot install it again through same procedure . this installs the recovery temporarily . if you wish to install it permanently , also do the following : install root explorer and run it . mount the system partition to read/write . navigate to /system/ and delete the file named " recovery-from-boot . p " . re-install cwm as described above .
you can try clearing cache and rebooting if you are able to get inside cwm
there are other apps which allow users to view whatsapp conversations without starting the official whatsapp application . whatsapp also performs a backup of your conversations and stores it on the sd card ( internal or external , depending on device ) . it is possible that when the new user entered his credentials , the app detected a previous backup and allowed the new user to import the old conversations in . afaik , whatsapp authenticates the app with the sim card that is present in the device . so , your new chats should not be visible . in any case , prudence dictates that when selling a phone , always perform a factory reset and wipe the data off the internal / external sd card ( s ) .
what you want to do is make your own rom using a existing one and add more stuff to it . this site would have helped you http://romkitchen.org/ but its now down . this thread contains more info , including links to more tools .
you would easily be able to do this via a nandroid backup , and there a apps on google play that allow you to restrict the device . the only issue is licenses for apps - they are linked to the google account , so you would have to use the same google account on every device if you do not want to pay for every app for each google account on every device . this is fine if it is a generic account , but it may not be wanted if it is a personal account . if you make a nandroid backup with all the apps , and then restore it to all the other devices , it will have the apps , settings and licenses , as well as the google account . i am going to check on google play for the app that allows you to limit ability ( i know there is at least one ) .
get " s note helper " from google play store
llama ( free ! ) can also do this for you , and some say it is better than tasker . with llama , you can configure certain " areas " that trigger " events " when you enter them , or leave them , or are in them . you can also trigger events by time of day , or combine areas and times . a trigger can change the sound profile but also turn other services on or off - for instance , it could turn off wifi while you are neither home nor at work except during weekends .
you need to install tasker and then install profile 4 tasker which will allow you to manipulate your cm profiles via tasker .
another good app for changing the volume is  audio mode switcher . there you can do everything according to automatically switching the audio-profile in one app . you can define a weekly schedules to switch to a given profile . you can schedule multiple start and end times ( i.e. . when you go to sleep etc . ) . it also offers a calendar integration , where you can choose to switch to a certain mode at a defined event . these events can be chosen according to their calendar and/or keyword based - i think this is very useful i.e. i can mute the phone if the word " cinema " is in the title and mute at all events in my work-calendar . furthermore location-based switching is also possible .
see this post , it may help . how do you skip the pin to go directly to the camera from the lock screen ? ( i disclose i am the developper of the proposed solution )
what the manual does not say is : camera quick access = on ( might as well switch this off as it cant work out how to get by the pattern recognition for the camera to auto start ) what is does say is : settings -> scroll down to personal -> lock screen -> lock screen options -> scroll down to features -> camera quick access on camera quick access : while the screen is locked , and help upright tap and hold the screen , and then rotate the device to the landscape view to launch the camera ( when the camera shortcut is activated ) . see p . 152 of the samsung user manual from september 2012 jelly bean version .
did you take a look at owncloud and similar solutions ? not ( yet ? ) as comfortable as dropbox , but open source , runs on linux ( so you can stick with your linux-mount solution ) , and it has an android app . for a quick overview , you might want to first take a look at this wikipedia article . if that sounds interesting , next source to investigate might be e.g. how to set up your own private cloud storage service in five minutes with owncloud : )
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
how long have you used the feature ? on my gnex , it took roughly 2 work weeks for the feature to adapt to my work hours , which are 8:00-16:00 , so not that complicated . if you are working in shifts or by some other schedule , it might take longer for the feature to learn when to show which destination .
my first instinct is to say the partitions are messed up . i would try using the " shipped rom " from here and re-partitioning via odin . i found the . pit file here .
the reason you are getting that error is because your /datadata cache is filling up . the way i solved it on my phone was to get the marketfix app from the market , and run that . it is a small app , so you should not have any trouble downloading it . this probably does the same thing you found , but you only have to run it once .
always the way , innit ? 5 minutes after i ask , i stumble across this . it is not super elegant but its success is in its simplicity . simply replace the dedicated /cache partition with a link to the internal sd card , and bob 's your uncle . has to be repeated on reboot , so not perfect , but way better than not installing at all !
according to this page the original stats are this : input ( ac ) : 100-240v , 50/60hz output ( dc ) : 5v , 1.8a here 's an image : the newer charger is 9v and 1.8a .
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well – but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
you might want to take a look at systempanellite task manager . while the free version only allows live monitoring , the full version ( systempanel app / task manager ) features background monitoring . monitored data such will be recorded , and not lost on power-off . take a look at this screenshot : here you can clearly see what time the app was active , how much battery it consumed , if you actively used the device during that time ( or how much of the usage was done in background without you watching it ) , and more . have this app running and recording in the background for a while , and then check the recorded data -- this should let you figure out which app was responsible , and also what time the device powered off .
i am using battery widget reborn ( free beta version ) . among its useful features is a charge/discharge graph . you can use multitouch to expand or compress the graph , too . it'll show about when the battery went down to 0 .
you should install watchdog task manager lite . it will monitor all your apps and tell you which apps are consuming the most battery and why . for all your logging needs , install alogcat ( free ) - logcat .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
not in the general case , no . it is possible to send an intent to start an activity or service ( or broadcast an intent to receivers ) using the am tool from the android shell ( and therefore from a pc using adb shell ) . what you can do that way depends on what intent filters the app 's developer has chosen to offer , and in most apps it does not include actions like deleting individual data items . an alternative approach is the monkeyrunner tool . this is a testing tool , and it lets you write a python script to send input events ( and the like ) via adb to an app running on your device . however , because it is designed for testing your own app , it is very limited in what it can do . to send a touch event , you have to program in the exact x and y co-ordinates that you want to touch : it can not record input and play it back later , like a general macro tool .
so , as said , i had tried everything , refresh included , the international code for my number and all contacts numbers , everything . the problem was much more idiot : my friend finally told me that the number connected to whatsapp was the old one . as it was associated to the email , it was not letting the new number appear . something like that . i still do not understand how this is possible , i mean , somebody uses whatsapp with a number , then changes number but not email , and start sending messages through the new number , but does not appear with that number because the email is registered with the old number ? crazy . how can then this person send messages from the new number ? complicated . anyway . thanks : )
is it an international contact ? whatsapp sometimes does not add 00316-* numbers for me but it does add 06-* .
some options you could try : option 1 tap on icon and then go to Menu &gt; Refresh . option 2 tap on icon and then go to Menu &gt; Help . there are some instructions their which you can try and tap on Show invisible contacts . option 3 follow this article from whatsapp to try to troubleshoot : how do i add contacts to whatsapp ?
well you just need to edit the contact by adding + ( country code ) follow by the existing contact number .
mobile number should have+area code
if you use apex or nova launcher : they have an integrated " activity browser " . just long-press on an empty place of your homescreen , select to add an activity . activity selector in apex launcher ( click image for full size variant ) browse to the sound app , and see what activities it offers . as those " preset selectors " must be available as " screen " to interact with the user , they should have declared an activity ; with some luck they did so " publically " , and then its listed here . as you can see in above screenshot , there is not only the " descriptive name " displayed , but along with it the package name ( if it is the app entry , as the first one in the screenshot : " locmgrpd " = " com . android . logmgrpd" ) or the activity to call if it is an activity ( second and third entries , e.g. ) . once you found the matching activity , you can use that to call it from tasker .
take a look at network discovery -- it lists all devices within the same network , together with some details on them , as e.g. ip , mac address , available services : network discovery ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) other port scanners will do as well .
works in 2.3.6 i have 2.3.6 version ( galaxy y ) . i am not sure if this works in 2.3 alone but this answer could help others as this ( text forwarding ) is tricky in android which you will not find any menu options directly . even i had trouble forwarding initially but i found the actual answer from hedgeterimmer 's answer . long tap the message text ( message options menu appears ) scroll down the menu and look for forward option ( button ) and that is what you wanted
you could long-tap the message , select " copy message text " , then paste that into the input field of a thread with the new recipient .
the only solution i know of for the level of syncing you want to achieve is companionlink . it will sync contacts , calendar , tasks and notes between outlook and android , it will also cost you $49.95 .
apart from the grand old man of the syncing world that ryan 's pointed out above , there is also goats and touchdown as other notables . there is a fairly detailed table at http://www.syncdroid.net/ that illustrates and lists software designed to sync data to android devices .
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
i always buy batteries on ebay . " but that is not reputable at all , " you might say . indeed . however , i find that as long as you search for the specific part number ( e . g . bb99100 for the nexus one / desire battery ) and ensure the posting contains pictures and guarantees it is genuine , then you will be ok . ebay sellers avoid lying about that sort of thing because their reputation will quickly be damaged . also ensure the seller has a good feedback rating ( 97%+ ) . here 's the cheapest new battery from a very reliable-looking seller that i could find .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
you can specify quite a bit of logic in just the contexts . having a profile with multiple contexts would be the easiest way to accomplish this . remember that all contexts have to be met sequentially before the task ( s ) will fire . also , the wifi connected context will accept multiple ssids by using pattern matching . in this case a / equals logical or . try the following : profile : context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networka " , invert=yes context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networkb/networkc " task ( s ) : ringtone silence settings of your choice this means that the task ( s ) will fire if network a is not connected and network b or network c are connected . as soon either condition is lost the task will exit .
yes . they are called wireless emergency alerts , part of the emergency alerts system . there was a thing in california earlier this year over the first use of the system giving utterly irreverent information ( sending the alert to people hundreds of miles from the event ) , presumably due to poor implementation .
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
when your phone wont go to sleep , check for wakelock using apps . programs like " wakelock detector " will help you to do that . good luck ! reference : wakelock , wakelock detector
i have looked for that kind of app in all my installed apps but no photo viewer requests such permission . i really doubt there is a photo viewer that keeps your screen awake , because of battery drain ( which is not exactly what an average user would be looking for ) maybe what you should do instead is to search in google play for an app made specifically for keeping your screen awake , and use it with your favorite photo viewer . there are lots of them , and many are free , like this one ( keep screen on )
after a while trying , i try to check the ' accept all certification in step 7 , and it works .
i had the same auto startup loop zero battery problem after 6 months or so of flawless use . the tablet experienced zero battery . upon plugging in the asus , the power supply would start up , go to home screen , and display " shutting down " after 2 seconds . as it shut down , it would show a screen of " static noise " like an untuned analog tv . then , say two minutes or so later , it would repeat without any intervention , and ad infinitum . battery never goes over zero . there is a thread here that is also about the same issue . there is an albeit slightly hard to understand fix offered in the above thread , which started with " plug into pc " . i tried to follow steps without plugging into pc , as i could see no particular reason why this would make a difference , without joy . i then plugged into pc usb . large " battery charging " screen immediately displayed , and i am currently just letting it charge ( if it actually is ) . very odd flaw . i imagine as the batteries get a little older , this may become a common experience for many . i recommend checking the android central thread . i will be replying there with my results . _ just a quick update here ( i did put full process i undertook on the other thread though ) to say it all worked out well , and after leaving to charge from pc , the tablet finally started up normally again . phew . . .
i just had a quite similar problem with my galaxy nexus ( it did not go past the nexus x logo ) and it seems it is not possible to make a backup with a locked bootloader and without root ( at least not with android 4.2 ) . i thought ce4 's method could be a good try and so i unlocked the bootloader and then immediately booted clockwork recovery . next , using adb shell i transfered the whole userdata partition ( ~14gb ) and opening it in a hex editor i saw it is full of zero 's 00 . to be really sure i did a hexdump in adb shell and i saw the same ( should have done this first ) . it is been completely wiped . so unlocking the bootloader does do a full wipe of userdata and cache partitions and it is not possible to recover anything after that . doing a quick search i was not able to find the exact file in android source where it is implemented ( would be interesting . . . ) sometimes android is just too secure . i wish there would be way to backup data from fastboot ( or odin mode ) . with a locked bootloader it could even ask for a password or something . anyway after this my phone did boot again and everything is working . only my data has been lost forever . . . to everyone i suggest to unlock the bootloader as soon as you get your droid and also make backups regularly . . .
i know it is a late answer , but it might help out others . this might seem ridiculous , but this is what was causing the bootlooping on my nexus 7 . my tablet arrived from amazon , i took it out of the box , plugged it in to charge . battery icon didnt show a charge . started it up and it got to the google and the lock , then would restart over and over . so i did some reading and came across this fix . some how the tablet got " jostled " , in other words banged . the tape that holds the battery was not placed properly so it allowed the battery to shift ever so slightly causing the cable to pull apart from the connection . enough to make a bootloop . now the fix pull the back cover off , peel the tape back off the top of the battery , gently pull or twist the battery ( there is double-sided tape underneath it ) to realign it so the cable can be attached correctly . when finished put the tape back across the battery and close the case up . this is just one possible cause of bootlooping , the other answers will also work depending on circumstances .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
if you are talking about sim unlock , it is possible to re-lock it back to the network as was often the case with old nokia dumb-phones . however , i have not seen this in practice with most phones now-a-days . usually , once it is unlocked from the network , any sim card can go in place and use it . however , if you are talking about locking the boot-loader - then that is a different thing altogether , hence my comment above to ask for clarification . in this case , you can re-lock the boot-loader , depending on the manufacturer and the procedure used originally .
i use the app brain app on my phone , https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appspot.swisscodemonkeys.appsfeature=search_result you can choose which order to show installed apps ( name , date installed , size , storage location )
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
if you have installed a custom recovery ( clockwork or other ) you will not be able to install the ota update . you have to be stock rom , with stock recovery in order to install ota updates . i am assuming that you have rooted and installed a custom recovery since you listed rom-manager as a tag . if you want the update you will first have to get back to stock recovery and rom . your best bet at this point is to install a custom rom that was built from the latest update . that should stop verizon pushing the update to your device .
i have had this problem with previous ota updates on my htc . the problem i ran into is that my phone did not have enough " space " for the update to actually install gracefully . the bigger problem is that there are many different places the phone can run out of " space " . i ended up booting into the recovery to wipe the cache partition ( for some details see &quot ; low on space&quot ; warning with over 50% free ) . i also ended up wiping the app cache and data on a number of apps ( including the launcher -- lost all my icons , gmail , maps , etc ) to reduce " space " used until the update installed . i do not recall what exactly pushed the install over the edge and made it go , but it was painful enough that i am not bothering with the latest update ( its just a point release , despite the version number they are showing you its not an ics update ) .
logmein ignition may work for what you want to do . it really remote controls the pc but to truly run a pc app it would have to be on a pc .
if you are a developer , you can install apps directly from your pc by accessing and enabling : Settings \u2192 Applications \u2192 Development \u2192 USB Debugging option. 
do not know if you found an answer or not but here is what i did . it requires desktop visualizer . open chrome on your mobile device and search for " google now add reminder " . this will initiate a reminder card through through chrome . in chrome menu select " share . . . " then select " dvr save to clipboard " . then create the shortcut on your home screen using the desktop visualizer app . found an easier way . . . lol . . . bookmark it and add a shortcut to your home screen .
there is the activity Google Search &gt; com.google.android.voicesearch.fragments.reminders.EditReminderActivity which does exactly what you want .
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
after searching the internet for similar issues , i did the following : i unplugged my phone from the usb cable . on the home screen , i pressed the bottom left settings button and chose settings . i selected " . . . more " . i pressed " developer options " in the list below . i turned on the developer options at the top . under the debugging section , i checked " usb debugging " . i reinstalled samsung kies . i started kies . after kies started , i plugged in my phone to the usb cable . after connecting my phone with kies running , the windows update form appeared and a new entry was in the list . after the driver installation , everything worked . i do not even have to run kies first before connecting my phone to get windows 7 to recognize it . it just works . i do not know exactly what series of events caused this to start working , but now i can actually copy stuff to and from my phone . ( yay ! )
when you connect your galaxy s4 to the pc via usb , open the notification center and you will see a message that says something like Connected to USB. Click for more options . click it , and then select View as camera . after that you , should be able to copy files from the pc to your phone .
yes you will get your memory back . during the reboot process , android will have to optimize all apps , so this will take some time . about 15 min . to 60 min . for this to complete , that all depends on how many apps you have . make sure you device is fully charged . you also can manually edit the file with runtime values , which is located : /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib libart . so and libdvm . so are the values . command : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib ' or adb shell setprop persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib libdvm . so
these are both notifications . to change them or even just find out what they are notifying you about go to settings > my device > sound you can change the " default notification sound " ( even choosing silent , but then you will not get any notification sounds ) and a little bit lower on the menu you can set distinct defaults for specific samsung apps . there are many apps that allow you to choose different notifications sounds ( other than the default that you chose above ) , but those have to be changed in the apps themselves . do you notice any new information in the notification area ( by swiping down from the top of the screen ) when you hear these alerts ?
i had this problem , too . found a good answer , finally , here : http://www.galaxys4forums.net/forum/12-galaxy-s4-help/3671-problems-after-4-3-update-2.html it is a matter of settings for the wifi network you are connecting to .
is it only google services or all https sites ? in any case , make sure the clock , date , and time zone is set correctly on the device .
there are known issues with certain sd cards causing some read/write errors which prevent your phone from entering the deep sleep state . this causes your phone to drain battery fairly quickly as compared to a phone which goes into deep sleep when not in use . you should update your phone as certain kernels have also been known to fix battery drain issues . if it does not help , consider changing to another sd card from another manufacturer .
solved : http://www.movilesdualsim.com/threads/rom-drx-v0-4-jb-4-2-1-feiteng-h9500-star-n9500.32072/ that is spanish page , i do not know spanish , i never translated it completely . there is one line where it points out that there are some problems with loader and recovery so they made modification . i applyed modification " actualización rom base " . . . uploaded drx4 and it worked like charm . thank you for your time .
the files and folder you see via usb ( or to be specific through the usb mtp protocol ) can be different from the files and folder that are really in the sdcard section on your device . in my case a lot of files and folders in the sdcard section were invisible via usb . after executing the app rescan sd card the files and folders visible via usb were exactly the one that exist on my sdcard section .
in the links you provided in your question , are the devices that are required . they have that feature built into the hardware .
great answers are posted already . if your device is rooted , you can look for a custom rom such as cyanogenmod , aosp rom etc . these roms do not have google apps by default . you have to flash them separately . if available , you can install a custom rom compatible with your device , then install a micro gapps package ( also known as minimal google apps ) . the micro gapps package basically just include play store and core services without all the extras such as hangout , google+ , maps , etc . a good resource for custom rom is xda forums .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day – as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account – so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
as always do a backup of your device before removing anything if you do not understand something that is stated please ask , before continuing 1 ) go into settings and turn off all syncs . goto settings/apps/ locate the google apps you do not want running . clear data and disable each , one at a time . [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init , try those and if not working properly re-enable ] or 2 ) assuming you are rooted : you can manually uninstall most of the google apps . if you know which ones to remove ! ! ! [ leave playstore , play services , services framework , and accounts manager intact ; i am not sure about partner setup and one time init ] . i use /system/app-mover [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmoverhl=en ] to switch apps from system to user space , then delete from there . or 3 ) assuming you are rooted : the easiest way of slimming down on the google apps would be to flash a minimal gapps to your device , that have the core requirements necessary for your apps from playstore to function properly . you can add-on any of the other features after that as needed . like i stated at the top , make sure you make a backup/nandroid so any issues can be easily corrected . good luck
it is a bug in the android build as near as we can figure . if your device is rooted there is a workaround otherwise have fun charging your tablet every single night . check out this google groups thread about it . on my galaxy s4 i stopped the service and everything still worked . however i found that after disabling wifi , i was unable to enable it again until i rebooted , even after restarting the service . obviously this is not the case with the nexus 7 2013 , but that does confirm that it is " modem " related . however i have found several other threads online that reference this service as having to do with external sd cards ( in some rom development threads ) but i do know that with it stopped my s4 was not able to toggle the wifi state anymore .
the total of all the usage should always approximate 100% . that android ( the core ) is responsible for 79% of the entire drain is not anything to worry about , it just says that not much else was drawing power .
you can install the diskusage app toy our phone to see what is consuming the most disk usage and if you can free it up . it is a free app , and is only 155kb in size . i would also recommend es file manager , but it is a few mb in size . but it allows you to view all the directories on your sd card . finally , get dropbox or google+ , they will backup your photos over wifi , so you can delete them from your phone to save space .
you should just be able to swap the sd cards yes and all of the data will be fine , as for changing the number try just moving her sim card over to your old phone , if the phone 's not locked to a network then it should just work .
open up http://www.google.com/contacts and perform a search for the person you want to merge . tick both contacts , click " add to my contacts " and the google+ contact will have a copy of itself made from " other contacts " to " my contacts " , then click more -> merge
yes , you can use a usb game controller without root and without needing any prior setup . just plug it in and android will recognise it . by default , the d-pad on the controller will work like a d-pad or trackball on the device itself ( if you remember when android phones used to have little trackballs built in ) , and it will allow you to move focus between controls in most apps . stock apps are completely accessible using the controller without the touch screen , but not all third-party apps are . many games ( especially emulators for games consoles ) support using a bluetooth or usb game controller , but not all games do . the idea of apps like the one you mention is to make button presses on the game controller trigger touch screen events , so if you play a game that has on-screen controls but does not support controllers , the controller will trigger the game 's on-screen controls . generally you will get a better playing experience , as well as easy setup , by choosing a game that supports game controllers . if you just plug the controller in , it'll work in any supported apps and games right away . games with controller support usually advertise it in the description on the store , but if you are not sure you can ask the developer through their support email address .
as dan asked : what do the new icons look like ? what is your question ? i have had the same problem for the year i have had a lg-p925 . the only way to resolve this is to reboot the phone . since i rooted my phone , i go the app quick boot and put a widget button on my screen to reboot it . you will also realize that if you leave the wifi turned on and it does not connect , it might continue to keep your phone alive and drain the battery faster . i have used betterbatterystats app ( free on xda developers site ) to find out that it was not an app draining my battery , but the fact it fails to connect to the wifi because of this issue . i suggest rooting the phone and installing quickboot and put a widget to reboot it . this happens to me once every other day . i hope it helps you !
as eldarerathis already said in his comment , this very much depends on how the ota is performed . first , some otas might even fail to execute , as rooting modified the /system partition and they check the crc sum which then no longer matches ( i had that with my htc wildfire/buzz more than a year ago ) . if they do not care about crc , the answer still is " yes and no": some otas are just " incremental " ( replacing/adding single files ) ; those would not touch your root-apps , and root would be retained . however , full updates ( and this includes most " version bumps " , e.g. from android 2.2 to 2.3 to 4.0 ) are completely " replacing " the /system partition ; in this case root is gone along with all the other system apps .
if you are ok with restoring your phone to factory settings , then i would try that . note that you will lose all internal data on the phone . your apps , contacts , mail , calendar , etc . will sync back from the cloud . everything on your sd card will be fine . but any application data and settings stored on the internal memory will be lost . see here for more information on how to reset your sanyo zio
do a factory reset ( here are instructions ) . grab the update from here ( dead link ) and re-flash it . you may need to put it in the /sdcard folder and name it update . zip , or use fastboot through adb ( you need to install the android sdk on your pc ) .
i did some tests , and turns out that the contacts are grayed when your phone 's app is not able to communicate with google talk servers . this is also the behavior when using google talk on other systems , or even from google web pages , like google+ . you did not noticed this before , most likely because you never had a communication issue with their server , witch is good . i have my grayed contacts all the time : (
i will consider not possible to tell phoenixsuit resize android partitions . so i will give up .
you must say yes when phoenixsuite ask if you want to format the flash , else it do not change the partition size , even if you changed the sys_partition . fex .
asc is an app that allow you to record your screen without root , but only for non-tegra devices . i never tested because my galaxy nexus is not supported .
the best and the most simple way and the more beautiful , how to capture/record android screen without root http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k2udfp4ln8feature=youtu.be
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
well , the reason screencast and similar apps require root permission is that the video data has to be accessed using the administrative privileges ( i.e. . roots access ) but you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . this is the only option which is available to given you have no root access .
that depends . if you are allowed to divert incoming calls and messages to another number , you can divert them to a number that is disconnected and you will still have the data connection on your phone .
simply impossible . mobile network is gsm . gprs , edge , umts or lte , which are different standards for providing packet-based internet connections , are all expansion of the gsm standard and , as such , require a gsm signal .
stabilitytest is a stress-testing tool for android devices with error reporting .
you can use ip webcam , or perhaps use dlna . for example samsung devices come with an app called allshare which can share and access dlna enabled devices on the network . i think ip webcam is your best bet , though . you should be able to open the stream it creates using mx video player or something like that . source : stackexchange-url
if you do not need the recording and playback functionality in your app , using off-the-shelf streaming app and player is a reasonable choice . if you do need them to be in your app , however , you will have to look into mediarecorder api ( for the server/camera app ) and mediaplayer ( for client/player app ) . quick sample code for the server : on the player side it is a bit tricky , you could try this : unfortunately mediaplayer tends to not like this , so you have a couple of options : either ( a ) save data from socket to file and ( after you have a bit of data ) play with mediaplayer from file , or ( b ) make a tiny http proxy that runs locally and can accept mediaplayer 's get request , reply with http headers , and then copy data from the remote server to it . for ( a ) you would create the mediaplayer with a file path or file url , for ( b ) give it a http url pointing to your proxy . see also : stackexchange-url stackexchange-url
( converted from a comment to an answer ) this might be a file-system problem . i once got an overfull yaffs2 files system on /data to get frozen and was not able to delete/move/update anything . by executing ' dmesg ' in a terminal or via adb you could clearly see it , was full of yaffs panic msgs . formatting was the only option ( aka . factory reset ) .
you need to unlock the bootloader to flash a custom recovery . search over at xda to see how and to choose the best custom recovery for your device . some popular ones are twrp and cwm .
no , it does not require root . although we talk about rooting the device , all you are actually doing is getting root access within the android os . flashing a new rom or recovery happens before android is running - it is a lower-level part of the firmware - so you can do it regardless of how android is set up or what permissions you have within android .
connect your device with a usb cable , activate usb debugging issue : $ adb shell input keyevent 82 alternative geeky answer , let 's say .
since android 4 , devices no longer need to have hardware soft buttons for menu , back , home etc . they are now part of the screen , provided by the os . the menu button has now been replaced by 3 dots in the top corner of the program - if these 3 dots on top of each other are not visible , then the app has not been updated for ics+ , and you will not be able to access the menu items ( unless you are rooted ) . if you are rooted , you can download the button savior app that will overlay buttons onto the screen - you can set one to the menu button , to then access the apps menu . here is a screenshot of the button you have to press to access the app menu : ( see the thing in the yellow square )
if you are saving music files to sd card , it may be the problem of the sd card . change the sd card and try . good luck .
increase your Audio Buffer size . i use playerpro music player with its dsp pack . dsp pack allows me to adjust audio buffer size . i never needed to use this feature , but it will help you . you can also find other music players to support this feature . the key is Audio Buffer . alternatively , you can reduce music quality as well as system load .
try turning off any applications or hardware that uses a lot of the phone 's resources . turn off gps , wifi , network service , and dim the backlight . also shut down any other running applications than the ones you need for playing music . if this still does not work your device may not have enough memory .
you could try clearing the cache of the fb app and have it re-load everything from scratch .
i think this is just the facebook app being buggy , i have had the same problem . try doing a sync . i believe only the notifications are pushed , and not the actual new data , so you need to sync to grab the new messages .
given android phones just run as usb drive mode for syncing : just for music : doubletwist media monkey all media : winamp * will also sync outlook contacts , files etc . missing sync for android * *syncs over wi-fi
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
to restore a nandroid backup , the device cannot be in " normal operation mode " . you have to boot into your ( custom ) recovery ( see our tag-wikis on : recovery-mode / clockworkmod / twrp ) , from where you can trigger a full restore . with clockworkmod recovery , it is e.g. found in the backup and restore sub-menu . stock recoveries do not offer taking/restoring nandroid backups . but as you were able to create one , it is pretty safe to assume you have also got a custom recovery installed to your device .
looks like this is a bug caused by agenda view and multi-day calendar entries . if you have one that includes the current day , calendar opens to the first day of that entry . fortunately , i think the bug is fixed upstream : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=21605 simplest workaround is to delete the multi-day entry . :/
install astro file manager . long tap homescreen and choose Shortcuts . then , choose Astro from list . using it , you can create shortcut of any file on homescreen . bundle these shortcuts in a homescreen folder using your default launcher . i use in-built folder feature of adw launcher ex ( my default home launcher ) . if your default launcher does not have folder feature , you can install folder organizer . using it , you can create folder widget on homescreen . you can put shortcuts in this widget and astro will help here again as in step 2 .
both approaches are possible . in fact , you do not need an app " b " as most android launchers has folders . most android launchers does not allow you to create a home screen shortcut to a file or folder ; however many popular file manager do allows you to do so . with regards to creating shortcuts in the filesystem , android is based on linux , and linux have symbolic links , which is like windows ' . lnk shortcut , only much better implemented . another , much better option is a single app that is specifically designed for your particular use case . try " estrongs file manager " with its plugin " estrongs bookmark manager " . both are free and can be found on the market .
they are the apps that comes with most of the phones . they must be installed in /system/app partition . you can not uninstall them without root . that is why no " uninstall " button . the street view works with google maps , you can not open it directly . that is why no " open " button . i do not have answer for why your system apps are not being able to update .
i have had the same problem with the new market app a couple times now , the only solution i have found is to clear the market data in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Market -&gt; Clear data ( and Clear cache if it is not already 0.00b ) . now after you reopen market , it should show the correct updates .
we had similar issues in our office router which had expired security certificate resulting in denial of https urls . when we updated our certificate this issue was solved . i guess your issue should be similar . i stumbled on a web page that claims the solution . but looking at the solution i very much doubt its worth .
for syncing music to your device i use songbird and find it throughly good , and a great itunes alternative . i would suggest you run songbird , then let it find all your music files , take the original files off your samsung , and then sync sonbird with the galaxy device . good luck ! builds can be found here
the easiest way to do this is install winamp on both your computer and your phone . it is a free software and app , so no purchase is necessary . this will do exactly what itunes does with i* devices . winamp will discover your phone on your computer and allow you to literally drag and drop your music files to your phone within winamp . it also imports all your songs from your itunes music folder , so it is a very simple process . it even updates the library if the itunes music folder is updated ( songs are deleted or added ) .
just move your mp3 files to the media folder on the phone and music players will see them . you will also be able to assign the files to the contacts from your address book as personal ringtones .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
remount sd card or even restart will also work or just browse using any file manager type of apps and play using music app . . .
yes , you will be able to use the logitech revue google tv unit without the set-top box . i am doing this with the sony blueray player w/gtv . during the set-up process simply skip the section for setting up the tv provider and you should be all set . here is a youtube video of a revue functioning without a cable or satellite stb .
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
if the underlying baseband does not support 850 mhz it is not going to work . also , if you have a very old sim it probably is not going to work . i believe the software can also prevent you to change the preference . maybe upgrade your baseband ( radio ) after rooting your phone . maybe a factory upgrade will also do the trick , but i am not sure . see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2794087 to root and be able to flash roms . personally , i would try for a refund or return , try to let the store fix this issue . 3g is on the carton after all ?
if the dustbin animation is shown the voice note probably is deleted . or you can check all the saved voice notes on the sd card . the path is Whatsapp/Media/Whatsapp Voice
how the webpage is displayed depends on your choice of brower and your settings . chrome on my devices by default displays webpages by width in desktop mode , so i see the same content horizontally on my phone and nexus 7 . but i would say the web browsing experience on nexus 7 is much better than on a phone due to the large screen , you can definitely see more on the nexus 7 ( vertically ) . source : i have an original note ( larger screen than nexus 4 ) and nexus 7 .
easy way : wipe your phone and try again from fresh stock . but only do this if in [ adb shell ] you can execute " su " successfully .
yes , this was possible on android 2.2 owing to an error in android . on versions with the bug , if you receive an sms ( or mms ) message while composing another , the message being composed has its recipient replaced with the sender of the message you received . it was fixed in gingerbread , as well as with an update to froyo , but not all manufacturers or carriers may have passed the fix onto end users .
the only thing you can do is to maybe put a " gel case " on the device . that should make it less sensitive to presses . the only other option would to modify the source code of the android core .
try clearing all notifications . there is a button , my phone is in spanish but i guess in english it should say " clear " or " remove all " something like that .
short : yes . you can send your photos as email attachments and delete them from your phone . it will free up your phone memory . but there are other options which are better than this . you can use cloud storage facilities to back-up your data and access them anytime and anywhere you want . more details about widely used cloud services can be found in this answer .
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
i am using samsung galaxy note , ics 4.0.3 . there is a decrypt option . go to settings - security - encryption , theres a " decrypt device " and " decrypt sd card " option . after you select " decrypt sd card " , just uncheck all the boxes on the next screen ( see screenshot below ) .
i sent this question into verizon wireless as well . here is their reply : thank you for contacting verizon wireless through our website . . . i understand that you have been having an issue trying to decrypt files on your handset . at this time motorola has not provided an update for your phone to be able to do this . without that , we are unable to assist you because this is a phone issue and not a network issue . so it looks like ryan was correct in his comment that this is an issue with a motorola os add-on , not vanilla android . since originally asking my question , i experimented some more with my phone . my phone has 2 check-boxes for setting encryption : one to encrypt the sd card ( that i mentioned in my original question ) and one to encrypt the main phone memory . when i unchecked both boxes , my phone decrypted all files , both on the phone and on the sd card . so , that is my solution for now . thank you ryan for your comments -- they helped lead me to this answer .
i encrypted a file and the whole day i needed to search on the internet for how to decrypt it but i found something that helped me , icare data recovery and i recovered the encrypted file i did not decrypted it and now i have it again but it still is encrypted somewhere on my phone so you can recover all the files with that program save them on the pc , format the sd card and you are done : )
http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-replace-and-customize-android-lock-screen-guide/ - http://www.vikitech.com/6075/best-android-lock-screen-apps essentially , if there is not an option in your security settings , you will need to replace your lock screen .
apparently i was closing out of the install app too early . when you install swype ( the actual app , not the installer ) , and press done , you must wait about 2 to 4 seconds for a dialog box to appear to " enable swype " . do not press back ( and then try to enable swype via the keyboards in settings ) because it will not work ! swype has to show this dialog box in order to create a license file . more info here .
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
no , you cannot edit the host file without root privileges . but , if you have access to the internet connection on which your kindle in connecting , you can modify dns entries there . your kindle first looks at its host file , then asks the dns server to resolve a hostname . provided you have admin privileges somewhere in the chain , you can insert your own record ; since you do not have admin access on the localhost ( kindle ) , you go further up the chain to a link where you do have admin rights . if you are going over cell data or are on a wifi network that you do not own , you could instead set up a vpn to a network to which you do have full rights . then set up whatever dns records you want ( in the hosts file of the vpn server , or some other method ) . when connected to a vpn , your device should query the dns server over vpn , thus giving you control once more .
you can use chrome to phone and copy the character from the a web page and send it to the clipboard on the phone . then you just paste .
try activating the numeric keys ( i believe this is done by tapping on the "12#" key to the right of the spacebar ) , then hit the shift ( or &uarr ; ) and that should bring up some alt . symbol keys .
hopefully it is the same as on the evo : how to type a pipe "|" on an htc evo android 2.2 edit : looks like they may have used the wrong ascii / utf-8 code for the pipe , so it looks the same/similar but is not actually the right character . ( reference : verizon forums ) i suggest replacing the keyboard then . xda has a 2.3 keyboard that should work , it requires root and rom manager to flash it .
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
another good choice : you could e.g. install ( and use ) hacker 's keyboard , which has special connectbot support even for function keys etc . : this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . see e.g. the following screenshot , and have a closer look at the "\" key : another screenshot is quite self-explaining : so no need to freak around with copy/pasting from web pages , entering cryptic codes , or the like . simply use the right keyboard , relax , and enjoy : )
the wikipedia page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vertical_bar has a nice , big pipe symbol right near the top , easy for copy and paste . bookmark that page .
probably damian gave you the best answer . an alternative i could suggest is , if you have rooted your phone , consider trying miui rom cause the new version ( 1.6 ) has the a theming lockscreen with already dozens of available themes and tweaks . maybe you find what your looking for there .
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
maybe this application will help you ; http://www.appbrain.com/app/executive-assistant/com.appventive.execassist it is pretty expensive but looks pretty powerful .
i had the same problem . i needed to clear all the data from the app so it would need to re-sync everything again . seemed to fix the problem for me after that .
try opening the gmail app , go to settings ( click the three vertical dots in the top right ) , click on your email account and select " default inbox " as your inbox type . i expect this is happening because you have got " priority inbox " set as your default and this does not show all your messages .
there are slightly different opinions around on this topic . to fully understand the issue , one needs to first understand how liio batteries work ( which goes a little too far for our site , so please read details on wikipedia ) . lie ryan is absolutely right : liio batteries do not take it well to be fully discharged . it should not be done too often . i am not sure what a double-take should improve here . usually there is no need to do that " explicitly " . if you think of how often you end up with an empty batterie ( as it does not last long enough ) , calibration is already done as a side-effect ( if you then fully charge ) . it is widely agreed that it should not be done more often than once in 60 . . 90 days , so logas might have mistaken the term . see previous point : ) i never saw reason to calibrate any of my devices ' battery , though . it certainly cannot hurt to do it with the device turned off , as then it is not being charged and discharged at the same time . i doubt it is really necessary , but it does no harm : )
you can try another way : wireless connection via wifi . some apps such as airdroid , web pc suite can help you transfer files by wifi . connect the two devices by scanning a qr code , then you can send files between the two devices easily .
getting the proper adb version and also using linux instead of windows and screwing with the usb debug feature until a proper rsa key exchange finally occurred . the combination of the 3 corrected the issue . . . . .
ok , here 's a start at a list ( does not have to be definitive ) : the gotab gbt740r 7" android 4 ice cream sandwich tablet , costing just 100 pounds or less in uk ! this device has a full size usb female socket to support usb otg / usb host . a friend owns one , his usb memory sticks work in this - we can browse to the usb stick contents using astro file manager app on the tablet . @philip sheard 's ( yet unknown ) " cheapo tablet just £70" - see his answer ( care to enlighten us at to the make and model , philip ? may be it is the same as the one i mention ? or not ? ) update : acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem ) . thanks @michael kohne for your answer . i will try to update as i find more . . . ( feel free to contribute )
acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem )
i bought a cheapo 7" tablet for just £70 , and that has usb host . it is also 2.0 , so it is very fast . as a developer i am very excited about the future of usb host , and i plan to support it in my own app .
i ended up doing this : transform the data from . csv to . osm download and run osmandmapcreator in osmandmapcreator , let only " build poi index " checked , then click file > build . obf from osm file . . . select the . osm file distribute the resulting . obf file . users can easily use it with osmand .
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
you always can install button savior on rooted roms ( however i am not aware if it has compatibility problems with some ) . it worths a try , because it is free ( but also has a pro version to purchase ) . it allows you to add hardware keys of your phone as virtual software keys on any location of the screen . so you can easily trigger home or back keys just by touching their icons on screen , even on full-screen apps and games .
i had the same problem , but i saw the exact moment it happened , a message appeared saying " switching to full screen mode " . then i could not switch it off . i deleted all data in chrome , and the problem was fixed . there was no need to uninstall the app , just cleaned the data using the android built-in application manager . it seems some website included code that caused this , and the chrome for android simply does not have the settings to revert this . hope this helps .
the short answer is no . if you feel that this should be a feature then please file a bug on crbug.com/new and let me know . it should have no effect on scrolling as it keeps all the settings and state exactly the same , if you are seeing problems with scrolling such as events not firing then that is due to the way the compositor works . the reason why not is that this is a feature on all mobile platforms and we have parity with their way of providing the user with more vertical real estate .
i found that if you go to chrome://flags and click " reset all to default " that it will return your status bar . i was not able to find any other ways to do that .
exactly the same thing just happened to me . restarting the phone put it back to normal .
here is a shell function to check for loop support without creating a loop device . it should even work as non-root . note there exist losetup versions with different behavior of -f . sometimes they would automatically load loop module if needed and possible . and some versions would even directly return 1 if no loop support available . others just print "/dev/loop0" although there is no such device . the function above tries to be safe for all known cases . note that you may still need to load the loop module to have usable loop devices available . if you are root you could also run a real " modprobe loop " before losetup to be sure .
you can use the following command at the terminal : export  and search for : LOOP_MOUNTPOINT  if there is a loop_mounpoint , probably you can mount loop devices . updated how to test ? download a freedos image ( http://www.freedos.org/ ) 40mb iso . make a loop device association : losetup /dev/block/loop4 fd11src.iso  mount a iso device mkdir freedos_img mount -t iso9660 -o ro /dev/block/loop4 freedos_img  and there is this the mounted iso at freedos_img
just came across this . i was having the same issue . you could just do zcat /proc/config.gz | grep CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP from a terminal emulator . if you get a y , you are good to go .
you can verify by checking /proc/config.gz and search through it looking for the configure option - CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=y . to do that you need to do it this way : cp /proc/config.gz /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  and adb pull /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  unzip the kernel_config . gz and open it up in a notepad or text editor and search it . if its either # CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP is not set or CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=n all bets are off .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
try the proposed solutions in this post . in short , one of these may trigger media scan : send a broadcast intent action_media_mounted . note that it is possible to send an intent via ./adb shell am . run the rescan media app renaming a file taking a photo through the camera app remounting sd card rebooting
while other answers have given nice workarounds for this issue , most of them seem to not work properly in ics . the only sure method of deleting all pictures was as such : delete all files in dcim folder clear data for gallery clear data for media storage kill both gallery and android . process . media i have attempted to get these into a script , the issue is with 3 - as media storage does not give it is process name , and as such i can not clear data through ' adb shell pm clear processname ' for it .
try http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html for me works like a charm , i have fingerbread 2.3.5
you can use mouse using usb female cable i can use this cable to control my huawei assend d then you can remove the lock to avoid interruption
requirements your phone must be rooted you need a usb cable you need a pc usb debugging must be enabled android sdk or at least adb must be installed on the pc you need to be familiar with command prompts/terminals tutorial connect your phone to the pc open up a command prompt to connect the phone terminal , run adb shell to emulate a power button ( to power on the device ) , run input keyevent 26 to unlock the screen , run input keyevent 82 your phone now is unlocked ! notes this did not work for me but it is confirmed to work with others references to see a list of useful adb commands , visit this site advices install a vnc server on the phone such as this one , and install a client on a pc such as this one , and connect the pc to the phone and then you can use the phone on the pc directly
you can use a usb cable and buy a usb mouse so that you can use that [ a mouse ] instead of touch screen . check out a usb adapter for android that fits your budget [ and make sure it is compatible with your device ] and purchase it .
you say you have set it up as you being the main owner , maybe that is what is confusing it , can you buy top-up cards , so that your daughter can pay in her name instead , and try doing a restore back to factory settings , and then downloading the games . lori
uninstall setcpu and adfree if you do not want to use them . beyond that , you should do a factory reset to erase your data and apps -- if the rom/os is vanilla , then that should be the only thing different from how your phone came in the box .
i would probably try something like tubemate . it does not do exactly what you want it to ( cache the videos ) , but it allows you to click to download , and saves them in an easy to access location within the app . you could think of it as manually caching them ; )
playtube is a software which does the thing you want
google 's youtube app has an option to preload videos that are either in a channel you are subscribed to or that are in your " watch later " list . i have not tested this but i think it will keep a video that you have preloaded cached for a while after you watched it for the first time .
i would think , that videos are not cached because of memory constraints on mobile devices . software developers have to design and implement software that works for the great majority of users . perhaps adding an intelligent ( device agnostic ) cache function is not on the top of functionality they want to implement right now .
this link is a discussion of this issue on the android open handset alliance project site . users on this page talk about the problem in detail and discuss some possible solutions . i would recommend you star this issue . if the enhancement is implemented or there is a status change you will be notified and can try again on your phone .
the gmail app does not support downloading attachments . it does support viewing a limited amount of mimetypes . if you want to download the zip file , you will need to go to gmail . com using the browser on the phone and download it from there . another alternative is to use another android email client . k-9 mail works well with gmail accounts and can both download attachment to the sd card as well as open them from the mail itself .
here is the google play link for google voice , if that is what you have been looking for . total offline answering machine functionality is not possible due to androids technical barriers . see this thread on xda . you can use apps like youmail visual voicemail which sounds promising . if not , you can easily find many alternatives after a quick search on google play .
you can remove wifi networks under settings -> wireless -> wifi -> long press on unwanted network -> remove . some apps like the automatic hotspot login from the german " deutsche telekom " are adding ssids to the list of known networks . if you remove such an app , the network is maybe not automatically removed .
android will not connect to a wifi access point without you specifying that you want to and saving it . under settings , wifi , long-press on the names of any access points you do not want to connect to and choose " forget network " .
what i ended up doing was selecting the " upload all " option under the google+ settings for instant upload . this uploaded some photos that had not already been uploaded and seems to have kick-started the process .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
astro file manager ( like es file explorer ) also has support for dropbox and allows you to download folders . for a dedicated app , there is folder downloader for dropbox which works just with your dropbox account .
( i do not use the dropbox app on android ; does it not keep local copies ? ) dropsync keeps specified android folders synced with specified dropbox folders . no need to export ; it is ( almost ) always there . ' almost ' as in : the changes i make on android get uploaded right away ; changes made to dropbox files by some other device get downloaded at the next scheduled ( or manually initiated ) sync . the only time i ever need to think about it is when i have two devices open and i am working with both of them .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
i think you will find that is normal . i wondered about it at first too . . if you lock your phone by pressing the power button , your phone is locked , but not secure . because you have only just been using your phone , if you unlock it immediately by re-pressing the power button and pulling down the clock , you will not have to enter your pincode or pattern , because it is highly unlikely to have been stolen in the past 30 seconds . however if you lock your phone via the power button ( or if it times out by itself ) and then you leave it for a few minutes then the next time you drag down the clock to unlock it , you will also have to enter your pincode or pattern , to verify that it is you . if you want your phone to ask for your pincode every time , straight away , go to : " settings " > " security " > " lock phone after " > and select , " immediately " . i have mine set to 3 minutes for convenience . hope this helps . .
the recent applications list show only what applications have been recently used , it does not check whether they are still running or using memory/cpu . therefore , this list does not affect battery use one way or the other . instead , you might want to check Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; [swipe to the right] to show running applications , processes and services . here you can see the apps that are using your device and consuming battery , and kill unnecessary processes by tapping the app and then Stop .
this was my mistake . i had the proxy server configured incorrectly . packet forwarding was not turned on so no traffic other than the intercepted port 80 and 443 traffic could reach the internet . since google uses ports in the 5000s to determine connectivity and those ports were essentially blocked no internet connectivity could be determined .
right , the best you can do is download this app called ' aspotcat ' from the google play store . this will iterate through your listing of apps installed on your device . to carry out the task - tap on ' aspotcat ' that is the app that was downloaded from the google play store . tap on ' list apps by permission ' tap on ' system tools ' , this will expand , and there will be a button called ' details ' , tap that . scroll down to see ' disable keyguard ' , tap on the arrow beside it , and it will expand itself , in there , you will see apps that have the permission to do so . this will help you track it down and there should be an app listed in there responsible for disabling the keyguard , uninstall it and fingers crossed it will resolve it !
its called " set up screen lock " . you can find it under settings -> security -> set up screen lock you will want to change it to slide .
same issue for me . solved removing last " maps " app update . found it using " aspotcat " , like t0mm13b said .
this function is also referred to as the " keyguard . " most of the phones that i have had do not allow you to toggle this on and off in the settings . clearly something , possibly another app , toggled this off . i use tasker to manipulate this setting . you may need to be rooted to do this but you can enable or disable they keyguard manually or programatically . there are also third party apps for toggling the keyguard . they are usually advertised as ways to disable the keyguard but they slice both ways . depending on what disabled your keyguard in the first place , you may only need to use this solution once .
i am not fully sure if this is what you want , but you might want to enable the setting " power button instantly locks " setting in the security section of the preferences . ( that is where it is in ics , i assume name and location are similar in gingerbread . )
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
try somee appz like power amp , pro player for equalizer setting
go launcher ex looks like you can turn that on , at least for some apps . related is the next notification plugin for next launcher 3d .
i just deleted it . . . it seems to be a bug with cyanogenmod . will update if there are any problems . deletion was done through the terminal app . you type su to give it super user permissions , then you go to the path and use a linux command to delete the files .
it will not show if gapps are not installed on the tablet ( some more obscure brands do not come with gapps ) . if gapps are installed , then try and enter it incorrectly 20+ times . this will lock you out . you will only see the enter google details screen if the device has gapps ( google play , gmail etc ) .
according to the samsung site it was a bug that is now fixed and due to be released in the next firmware update ( whenever that might be ) .
i have experienced the same with my 32gb sandisk micro sd card 10 class using in the galaxy tab 2 . the sd card is genuine so i know that is not the issue . however , i have found this to work for me . format the card on your pc or mac , to ntfs file system . download paragon ntfs / hfs apk app for your android device without any ntfs app for the android , the android will not recognise the inserted sd card format as the android only recognises fat file system put the micro sd card into the device and restart the device ( if the card icon shows in the notification bar , bottom right , ignore ) goto and open on android paragon ntfs / hfs tool apk and check disk / format using the android app restart device again , with sd card inserted , leave card inserted and connect android device to pc , the external disk should now be available formatted to ntfs the card should auto mount via the paragon ntfs app when the device is turned on . i have tried every method possible to have the sd card in the fat 32 , but it just does not last , folder names change , files disappear .
you have no other solution but to buy another one . you are welcome . ; )
i updated my s3 from android 4.1.2 ( stock samsung rom ) to 4.3 a couple of days ago . the problem had happened consistently for me for a year and a half , exactly as described above , in two 4.0 . x ( ics ) versions as well as in jelly bean 4.1 , but in 4.3 it appears to finally been fixed : after the update i copied many files with unicode hebrew names to my microsd card , and they have survived numerous unmount/remounts of the card and phone restarts with no issues . incidentally , another issue i had been encountering was that automatic rescans of the media folders on the card ( done by android 's " media storage " system app ) , which occur every time a card is inserted or the phone is disconnected from usb , were taking a very long time ( sometimes hours ) . this in turn caused issue with syncing my large music library between my mac and phone using the isyncr utility . this issue has also completely gone away , and i suspect that the android media scanner was not dealing well with the corrupted files . additional details : phone : gt-i9300 international version , unrooted , running the official israeli unbranded samsung firmware . card : sandisk 64gb class 10 ( same as original asker 's iiuc ) , formatted to exfat on a mac . i did not even bother reformatting after the 4.3 upgrade -- i simply mounted the card on the mac in order to erase all the existing corrupted 0-length files , which as noted cannot be deleted by the various android file utilities .
yes , based on those posts you definitely have a 2 . x radio that does not require the modified kernel . your radio version is also listed as supported on the dangerspl page . i think you are good to go , best of luck !
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
it could be that the battery is not calibrated correctly . this can cause the phone to think that the battery level is much lower than it actually is , as well as the " jump " when you disconnect from the charger . i am not sure how to fix this without rooting , but if you do decide to root , the battery calibration app in the market can reset the calibration , then guide you through recalibration .
the android authority has a great article on ways to extend your battery life on the s2 . in my experience : live wallpaper is a huge battery eater when i am at work my 3g signal is very weak inside the building , which completely kills my battery in about 4 hours . i have found that if i leave the wi-fi connected at work and at home , the phone will not constantly look for a 3g signal , thus saving my battery . turning down the screen brightness is also a big help if you have tried all these suggestions with no improvement , you might consider trying juicedefender .
try factory reset , wipe off all the apps and then see . if the problem still persists then check if changing the battery helps
changing to a custom rom like cyanogemmod might help if the rom developers found ways to alleviate pointless battery loss on certain specific devices such as your gs2 . if your phone is rooted you may try out flashing 3rd party kernels to see if they can optimize performance . some roms have power/performance options which may help , but may also damage your phone . calibrating the battery is also an option but i have never seen any good evidence it actually does anything . and use wakelock detector to sniff out any dodgy services that may pointlessly wake the processor .
you should try resetting defaults for your browser app from application manager . go to settings > application manager > click your browser app from app list (which ever browser u r using) > you are in app info now > clear defaults . this might help u .
go into Settings -&gt; Applications search for Youtube scroll to the Launch by default section tap on Clear defaults
it would be nice to tell us info about your device . i suppose all those problems are device specific ( or rom for specific device ) . my experiences with device samsung galaxy s2 and huawei g300 shows that there is not that much big difference between battery usage on 802.1x and wpa2-psk . ~ jiri
on the kindle fire , on the list of apps to be updated , there is an update all button at the top right . you can update one-by-one or all-at-once , but there is no facility to update a selected group .
both works the same way . while the usual adblockers block all ad-related servers/ips , you can do the same for selected ones . provided your device is rooted , you can block their specific ips via your hosts file . just add the server name one per line , and send it to an " invalid " url such as e.g. 0.0.0.0 . an example entry would look like : adserver.myprovider.com 0.0.0.0  of course this would mean you have to figure out the url of the ads displayed . here apps like os monitor might prove helpful , as they show all open network connections : os monitor : open connections and whois information ( source : google play ) when such an ad is displayed , immediately open the connection tab in os monitor and check the list . the first screenshot 1 shows the app in charge is displayed along with the corresponding entry . the status column will most likely hold either *close_wait* , *last_ack* , or ( less likely ) established . tap the entry which seems fitting to get the whois information 2 . on that page you see the hostname right on top ( "dns" ) , which is what you then put into your /system/etc/hosts file as described above . do not forget to clear the app 's cache afterwards , as otherwise cached ads might still be displayed . continue until you caught them all : ) another solution is available for certain providers ( at least here in germany ) : opt-out of provider billing , either completely or for given companies . of course you still need to pay your contract ( that is not what is meant here ) , but you should no longer be automatically charged for ads etc . via your phone bill . which does not mean nobody might scare you with accuses of a subscription you " bought " -- but that would no longer work for those ads .
just get a free keyboard . apk and copy this to your sdcard . install it from there . to find a free keyboard apk file : just do a search on google : " free android keyboard apk " .
you just created a nice chicken-and-egg problem : to install a keyboard via the playstore , you need to configure your google account on the device first . to do that , you need a keyboard . note : never delete the ( last ) keyboard app from the system apps ; a factory-reset removes all user apps , so if there is no keyboard app as system app . . . here 's what you can do -- provided you have got some keyboard as .apk file : enable usb debugging on your device use adb install keyboard.apk to install the keyboard app if you do not have adb installed on your computer , either install the android sdk -- or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for an " adb lite " variant .
you could check-mark for automatic updates those apps which you care about or just update each application individually .
kitkat has a feature where , when wi-fi is turned off , it periodically scans for networks to allow wi-fi-based location detection to work . to turn this off:- go to the wi-fi settings on the overflow menu ( the three dots ) select advanced uncheck scanning always available even when an app turns on wi-fi fully , this is not done with an intent ; rather , it is done by calling the method WifiManager.setWifiEnabled . only apps with the permission " connect and disconnect from wi-fi " can do this .
if it is not that kitkat feature dan mentioned , and the intervals are reasonably short ( so e.g. it happens at least once while you are sleeping at night ) : enable usb debugging connect your device to your pc via usb on your pc , run adb logcat | tee wifi.log go to bed next morning , press ctrl + c check wifi.log to see when it was triggered ( and hopefully , by whom ) this should at least help narrowing things down . even if it does not explicitly state " app x triggering wifi " , you can check for patterns , like " evertime wifi had been turned on , i find event z of app x mentioned a few lines before " . good indicator it might have to do with x then . so check whether x has some network ( or " coarse location" ) permissions requested ( and granted ) , as if not , it is unlikely to be your candidate . otherwise , try disabling/freezing/uninstalling it , and see if your issue is gone . if so , you found it – if not , repeat with the next .
i had the same issue with my device ( note 3 ) . t-mobile does not seem to have a " connection optimizer " feature in its line of phones . in t-mo 's case the feature that needs to be disabled is the " wi-fi manager " . to disable this feature you need to do the following : access your t-mobile account ( for me i just press on the " t-mobile my account " app ) . press the menu button on your device , then select " options " . under " notifications " uncheck the box marked " display wi-fi manager notifications " . under " connection assistant " select " open wi-fi manager " . uncheck the box for " manage wi-fi connections " . that is it . . . i talked to t-mobile tech support about an unrelated issue and offhandedly mentioned this problem . the rep informed me that this was a known issue and stated that this issue was being addressed . in the mean time disabling the " wi-fi manager " is a temporary fix to address this problem . here is the shorthand way to disable the wi-fi manager : t-mobile my account -> menu -> options -> " display wi-fi manager notifications " ( uncheck ) -> " open wi-fi manager " ( under " connection assistant" ) -> ( uncheck ) " manage wi-fi connections " .
rst2pdf is an application that can be used to compile restructured text into pdf . to read a pdf on your android should be trivial-ish . grab any pdf reader .
you can use the drony application to authenticate with your proxy .
there are multiple solutions . as you have android 4 . x , long-pressing on a wifi apn in settings&rarr ; networks and wireless&rarr ; wifi lets you edit an apn . check the " advanced " box , and you can configure the proxy . though this form does not offer separate fields for username/password , here 's a trick how to do it : for the server name , enter user:pass@proxyserver ( e . g . if the proxy is 10.11.12.1 , user joe , password foo : joe:foo@10.11.12.1 ) -- this is how it works in some browsers for password-protected urls . in case this makes trouble ( should not , but who knows ) , further details can be found at android-proxy . blogspot . de ( do not be irritated by . de , it is in english ) . another possibility would require your device to be rooted : proxydroid offers some comfort in connection with proxies . next to supporting multiple profiles , it is also capable of handling different authentication methods .
how about advancedbrightness ? it is not automatic - you had have to configure it accordingly . however , since you said " adjust throughout the day , " this may well be a suitable app for your needs . oh , and it is free and very small ( 33kb ) .
if you do not mind programming it in , llama is a free alternative to locale and tasker ! : ) it has date/time of day triggers with screen brightness actions ( along with quite a few others ! ) .
an application like locale ( $9.99usd ) will let you do that . at say 9 am you can adjust the brightness to one setting , then add another condition to adjust the brightness to a different setting at a different time . tasker should be able to do it as well . it does a lot of what locale does , plus more . it also supports all the locale plug-ins . it is also about $5.99usd .
try clearing the data for the market app : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All and find the market app if it is running , kill it with the button there clear the data ( this will clear the cache as well , no need to do both manually ) restart your phone then try the market again . edit : since that did not work , i would try wiping the data partition ( similar to a factory reset ) : power off your phone boot into bootloader mode by holding down volume down , power , and the camera button . pull the battery and power back on while holding the home button . once you see an android with the triangle and exclamation point , press the search button . using the side volume buttons to move around and the power button to select , select the " wipe data " option . once the wipe is finished , select " reboot system now " .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
signing out and exiting ( may need to check the task manager to make sure it is closed ) should clear the local history .
you can turn off gtalk logging via gmail , settings > chat > never save chat history . to close all chat windows , you can use ( in the gtalk application ) option button > more > close all chats .
check rechat ( android chat ) : http://refineandroid.doodlekit.com/ - facebook , google talk , basic jabber/xmpp ; - multiple accounts at once ; - plain/bubble views . customize avatar/font sizes . - font packs ( download separate apk to keep memory ) . - full unicode support ; - favorites ( always in contact list ) ; - customize income message notification : default sound/your sound file , led , vibration , status bar notification . - chat history . export ( email ) selected messages , open chat messages , whole history for a contact , whole history for all contacts . archive attachment with 7zip . facebook features : - all non-chat permissions are revoked , customize period , " revoke now " . - upload image/short video ( several share options ) - send image/short video to a contact ( private wall post ) . - send message to a contact ( as a private event or private wall post ) . - set status message . google talk features : - showing total count of unread emails ; - marking contacts with unread emails ; - new email notification ; - list of unread emails subjects ( without content ) ; - add/remove contacts . basic jabber/xmpp features : - add/remove contacts .
"0-click " batch restore ( as the market page describes it ) is one of the features of the pro version . you cannot do it in the free version , but purchasing a key for the pro version allows you to perform a batch restore unattended .
that is rather a question of shell stuff . see this example shell command : find /some/dir -ignore_readdir_race -cmin -depth -mindepth 1 -maxdepth 1 -type f +1440 ! -execdir fuser -s {} 2&gt;/dev/null \; -delete  this would delete all files in /some/dir which are older than 1440 minutes ( i.e. . 24h ) . just multiply the 1440 by 30 to get 1 month , and fire the command via a time-based profile .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
it depends on your application . for example , the " listen to . . . " ties in with several music apps like spotify and mspot . so far there is no way to launch an arbitrary app through voice actions if the app does not support one of the voice action keywords .
ok , i found out the reason for this problem is the band differences on the 3g : S5830: HSDPA 900 / 2100 S5830B: HSDPA 850 / 2100 S5830L: HSDPA 850 / 1900  and the incompatibility with the current firmware i had ( i updated to cyanogenmod 7.2.0 and still had the same issue ) , so for a quick fix , i went to : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Use only 2G networks  and that took care of the issue , however , for a full solution , flashing a latin ( like the brazilian one ) with a modem file like the kp7 or kpl should take care of the problem .
to answer your question , see this previous question for options on changing the country that the market think your phone is in : how can i circumvent regional restrictions in the android market ? for the second part of your question about which country to change to , from the app 's description : currently for u.s. and canada based phones only . but from this description : the application dials to our service , which dials to the other party , showing your phone number as the caller id . the service then records the call at the telephony level , and sends a very high-quality recording straight to your email box . i think that even if you get it to install , it will only work properly if you are currently in the us or canada , as it seems to work by redirecting your call through a landline call forwarding service , which either will not work in other countries , or will be using a hideously expensive international rate call for that purpose .
i had the same problem and asked google to help me . this is their answer : we use the billing address of your default payment instrument in google wallet to help determine your home country for accessing the play store . our collection of content can vary by country , so your view of the play store may differ from what others are seeing when you travel outside of the country listed on your default payment method 's billing address . please note that you must have a valid payment method with a billing address located inside a country in order to access that country 's play store . if you are having issues viewing your intended country 's play store and would like to change your default payment method or update an existing billing address in google wallet , please use the following steps : 1 ) sign into your google wallet account to manage your payment methods ( https://wallet.google.com/manage/paymentmethods ) 2 ) add a new card or change your default payment instrument to one with a billing address located inside your desired country 3 ) open the play store and navigate to any item available for download 4 ) click to begin a download until you reach the " accept and buy " screen ( no need to complete the purchase ) 5 ) close the play store and clear data for the google play store application ( settings > apps > google play store > clear data ) or clear your browser cache 6 ) re-open the play store . you should now see the play store that matches your default payment instrument 's billing country . if you have not yet added a payment method to your account for the first time , please add a card directly from the play store with a billing address that matches your intended country location . then , follow steps 3 through 6 to show your intended country 's play store .
i had the same problem and got over it by doing following go to samsung website , login and then delete the account . did this from my pc . go to android settings , accounts and then delete the account associated with samsung app go back to samsung app store on android device , create new account .
did you ever tried im+ i still think hangouts is better , but since you do not like it may by you could give im+ a chance . now it will not download all your previous chats that you had on talk , but after you are logged in it should display all messages that you send , recive , even if you are not directly sending them from your phone .
you can use kobo . it is an app for reading . i usually email myself the epub file then go into the email where the file is located on the right hand side there will be 3 little dots click that to save and then go into the kobo app and click the phones menu button to import the epub files to your kobo app and then it should show up in your kobo library .
you need an ebook reader that reads epub files . aldiko ( http://www.aldiko.com/ ) is a great ebook reader that supports epubs . or , you could rename the extension to zip and extract the file . inside , you will see some folders . within one of the folders are html files that can be viewed in a web browser .
if you think the phone might still be on / not deactivated , you could try installing plan b from lookout mobile . there are other apps that you can remotely load and wipe your memory card remotely so the thief cannot access your photos . however if the thief has since removed your memory cad , he can unfortunately access your photos .
if your memory card is not encrypted then your images and other data is not safe from the thief . vaulty simply hides files , not protect and encrypt them . but then again , most thieves are only after the money . mostly likely they will find a way to reformat your phone , delete all contents , and sell it as refurbished/used on ebay .
i use light flow app to control my notifications light . it has an option to backup/restore settings that i have used when flashing new rom or doing a data reset .
on cyanogenmod 11 snapshot m8 i have the notification led setting in /data/data/com.androdid.providers.settings/databases/settings.db  this is the main settings database and contains most ( if not all ) of them . you probably do not want to transfer the whole bunch , so you have to extract it . at first , there were 2 files in my backup : settings.db ( the interesting database ) and settings.db-journal ( its " rollback journal" ) . the journal contains data that were yet not transferred to the database due to unfinished transactions or maybe for some other reason . still , before dealing with the database itself , it is better to process the journal . this little ( linux ) command did the trick for me : $ sqlite3 settings.db VACUUM  after this , the journal should be merged into the database and removed . i have found that the led settings we are interested in are in the system table . this will get them for you : $ sqlite3 settings.db "SELECT name,value FROM system WHERE name LIKE 'notification_light_pulse%';"  i suppose the most interesting ones are : notification_light_pulse_call_color notification_light_pulse_vmail_color notification_light_pulse_custom_values  i am afraid i do not know a good way how to transfer those values to your current settings database , though . you should definitely be able to stay with the sqlite3 tool , maybe use its .dump meta-command and then filter it and insert the selected values into your database . this might get messy , though , as the indexes might differ . i am really no database guy , sorry . maybe some gui tool like sqlite browser might be easier for the job . should someone know a good and easy way i will be glad to update this response .
if you have your phone linked to your google account , your contacts are , by default , saved to your google account , and you can access them through gmail . even better , if you get a new phone and link it to the same account , it'll have all your contacts again . if it is linked and your phone is turned on you can find it is location through google 's device manager or remotely wipe your phone . keep in mind that if it is linked and they manage to get in somehow , they will be able to access your google account as well , so if you do not intend to locate the device you should unlink your device from your google account , blocking their access to your account . unfortunately , if your device is not linked , or you chose to save contacts locally instead of the default location , there is no way of getting your contacts back , unless your manufacturer offers a way for it and you have enabled it . i believe htc has something for it if you link your htc account .
very elegant solution - root the phone , download nobloat app . disable all unnecesary processes - google for the ones u can disable . my phone is 500% more responsive after this . i am using original samsung 4.3 rom .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
the lag you are seeing is unrelated to ram usage . my " international " s3 runs the stock rom and is not rooted . right now it has 277 mb free and it never lags at all . as izzy explains , free ram is not a predictor of performance on android . android tries its best not to remove processes from ram when they stop running , because if the same process needs to run again , it would cost energy and cause lag to load it into ram again next time . the only time you get lag as a result of ram use is after you have used one particular ram-hungry app . when one app hogs all the ram , all these " cached " processes get evicted from ram to free it up . then , when you switch to a different app ( even the launcher or settings ) , android has to stop the memory-hungry process and load the new one into ram from storage . oddly enough , this is the behaviour you get for every app , if you use a task killer to keep stopping background or cached processes , or if you force-close every app ( or swipe them out of the recent apps list ) .
i have been using mighty text for about 6 months now . works really well and has enough other features too .
for a windows 8 pc , you should try mysms . it has an native windows 8 client you can send/reveive texts on your windows 8 pc via your mobile operator . your pc and your phone will stay in sync .
or how about kies air ? you can connect to your pc using wi-fi and there are more functionalities than just texting . there is no need for a cable . this could be a plus or a min . without having to connect any cables , within a browser you can use diverse function such as multimedia transfer , music listening , pims management , text message , file search , and so on .
you might wish to run a search on google play . one good choice will be airdroid , which gives you a full remote maintenance suite . and of course you can send/receive sms using any browser you like .
you can try sms text messaging ↔pc texting . \u2605 Send &amp; Receive SMS on your computer ot tablet. \u2605 Instant Notifications on computer/tablet when SMS hits phone. 
go to settings> > developer options ( under system ) > > stay awake ( uncheck this )
the screen on my phone turns on when the battery is 100% charged . . . i would also like to be able to disable that feature but have not found a method to yet . once i turn the screen off however , it does not come back on again while the battery is at 100% . presumably , if the phone went below 100% and/or started charging again it would go back up to 100% and the screen would turn on again , so something to check--if you use a charging cable instead of a dock--make sure the usb connector is not old or bad ( i.e. . , intermittent ) . if the usb connector does not make good contact then the phone 's charging logic can be re-triggered and the screen will come back on . you can see the effects of this yourself by plugging and unplugging the charger . the display may come on briefly , turn off briefly , then turn back on again to say that it is fully charged , and a cheap usb cable that wears out can eventually cause this to happen repeatedly . i do not think this is the issue you are having based on the symptoms described , but something to look at . another possibility would be a sub-standard charger and/or heavy processor usage on the phone that allows the battery to be charged but then discharged enough while it is still plugged in so that the phone thinks it needs to start charging again . i am not sure if that can actually happen or not , but if the phone thinks it is time to charge the battery again , and then it charges to 100% almost immediately , you will get another notification with the screen turning on .
try this app . it has an option for turning the screen off after 100% battery level alarm rings .
according to samsung when the battery is fully charged it will notify you , that is what turns the light on it keeps notifying you . . annoying , but samsung says it is normal and that there , " is no feature to turn it off at this time . " maybe many should complain to them . i did find a partial solution . first i turned the volume down on the notifications , i can live without them . its better than hearing them at night . second , i took a picture with the camera lens covered . this gives a black screen . i then set the home and lock screens to us this black photo . this eliminated the bright blue screen . you can optionally turn the touch pad lights to not come on in settings , display touch pad lights . i can live without those as well . then you can optionally , turn the clock off for the lock screen or make it the smallest size . this all cuts the light down dramatically when you are fully charged . i then just turn the phone over . this all yields a half baked solution i can live with . now samsung , wake up and allow us to turn the stinkin charge notification off !
uncheck settings-> accessory-> dock-> desktop home screen display
i too have not figured out the intermittent screen turn on problem but will address one other issued mentioned . lithium ion batteries have internal circuitry which shuts the charging down when the battery is at 100% . unless the electronics are bad , you cannot overcharge them . leaving them discharged for long periods can harm them . you can get roughly 300 to 500 recharges , its best to not run it all the way down , recharge often , when not using it , the charges are cumulative , so a 30% discharged battery is best charged then , not when it runs down . this can easily be verified at manufacturers web sites . ive learned this from years of being involved in electronics and seeing the evolution of rechargables
if you have root on your phone , you can get an app like android commander which runs on your pc and when you connect your phone via usb , it'll let you browse and access all the files on the phone
from your message i understand that you gave your old phone to a technician who did the transfer to your new galaxy s4 for you . a phone swap is not necessarily a simple procedure and it all depends on what exactly the technician did . apparently he moved all your accounts to the new device but like you i doubt that he moved all the files to the new device . that being said , the pictures on your old phone will most likely still be there so there is nothing preventing you to connect your old phone to a computer and just copy those files to your computer or your new device . to confirm that the pictures are still there you can turn on the old phone and see if you can still see them . a deactivated phone only loses the actual mobile network connection but it should still be fully functional , even data with wifi . and for your last question nothing is preventing anyone with your phone in their hands from factory resetting it . but i do not see any reason that would justify why a technician would do that after a phone swap .
i believe what it stands for is " debug surfaceflinger hardware " , and there is only one ( that i know of ) reference to it in the android source code ( in displayhardware . cpp ) : or , in english terms , the system reads the value of the debug.sf.hw flag . if it has a value and that value is equal to zero it disables hardware compositing , otherwise it skips over that block of code . i think there is something of a misconception in that the default should be to have hardware compositing enabled , but you can set debug.sf.hw=0 in order to disable it . so really it is a debug flag , but setting it to 1 ( strictly speaking , any non-zero value ) would explicitly cause compositing to remain enabled . as far as i know , though , the only time it should really have an impact is if the device 's default value is 0 for whatever reason .
there is no easy way to roll back an official firmware update . generally when carrier or smartphone manufacturer releases an update , they do not provide a way to downgrade . you can try to find the original firmware on the internet , or try to install a custom firmware of the previous version , if one is available for your device . both these workarounds will most likely require you to root the phone and possibly unlock its bootloader , and will most likely void your warranty . regarding your particular issue with display , it is possible that a simple factory reset will resolve this . if that fails , you should take the phone to a service center and have their technicians examine it for defects . if the phone is still under warranty , you may want to send it for repairs .
i really doubt that you are going to see any significant difference in nfc performance . essentially , the chip itself is not being read or written to at all - it is an antenna used to transmit information via short range radio waves . you will find that the nfc on most phones will work about the same , so i would base your comparisons on more differential factors . have a great day !
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
you are right that is the way the image should be captured and saved in the folder screenshots . but sadly , some of the rom manufactures remove this feature from the rom , do not know why , but yes they do so and the user is not able to use this feature . i have a phone , qmobile noir a8 and on this phone i was able to capture the screenshot through the very same process and this was the very first phone i noticed android os has this feature too . but then i installed a new custom rom on it . http://www.incpak.com/tech/qmobile-noir-a8-jellybean-4-2-2-download/ ( link for the rom ) and til then , i am not able to capture the screen shot using these buttons . so the rom you are using might not have this functionality or might have been overriden by some other function . if you still can not figure it out , you can try contacting lg for this issue . they would guide you in a better way .
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
did you try keyevent for power button ? adb shell input keyevent keycode_power
you can reset the content filter pin by clearing the app data for the play store . this will clear the pin and also remove the filter . go to settings > apps tap on " google play store " tap the " clear data " button .
go to settings > apps tap on " google play store " tap the " clear data " button .
go to Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; All &rarr ; Phone and press the Force to Stop button . phone now will appear
some apps show in the play store but nowhere on your phone . in that case you can go to the play store and open you installed apps area . locate the app that is missing and click to uninstall it . you will most likely be uninstalling the update that cause the problem . make sure the app is still install and saying to install uupdate and then reboot the phone . once the phone is back on you should be able to locate the missing app . also check the status of the app in the play store . the update may not be needed at this time .
same happened to me on my note 3 , and what i found was i had inadvertently turned off the contacts app . on samsung phones go to settings , general tab , application manager scroll to the last page labeled " turned off " . click on the app you need to turn on and select turn on . that did it for me .
try deleting your launcher data from settings : Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; Launcher &rarr ; Clear Data
in your app drawer ( the main one ) , you should see them . you can then long press and drag them to the main bar at the bottom .
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
on my gs3 i looked under running apps and selected show cashed processes on clicking on one of them it gives the following description Old application process kept for better speed in case it is needed again  i can only assume from this that cache is storing certain data when an app is first ran , so by deleting the data the app will run from new each time
cache :-its a temporary storage file used by websites as well as the applications to store some data on your device . cache memory contains references ( where to store the settings i.e. in which folder it should load or store the source file ) , thumbnails ( images to be displayed in the application ) etc . advantages of cache:- 1 . once you have already loaded the application then your application loads exceptionally fast when compared to the first time load . ( apps like browser will load your websites much faster as they are stored in your cache ) 2 . instead of the application loading the wallpaper from the source ( phone memory ) every time you load the application it will create a buffer memory from which it can directly load the wallpaper saving the processor of the phone from doing this task . disadvantages:- 1 . the website takes some time to load the requested page as there is no buffer memory . this is not much big disadvantage as for the second time the page will load fast . 2 . although your pages are loading fast or the application is responding faster there is limited storage space which the cache memory can store . once it get 's filled / is nearing to then other application/same application will get slow as there is no space for the application to operate .
this is how many modern android phones ( including all nexus phones ) work . the nexus 4 can switch between mtp and ptp modes . to overgeneralize a bit , it can use mtp to emulate a media device and ptp to emulate a camera . the nexus 4 has no way to mount as a mass storage device ( and thus , no practical way to mount it and get a drive letter for it )
elixir is one of the most widely downloaded comprehensive system info app for android .
quadrant also give me the same information that android system info .
try android system info . you will me amazed how much information this application provides .
quick system info is what i use ( and was preinstalled in my leedroid rom )
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
it is not actually possible to fully disable the led for gmail without disabling email notifications altogether . your only alternative is to use an app like lightflow ( of which there is a free , ' lite ' edition ) . hopefully there will be a fix for this in a future update .
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
how old is your sd card ? does it work under stock ? if it does not work under either , i wonder if the sd card is going bad ? how long have you had it and do you do a lot of writing to it ? if so , then the card might be going bad as sd cards have a limited lifespan . the more you write to it , the shorted the lifespan . do you have another sd card you could try ? i would also do a chkdsk on it to see if any bad sectors are found . if so , time to ditch it and get a new card .
you can enable your caller id from Settings -> Call settings -> All calls -> Show my number -> Show . as for the sms reply problem , please check the settings in your messaging app , make sure that the SMSC ( short message service center ) number is correct foryour network and SMS Reply Path is off . otherwise , just double-check the number and try with and without the international format .
according to the gmail help pages , you should be able to easily export your contacts using a web browser : sign in to gmail . click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . from the more drop-down menu , select export . . . . choose whether to export all contacts or only one group . select the format in which you had like to export your contacts ' information . please note , some of these formats can lose some contact information . to transfer contacts between google accounts , use the google csv format . this is the recommended way to back up your google contacts . to transfer contacts to outlook , yahoo ! mail , hotmail , or various other apps , use the outlook csv format . to transfer contacts to apple address book , use the vcard format . click export . choose save to disk then click ok . select a location to save your file , and click ok . this ( and some other details ) are also described in a post titled how to create mail merge in gmail contacts . now you write you have some contacts which are not synchronized with your google account , but stored on your sim card . of course , you first need to " convert " them to " google contacts " , which is described in how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ? : open the contacts app press the " menu " key navigate to import/export → import from sim card click " select all " ( or manually select the contacts you wish to import ) when asked where to copy the contacts to , select the appropriate option this procedure can also be found in a tutorial at androidadvices , together with some screenshots to visualise the process . your broken sd card should not matter here , as it is not involved anywhere in the process . see also : transfer all contacts in phone and sim to google contacts how to move phone contacts to google ? good idea to transfer all phone numbers from sim card to google contacts ? how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ?
this has never been a feature of the stock launcher . perhaps you were using a phone on jellybean where the manufacturer had replaced the stock launcher with their own launcher , which had this feature . since android supports third-party launchers , just install a launcher ( home screen ) app which supports this feature . there are many to choose from .
the facebook app does not have this feature ( and several other features that are available on the web app ) . however , you can create a new list with a 3rd-party app like fast pro for facebook .
one way to do this : run an ssh client on your phone , such as connectbot forward a local port to the remote irc server , say localhost port 1234 to irc.server.ip:6666 . ( directions for connectbot , with screenshots ) connect your irc client to localhost:1234 , instead of irc.server.ip:6666 . if this does not work , check that you have permissions . when your connection 's not working , you will have to do some extra debugging to check that the ssh tunnel is still up . but otherwise , you should be able to use any irc client .
this can ( and certainly will ) happen when installing apps on sdcard . normally , the system should prevent this ( or rather the dev , by defining the " install-location " accordingly in the app 's Manifest ) . so if the apps were installed on sdcard , go to settings→apps , scroll to the apps ' entries , open them ( one by one ) , and move the app to internal storage . if the widgets do not appear right away after that , they should do so at least after a reboot .
izzy is right , by default you are not able to load widgets from external memory . if you had like to do that you will have to use an app like link2sd or something to trick the kernel into thinking it is the internal memory . link2sd link2sd +
if you are interested in sensors , you might want to watch this google tech talk - sensor fusion by david sachs . accelerometer provides an approximation of angles , but it does not provide a good accuracy . it has a major fault in that it amplifies hand jitters . that can be fixed with a low-pass filter , but that will introduce a delay when there is actual change in angle ( which could cause a visible problem in reactive games and sensor log ) . however , gyroscope is not the king of measuring angles either . gyroscope has a major flaw in that its measurement have a long-term drift . therefore , accelerometer and compass will need to be used to correct a gyroscope .
sufficiently for what , how high a precision ? there are a number of apps that will measure levels and angles purely using the accelerometer , that are good enough for everyday use , after an initial calibration . for examples see the range of spirit level apps available on the market .
there are many things that can go wrong when messing around with the network settings , but the main ones to check are : that you have enabled Packet Data and is not Roaming on different network and that you have not set and exceeded your data limit . this can be both from your provider and also as a user defined setting .
there also seems to be a little green phone handset ( unlike the white full phone mentioned in my question ) , indicating they are in a call .
tinyportriat ( solid ) : the user is reading the conversation . small phone icon : this indicates that the user is using the hangouts app on a mobile device .
i believe the solid green means you are using hangouts and the person is online . the sms indicator means you are texting instead of using hangouts .
i am not sure if it is the same on all devices , but if you long press on the letter e then you should see a pop-up that allows you to selected accented variations of the letter e .
as luke dunstan answers : but if i remember well , you do need to have froyo ( 2.2 ) installed . i do not think i had the accented characters when i had android 2.1 runnding on my galaxy s .
android 2.1 ( eclair ) plug in your phone pull the notification bar ; tap on " usb connected ( select to copy files to/from your computer ) " . tap " mount " . ubuntu should autoprompt you to browse the phone using file manager ( nautilus ) android 2.2 ( froyo ) ( and probably android 2.3 ) plug in your phone android should autoprompt you to enable usb mass storage . ubuntu should autoprompt you to browse the phone using file manager ( nautilus ) ( froyo image shamelessly taken from http://droidfreeapps.com/2010/05/usb-mass-storage-tweaks/ )
if you canceled the trial and want to renew the trial , i think you will have to wait for another offer . if you want to renew the actual service , go to play music , settings , subscribe to all access .
fonts are always stored at /system/fonts . by changing the system font to chinese , and looking in that directory , you may be able to find the font . hope this helps .
i believe the font is called droid . a few variations ( sans , sans mono , serif , condensed ) are available from droidfonts . com , though it should be noted that droid sans may be the only to contain chinese characters . each of the droid fonts was custom designed by ascender and optimized for on-screen legibility with the android platform . . . . [ droid sans ] contains over 43,000 glyphs and includes support for simplified chinese ( gb2312 ) , traditional chinese ( big 5 ) , japanese ( jis 0208 ) and korean ( ksc 5601 ) . this font uses the simplified chinese ideographs for shared unicode code points .
did you try this app ? supports ethernet , usb or serial ( with serial-usb adapter ) . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=qsrtech.posprintdriver also , try this app from opera mobile store . if this app does not work with your printer , send printer profile to the app server . they might add support . http://apps.opera.com/en_in/usb_printer_driver_21_developer_edition.html
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
sounds like you are in a boot loop . if you are sure that you installed a rom that is supported on your device , go back in to the recovery and make sure you wipe the data and cache . if you reboot after doing so , and you still get the boot loop , then i would do as matthew read suggests and flash the stock rom back .
if you paid for the pro version of titanium backup , you should have the option to store the backups to several online storage locations . google drive , dropbox , and box are built-in to titanium backup pro . all you need to do is add your account info , then tell your schedule to back up to those locations . this is how my phone is set up . if i lost my phone , i would be able to restore my app settings and call logs/text messages on a new phone through titanium backup . and since i tell google plus to automatically upload photos taken by my camera , i would have photos as well . everything else that matters is already synced with google .
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
looks like a similar issue has been raised in the google code repository for android at : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=3678 i have just tested this with a few browsers on gingerbread - namely firefox , dolphin hd and the native browser . neither of them like to navigate to the file directly , but accessing the file through search results ( e . g . google ) seem to prompt the browser to download the file . it may be worth cross-checking the configuration for the pdf mime-type on your web server . the standard mime type is application/pdf .
for better compatibility you might consider removing the spaces in the filename . other than that i do not know what the problem could be .
usb , mini-usb , and micro-usb cables are standardized , the voltage and amperage are the same across all standard compliant usb chargers . as long as the charger is a standard , generic micro-usb charger then it should be alright . that does not make it impossible for a manufacturer to create a non-standard plug that looks like a usb plug , but they are pretty much screwed up if they do so .
no it will not cause any damage . any generic charger will do . i use a generic car charger like that all the time .
an official usb cable on the connector there should be a usb " trident " logo on the top , as well look for shorter tx and rx pins on the middle row of four , the two outside pins are ground and power ( +5volts ) . if not i would suspect it was not really an official usb device . not a fool-proof method but a good quick way to check with your own eyes .
whilst it will not cause an issue , i have noticed with my htc desire that non-official chargers are seen as " usb " chargers by my phone whereas the official chargers are seen to be " ac " types . this is significant because my phone will only draw 500ma in usb charger mode , but will happily pull 1a+ in ac mode . it is all down to the usb battery charging specification , which specifies that if the d+ and d- pins are shorted with a resistance of at most 200 ω , additional current can be delivered . the short disables data transfer , but allows devices to detect the dedicated charging port and allows very simple , high current chargers to be manufactured . the increased current ( faster , 9 w charging ) happens if both the host/hub and devices implement the new charging specification .
micro-usb is standard size and pinout , so it will provide the power on the right pins no matter what charger that you plug into the device . usually any charger that has the micro-usb plug will work . additionally , in most modern batteries , there are a lot of charging safeties inside the device itself , including overvolting , undervolting , charging too quickly , charging when the battery is too hot or too cold , and reverse polarity . i would be surprised if it would be possible to buy a charger on the market today which would ruin a phone .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
you have got to do 2 things : first , download the s-on tool from unrevoked 's site and run it according to the instructions . the main thing to keep on top of is the radio compatibility , particularly if you have flashed any of the evo 's radios to your incredible . once you are back to s-on , flash the latest ruu . right now , it is 4.08.605.2 . this will replace the rom and recovery with stock versions . be careful doing this , last i heard there is no way to permanently root the incredible and regain s-on after you have flashed a stock gingerbread rom . if you would like to re-root in the future , at least keep s-off .
to delete a notebook , you will need to log in to the webapp . your notebooks will appear on the left side of the screen . moving your cursor over ( or tapping , on your device ) the notebook you wish to delete will show a triangle to click for a drop-list from which you can delete the notebook . edit : according to this link , you can not do it from the android app yet . http://discussion.evernote.com/topic/29175-helpdelete-notebook-on-android/
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
try looking at the logcat output . i had a similar issue with multiple devices ( all of the same manufacturer , though not yours ) -- and it turned out they obviously had a bug in adb implementation ( logcat showed a parse error for the backup file ) . if your situation is comparable ( some adb bug on your device 's firmware ) , you can forget restoring that backup using adb . still , there are alternatives : as you can read in the tag-wiki or our backup tag , there are other apps which can read and restore from adb backups . such as e.g. titanium backup . i am not sure if this feature is reserved for the pro version , but it is at least worth a try with the free one . and even if , this app is worth buying . note , however , that your device must be rooted for this . copy your nexus.ab to the sdcard of your nexus ( i know it has no microsd slot , but the internal sd should do ) . then use tibu to restore from that backup file . you might not be able to restore everything ( i never tried , so i am not sure how far it goes ) -- but at least your apps and their data should be able to get restored . a second way ( to be used for the remaining things ) is to manually unpack the backup archive . details can be found here : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? you might also wish to consult other questions tagged " adb+backup " for additional information .
since you were both uploading and downloading simultaneously and upload speeds are usually much slower ( i figured yours must have been around . 33 mb/s ) , then that does not seem totally unreasonable depending on other variables .
i am not sure if this will work , but you could give it a try : if you have your device rooted , do a mount -o remount , rw /system , a backup of your /system/etc/bluetooth directory and start hacking around in there . there are devices listed in there to which your phone will connect automatic without user interaction . good luck !
the permissions are what allows an app to do something . if an app does not ask for a permission , then it can not do that thing . see security and permissions on the android developer site for more info . note that if you have a rooted phone , and allow the app superuser access then it can do pretty much whatever it wants . make sure you trust any app that you give this access to !
the permissions are entered by the developer , yes . but the android os only grants those specific permissions , and no others . therefore an app could try to do something it was not allowed to , but it would fail ( barring a security exploit ) . see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.html#permissions for more details .
if a developer " forget " to require a permission , they will be unable to use the feature , and they will ( usually ) get a force close ( you will be able to observe this in logcat ) or fails to do its work .
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
as a workaround for not seeing the password , you could type your login name and password into an app that uses plain text , like a notebook or even an email . then copy each , one at a time , and paste them into the name and password field for the login . it seems like i have seen an option to show passwords somewhere , but i enabled that , and i still do not see passwords , so i have no idea what that does . if you still can not log in , then perhaps the server is not set to what you think it is for some reason . that is a long shot , considering the facts as you posted , but it is a possibility , i guess . one more thing . . . you do not use two-step verification , do you ? i had a lot of little problems with using that along the way , including not being able to log in to a few apps that did not handle it correctly . and gmail requires a different password if you use it , for some reason .
i had a similar problem , until i found out that the touchscreen was messed up , and was typing a certain letter twice , so try typing your password in the username field and see if it is typing it right , just to make sure .
it appears google play and gmail wanted an application-specific password . i can only say " appears " because i never got a message that remotely stated it , and when i created on the problem went away . great job google . i can not image how many hundreds or thousands of hours have been wasted because google can not be bothered to get the error message correct .
go to security in settings and check make passwords visible so that you can see what you are typing actually .
i cannot comment on how reputable they are - i have not had any issues but your milage may vary - but i was able to install chrome on my kindle fire hd via the http://1mobile.com marketplace . you have to register and install their client on your kindle , but then it works like the built-in appstore . i would use it for free apps ( and check the permissions any app asks for ) . on the whole i have not found much improvement using chrome vs silk ( partly because some of the chrome functionality requires google services - eg for login - and that is not present ) but if you need it then it seems to be a good way to go , and it keep it up to date as new releases are made available
you could start by not overclocking the device . that is a common cause of system instability even in roms that are usually stable . if it is still unstable because of that , it could just be instability caused by ( bugs in ) the rom you are using . try flashing back to the the stock htc rom . if it is still unstable after flashing back to the stock rom , it could be that your overclocking of the device has caused internal components to overheat , permanently damaging them . one of the functions of the cpu power governor is to slow things down when the device is overheating . overclocking the device , or using a custom rom where the governor is replaced by a less cautious or buggy one , defeats that protection , risking that kind of damage . if that is happened , you probably need to replace your phone and be more careful next time .
a similar question on stack overflow says you can find this info through the api - android.net.TrafficStats , or /sys/class/net/statistics on pre-2.2 systems . this might help you , i hope . i wonder what happened to the widget that question 's poster was writing . . .
your carrier would keep track of how much you have downloaded over 3g . i highly , highly doubt they do enough logging to tell you where all of it came from though ( and if they did , they had probably make you pay to access the logs if they let you at all ) . there is no way to tell exactly what you have downloaded over wifi , apart from browser history for file downloads if you have never cleared the list . presumably you could modify android to log everything , but as far as i know it has not been done up till now .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
just buy any android phone and you can easily have all of the features of an itouch and more . i am sure you could find one on ebay now for $100 or less . maybe an old g1 or something like that . you can use cell phones just fine without activating them , including android phones . but you will want an android that has wifi in it if you will not be activating it . that way you can still use the marketplace and such . update : i forgot that you could also look at devices supported by rockbox . you will not likely get anywhere near the functionality of android or ios , but might be enough for you depending on the device .
you do not mention which android phone you have got , depending on which phone ( and how much your manufacturer 's customised ) you have got , it may be slightly different from othermichael 's instructions . with stock android ( as on the nexus one , htc magic , g1 , etc ) , when you plug your phone into the pc 's usb you should see a usb icon appear in the notification area . pull the notification area down and you should see " USB connected: Select to copy files to/from your computer . " press this and you get the option to " Mount" . pressing this connects your phone 's sd to the pc . other manufacturers customize things slightly with their custom uis , for instance if you have a phone with samsung 's touchwiz ui on it , you get a menu up as soon as you plug into usb , with options to select usb mode , on the you had pick mass storage , and then do as above . i think htc 's sense ui also customizes things slightly , but i can not remember exactly how that works .
Settings &gt;&gt; Connect to PC &gt;&gt; USB Connection Type  should be set to " disk drive " ( you can set this as a default connection type , but i prefer to do it manually when i need it ) . also , you can set it via the notifcations bar by clicking on the usb connection type as it appears ; a selection box of the various options should appear . once mounted , you can open on your pc , and drag-n-drop , or what-have-you . note ( from the incredible manual , p29 ) : disk drive this mode is available only when you have installed a microsd card on your phone . select this mode when you want to use your storage card as a usb thumb drive , and copy files between your phone’s storage card and your computer . when disk drive mode is enabled while your phone is connected to the computer , you will not be able to run applications that use the storage card , such as music or photos . for more information , see “copying files to and from the storage card” in this chapter .
typically i found this after finding the same problem . i too just turned the brightness all the way down . you can get back in by holding the power for a while and restarting . . . might do it again and turn the brightness back up and see . tracker1972 edit- brightness back on automatic , now working fine again :- ) good luck with yours !
you do not have to reboot your whole phone , just get your battery out once , put it in , restart your phone , go immediately to your brightness settings , put it on high , and keep it always high , solved my problem at least .
i know i had the same problem . what you have to do is reboot the phone .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
yes they are the same . the one x and x+ use identical display and digitizer . buy the assembly the digitizer is adhered tightly to the lcd .
re-flashing the gapps package fitting for your android version should fix it . you can find them at goo . im . make sure the archive you pick is for your android version ; according to the tag you have used , it should be gapps-jb-* .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
i do not know about keyboard shortcuts for answering a call on android . what you can do is to connect a usb mouse and use mouse gestures that replicate touch input , it is cumbersome but it should work . i have been doing that on a tablet with a similar problem .
since i have currently the same problem , i found out that it is related to the import of a pst file . the error occurs if a pst file is exported from an ms exchange 2003 server and afterwards imported on an exchange 2010 server . ( e . g . in order to migrate from one version to another ) everything works fine when using owa or outlook to access the data . the error you described shows up only on mobile devices so far . ( in my case it is a symbian phone with dataviz roadsync on it ) except editing all items , which makes them available again , i found no other solution so far . but i am curious to know if there is anything else .
android passwords used with the built-in email application are stored in plain text inside a sqlite database . this is in contrast to the gmail application , which uses auth tokens as described in sachin sekhar 's answer . for jelly bean , the database location is : /data/system/users/0/accounts.db  the above location varies with the android version this location on a non-rooted device is secured and protected by the operating system . on rooted devices , users have already technically cracked their own security , and even if it was not in plain text it would still be trivial to decrypt as the key has to exist somewhere on the device to do it . a member from the android development team posted an explanation that till today still applies : now , with respect to this particular concern . the first thing to clarify is that the email app supports four protocols - pop3 , imap , smtp , and exchange activesync - and with very few , very limited exceptions , all of these are older protocols which require that the client present the password to the server on every connection . these protocols require us to retain the password for as long as you wish to use the account on the device . newer protocols do not do this - this is why some of the articles have been contrasting with gmail , for example . newer protocols allow the client to use the password one time to generate a token , save the token , and discard the password . i urge you to review the article linked to in comment #38 , which is well-written and quite informative . it provides some very good background on the difference between " obscuring " passwords , and making them truly " secure " . simply obscuring your password ( e . g . base64 ) or encrypting it with a key stored elsewhere will not make your password or your data more secure . an attacker will still be able to retrieve it . ( in particular , some claims have been made about some of the other email clients not storing the password in cleartext . even where this is true , it does not indicate that the password is more secure . a simple test : if you can boot up the device and it will begin receiving email on your configured accounts , then the passwords are not truly secure . they are either obfuscated , or encrypted with another key stored somewhere else . ) aditionally , since this issue appears to disturb many android users , you can also follow this discussion at slashdot - android password data stored in plain text .
gmail 's official app does not store password in your device . your password is 100% safe if you use this app . this is how it works : the password is used by google 's authentication servers for the first time only . after first successful authentication , an Auth Token is downloaded to device which is stored in accounts.db file as plain text . for all subsequent logins , this Auth Token is used , not your original password . so , if your device is stolen , all anyone can get is Auth Token which becomes invalid once you change your password . so , you will be in ultimate command . for ultimate security , i would recommend you to enable 2-Factor Authentication and create Device Specific Password for your device . after losing device , all you need is to disable that device . you do not even need to change main password . note : these all are not true if you use third-party email apps for gmail viz . stock email app , k-9 mail etc . imap or pop protocol needs original password to authenticate users everytime . so , plain password needs to be available to email app before sending it to server . so , most of email apps store passwords in plain text ( hashing/encryption is useless because hashing/encryption key needs to be stored locally ) . in this case , i would recommend you to enable 2-Factor Authentication and create Device Specific Password for your device . after losing device , all you need is to disable that device . update : technically , its possible to store passwords locally in encrypted/hashed form without keeping encryption key/ hashing key in plain text locally . thanks to @j . f . sebastian for pointing it out . unfortunately , such implementation for android is not available yet . starting ics , android provides keychain api using which an app can store a password locally in secure form . apps using keychain api are rare , but stock email app uses it ( thanks to @wawa for this info ) . so , your password will be safe with stock email app as long as your screen is locked . remember , keychain is not safe if device is rooted and its not available on pre-ics devices .
you most likely have damage some critical files that are preventing your device from booting properly , with this in mind , you can try : one-click unbrick credits go to adamoutler at xda-developers forum . about one-click unbrick will work on all samsung devices which use odin3 is a single , portable executable is the first one-click anything for our devices on linux works on mac works on windows is open source is programmed in java deploys and installs heimdall for your os is super easy to use . . . . only one button ! instructions copy oneclick . jar to your desktop or any other folder on your computer . it will not work on a network share . double click the file to run it . as long as you have java installed on your machine you are up and running . linux users : mark this file as executable : chmod +x OneClick.jar  all platforms : double click to run , or , right click and open with java , or from command line : java -jar OneClick.jar  windows users : for some versions of windows as a work around to uac ( user access control , the annoying popups ) , a executable called " oneclickloader . exe " has been deployed to the same folder as oneclick . jar . it is important that you do not rename oneclick . jar until after running oneclickloader . exe right click oneclickloader . exe and select " run as administrator " setup should be run-of-the-mill . attention : have you tried to go back to download mode ? if it is still able to go back into download mode , you do not need this software . just turn your captivate into the download mode and flash back to stock eclair or froyo using odin 1 click or whatever similar . links : click here to download one-click unbrick 10july11 from googlecode you will need java installed on your computer : do you have java ?
using the heimdall one click collection , i was able to restore my device back to the stock rom . in windows , it requires the visual studio c++ runtime . after putting the phone in download mode , all you need to do is to press the flash button .
there is an app available from google play store that does just that , you select the app you want to load , the lockscreen appears , you unlock the phone and you are on the selected app . active lockscreen by : celltick last updated on july 24 , 2013 description active lockscreen brings together fast access to your favorite apps and full personalization features for your android phone . your favorite apps , your latest contacts , your photo gallery , are available within just one click . active comes with hundreds of themes and appetizers available to download that let you flip through your social and news feeds directly on your home screen . after installing , you can use one swipe on your new lock screen to : call your favorite numbers , recent contacts or open the phone’s dialer view and access your personalized photo gallery launch recently used apps or predefined apps stream social media updates on your locked screen send text messages or communicate through skype , whatsapp , viber , email and gmail launch your camera or any picture related apps such as instagram , mobli and more read personalized content that are streamed with a preview
i once tried to format my microsd card in my razr with a safestrapped rom . my phone rebooted and i ended up having to reinstall my rom . buy a microsd card reader and format with your pc . if you have a friend that has a digital camera , you could ask them to format it for you . you would need a microsd to sdcard converter tho .
actually if you slide to the right you get the next email . similarly if u slide to the left u go to the previous one
in the gmail client , you can go to the next or previous mail by swiping right or left . in the stock email client , there is an arrow on the menu bar .
you have to turn off " threaded view " in the email client . once this is done , the " menu " drop down will have a next and previous option . go to the email client and go to menu > settings > general settings > show threaded view . uncheck this and you are good to go .
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
a nice permanent way is shown in this xda post : it has the following advantages : permanent dns provided by dhcp are used , but with lower priority you do not need adb and vi . you can do it with root explorer .
you can change the dns settings in android , but you need to root your phone first : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/09/how-to-change-dns-server-on-android.html i do not believe there is a way to password protect the dns settings , but at least it would not be obvious for them to figure out how to change the settings . edit : of course , one thing you can do to at least protect your kids while they are in your home is to change the dns settings on your router . of course whenever they use your carrier 's data network , this will not help .
when on wifi you can manually set ip information , settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings > menu button > advanced . mind you it would be very easy for anyone to modify those settings . as far as when connected via cellular , i do not know of anyway to modify those dns settings as they come from the carrier and the carrier 's towers . i am pretty sure they do not want their users changing dns settings which could help them bypass certain restrictions they normally have in place . if it was feasible you would need to do some rooting and hacking of files . supposedly there are dns files that exist and can be modified , but i would not recommend going this route . /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns . conf
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
the chipset in the g2/vision/desire z does not support ipv6 , even though the option appears in the os and t-mobile is ipv6 enabled .
go to Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Manage Applications , then find the gmail app in the ' all ' tab . click ' force stop ' and ' clear data ' . restart the app and see if the error occurs again .
it seems that moboot in touchpad is corresponding to the bootloader in android native device , so i think it may be impossible to enter such a ' bootloader ' in hp touchpad .
most secure way : backup all apps with their data with titaniumbackup . backup all data from sdcard . delete some apps to free space on device 's memory . check if all transfer-checkboxes in s2e are available now . if not - free up some more space . transfer all apps , data etc back to device 's memory in s2e . format sdcard again with setting sd-ext partition size bigger or equal than current . restore all data to sdcard . reconfigure s2e without ticking " mount as ext4" option ! restore all apps in titaniumbackup . please , be very careful . i am not responding for any damage or data loss . please , correct me if something missed or excess here .
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
this depends on the device . there are devices that have more accurate sensors , which can display the distance in cm correctly , but some sensors only report the distance as " near " or " far " . if your device only gives the two states , android uses the sensor 's maximum detectable distance as the " far " state ( in this case , 9cm ) and 0 as the " near " state ( which translates to 0cm ) . source : position sensors | android developers
check you ' contacts ' setting : open you ' contact ' -> go to options -> ' contact to display ' . see what is checked , setting it to ' phone ' should bring you phone contacts .
for tilting , from : bluestacks goes into beta , supports more apps the latest version of bluestacks also offers accelerometer support . no , you won’t have to tilt your computer to use it , just hit the arrow keys – the up arrow tilts forward , the down arrow tilts back toward you , and the left and right arrows tilt left and right ( surprise surprise ) . unfortunately for shake as of from four months back , from : need to shake the " phone " how i do this ? this functionality is not available with current version of bluestacks app player . stay tuned for future version with its fix .
why so difficult ? simply install appmonster pro backup restore ( yes , the pro version -- the free does not do this automatically ) , and on each install/update the corresponding .apk file is automatically backed up to your sdcard . you can configure the app to keep all .apk files , or only the latest n ( number freely configurable ) , even pinning of a " stable version " to always keep is possible . appmonster only takes care for the .apk files ( not for app data ) . as a side effect , it even shows you if an app contains an ad module , and you can have it notify you if an just installed app can be moved to sdcard via app2sd .
have you searched previous questions ? i think that both how to take backup of all installed apks from phone to pc and how to access android apks without rooting answer this question by providing utilities to extract/backup the apk files for installed apps . do none of those suggestions suit your goal ? imho trying to sniff and reassemble packets is much too complicated - i recommend continued investigation into on-device utilities .
the issue with most class10 sdcards for most devices is it is higher clock speed a normal microsd ( class6-below ) operates only @ 0-25mhz compared to a class10 microsd ( uhs-i-uhs-ii ) operates @ 0-100mhz ( up to 208mhz for uhs104 ) this messes up with the controller on the card reader of your nook and mistimes the writing and reading on the card making its performance appear worse . some class10 sdcards adapt to slow controllers but i think most class10 's are design for the newer . i still have my xperia play and i use sandisk 's 32gb uhs-i class10 card . the card 's performance was terrible until i got across a hack to the ti card reader controller i found on xda forums . i flashed the custom driver which fixes the timing issue on newer card and now i can get up to 12mb write/ 25mb read , no write drops , and makes a it a great swap partition . try to find a custom driver hack for your nook , but you will be taking big risks because you will be modifying a very low-level part of your device .
open facebook on your browser instead of running the facebook . app . tap on any photo to open the context menu with download option .
you can download chat shared photos on android . i saw a quick tip here .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
that is normal . some apps will not work if they are moved to the sd card , because of some dependencies with the internal storage . so , expect some of those apps to have disabled Move to SD card buttons .
the galaxy s duos have the same problem . to solve this , root your phone , and try moving the apps . if you have no success , then try a custom rom ( i would recommend cyanogenmod ) .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
xbmc remote for android has playlist control , but when i last used it it was pretty basic and buggy . it is probably better by now . you will need to set up a monitor to get xbmc up and running and configure it to use the xbmc remote . after that you should be good to go headless .
android 's version of squeezebox . . . is squeezebox ! i do currently use my android phone as a remote for my squeezebox . i have got the squeezebox server installed on my server , and i have the android squeezecontrol app installed on my phone . it is handy for skipping unwanted tracks from another room , and for starting the music playing before you walk through your front door . you can also connect to the mp3 stream that squeezebox broadcasts to listen from your phone .
you could install xbmc on the linux box then use the xbmc remote app on your android device to control the media playing through xbmc .
i would recommend installing mpd on the linux server and an mpd client on the android device . the squeezebox server software does not play audio directly so you would have to either install a player like softsqueeze or squeezeplay on the server , or use another music application to play the mp3 stream . you did not ask about it , but if you want to play music stored on linux server through your android , you can also install the squeezebox server ( now called logitech media server ) on the same linux server , and install squeeze player on your android along with any squeezebox controller app ( i have found squeezedroid and squeezecontrol to be best ) .
i am using dice player to play dual audio movies on my sony xperia neo v mobile . i think you should try dice player . when you are going to play dual audio movies on your device , you will see an option at the top right side bar resembles music icon . you will need to click on that icon and you will see the movies dubbed in different language . choose your preferable language and you have done ! ! resource : http://www.ehowportal.com/play-dual-audio-movies-android-device/
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
when chaging android major versions , gb to ics or ics to jb or even gb to jb , its advised to do a full wipe , since many old files from the previous version might collide with the new android version . since you have not done it , i suggest you do the following : backup all your phone 's data with either titanium backup or a nandroid backup if you have a custom recovery installed . get your phone to recovery mode and wipe all data ( factory reset ) . if you have a custom recovery you can wipe /system , /data and /cache . once clean , reboot in download mode and use odin to update to 4.0.4 ( or 4.1.2 if you have the international version gt-i9100 ) reboot and enjoy a clean installation of ics/jb .
there is currently no way to limit the maximum volume . this has been asked on xda developers and there was only the one response since the beginning of august .
webkey is my personal favorite remote control program . it turns your phone into a web server , complete with https and username/passwords with permissions you can set . so you could have an admin user with full access , and a standard user who can just see the screen . on top of built-in vnc , webkey also gives you the ability to track your phone by gps , connect to a terminal , browse and download files from your device , and a bunch more administrative things . though this sounds like it is outside of your needs ( but you do not have to use those features ) . and to top it all off , webkey is open source and free , encompassing every android users ' favorite two buzzwords .
all existing non-root-required product works at a very slow frame rate : 0.8 frames/second for a typical screen size of 720x1024 , so they are not suitable for realtime display purpose . " sji android screen capture " will fit your needs , no root required . just with pc 's browser . works at frame rate of 4+ for fullscreen of 1080x1920 , 8+ fps for 320xauto down-scaled size . at the same time , it can record to mp4/webm , and can remote control android from pc 's browser . https://github.com/sjitech/sji-android-screen-capture good luck .
try a free app called airdroid , which lets you control wirelessly your android device from a desktop browser . this is a fragment of play store app description : realtime android screen ( experimental feature , root permission required ) view your android 's screen , take a screenshot , or even record a screencast . here 's a video showing some of its features .
the rom manager app has an option in the manage and restore backups to download backups . you might want to try using it to create backups and download those backups to your computer . choose download backups and you will see : provided your phone and your computer are logged into the same network you can point your browser to the address shown on the screen and choose which of the backups you would like to transfer to your computer . it will take a while depending on the size of the backup . this may be a feature of the pro version but the pro version is worth every penny . good luck .
i am not 100% sure if the following will solve your problems , but i had similar problems with my nexus 4 ( mako ) first up : the backups will probably be stored in "/data/media/clockworkmod " you probably will not find them somewhere else . second problem : i had the same problem , with not getting adb-access in recovery mode what i did was ( windows ) going to device manager and selected " adb composite interface " for the unknown device . automatic driver searching did not succeed .
just flash the firmware you like with odin . attention : you will probably lose your data because of the wiping .
you almost certainly have a rogue app , which a reboot usually fixes . however , in the long run it would be best to discover the app ( s ) that cause your battery issues so it does not catch you off guard when you really need you device to retain it is charge . first , you will need some idea of how apps use the battery . all apps use the battery ( to varying degrees ) while they are active ( i.e. . when you are actively using them ) , but some apps also consume your battery even when they are not active . there are many reasons for this , but the most common is that they need to perform some action , such are checking for new email . these tasks are performed by services ( belonging to the app ) , which run in the background . in order to be able to do their tasks when the device is sleeping ( i.e. . when the screen is turned off ) , these services use " wakelocks " . for background tasks , apps use " partial wakelocks" ; which basically means the processor wakes up , but the screen remains off . in a perfect world , an app would request a wakelock , perform it is task , and then release the wakelock ; this happens quite frequently and only lasts for a very short period of time ( milliseconds to seconds ) . the battery cost of these operations are generally quite low , and their benefits far outweigh this cost . as for discovering your rogue app , the standard battery status provides a good starting point , but you will need to use a 3rd party app that can show you the wakelocks used by each app . in particular i find wake lock detector very useful . it is free and can display both full and partial wakelocks . the app will basically show you the amount of time for which wakelocks have been active per application ( or service ) . when you have a rogue app , it is usually very easy to spot as it will have unusually high usage compared to the others . you mention that maps shows up in your battery usage ; this happens because many applications that request your current location pass this request on to the maps app ( it is location service ) , which performs the action and provides your location to the app requesting it . this is very normal , and usually nothing to be concerned with . some apps can however issue the location request too frequently - which would have an adverse affect on your battery . most decent apps provide a setting for the frequency they perform these update requests .
you might want to look into the s-tablet app .
unified remote could satisfy your desire in another way . it can make your note run as a touch pad and as soon as you have a stylus pen you can open photoshop on your pc and start painting in it with your stylus . unified remote has a free and a full version .
use galaxy note as digitizer or graphics tablet for pc ( small project of mine ) - maybe this could be relevant , but not exactly what you are looking for . but i found this post based on my search query , so maybe it could be interesting to someone else .
swipepad . found it : https://market.android.com/details?id=mobi.conduction.swipepad.android
you can find special screen cleaning mixtures to use , but they are mostly just alcohol . i have been using a lens-cleaning spray on my phone for years with no adverse effects . just spray a bit on a piece of paper towel and wipe the screen down . you will want to use an alcohol based spray , as it evaporates much faster than water , and so will not short out your device .
the transformer 's screen is quite impervious , as this video demonstrates .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
i found this - i had a similar problem with a mp4 file that was corrupt , and not being able to find version 1.5 of grau anymore . i came up with this solution . [ scenario ] video . mp4 ( 200mb ) grau version 1.6 + ( only does 50% of video for free version ) [ directions ] make 2 of the same video files and name them 1 . mp4 and 2 . mp4 this means you will copy video . mp4 in the same fold twice so you have two of them ! in dos ( run : cmd . exe ) locate to the folder where you have the two video files type in the command to merge the files together copy /b 1 . mp4+2 . mp4 you will now see that 1 . mp4 will be 400mb and not 200mb now use grau video repair tool and it will do 50% of the file you merge . meaning you will get 100% video freee ! source
do you ask wheather your keyboard will have chinese input ? best part about android is , that you can easily change the stock keyboard with whatever you like . you just install it like a normal app , and select is as input method . bulgarian is supported , not only keyboard layout , but even text prediction . i am pretty damn sure there are some good keyboards that will provide chinese for you . smart keyboard pro ( i think ) has one , you might check its features in android market . you can probably find text prediction in chinese , do a search in android market , too : ) if you want the whole rom ( menus , etc ) to be in chinese , though , this is rom dependent , so it is not easy to change this , you will have to root . in short : a good keyboard will cost you 5-6$ , so you are saving 95 : ) i hope i understood you question correctly .
in android market there are lots of messaging apps that support languages not supported by the device , specially chinease , so you will not have problem with that , many applications are built to support specific languages that are not supported by android so there also if in that app chinease is supported you will not have problem , but the issue for you will be in gmail app , facebook app , twitter app , these depend on fonts and language supported by the os only
thanks for the suggestions ! after i posted this i started changing my search terms . macro brought up my salvation . using macrodroid i created one macro that hit the home button , another macro that killed the calendar app running in the background and another macro that started the calendar app . i set the calendar app to open to day view by default . without rooting the devices i could not just kill the application and restart it . turning off the display also did not do it . along with these 3 macros i added one to turn off the display m-f @ 7pm and one to turn it on m-f @ 6am . so for my needs the free macrodroid ( comes with 5 free macros ) worked perfectly !
i only have a couple of suggestions . purchase tasker to automate a task that resets your screen/sound on a schedule . disclaimer : i have never actually used that app , but i have heard good things about it . email the developer of that calendar and ask for that feature ( his email address is on google play ) . and also leave a review on google play asking for that feature . look for android calendar applications/widgets that are compatible with google tv . in other words , if you find an application that was explicitly tested to be compatible with google tv ( which is android-based also ) , then it is more likely the developer took the time took to test his application on a screen that never locks and that is always turned on from day to day .
triggering the volume is one way it updates you have observed . i am sure there are more . for example , turning the display off and on should also do . and while to my knowledge no app can ( physically ) trigger any button , there are some that can switch the display on and off . one of those is tasker , which is only available as paid app ( though a 7-day-trial can be downloaded at its homepage ) . as a long-time tasker user , i feel it is worth every cent as it is the most flexible automation app there is for android – but ymmv , so there are several other candidates you might wish to check . relevant for your issue are time-based apps , such as timeriffic or llama . now for the idea : schedule a task for midnight ( or shortly thereafter ) , have the app turn off the display , wait 1 . . 5 seconds , turn it on again . this should cause a " page refresh " – with the side-effect of your calendar display being updated . experiment a little with the start time ( set it e.g. to 0:05 to be sure it is the " next day " when it executes ) and the " wait time " ( e . g . start with 15s to see whether it works , and then reduce it slowly to figure how short you can keep it ) .
require root for some reason it requires root because the global proxy setting is a secure system settings ; on nonrooted devices , only system apps ( like the settings app ) can modify secure system settings . imagine if just any app can modify your global proxy setting , you can inadvertantly be redirecting all your internet traffics to some shady server somewhere across the globe . your alternative is to set up two browsers , one that uses normal internet and another that than can have per-app proxy configuration . you can set firefox for android to use a proxy by changing the network . proxy . http and network . proxy . http_port setting from within about:config . more details : https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/questions/757976 .
uc browser already has capability of forced zoom on mobile sites - and not only that , but the possibility of automatic text wrap when zooming . as far as i know , it is the only browser to have this behavior . plus , with hardware acceleration browsing is just smooth on low specs smartphones , like i have : )
you can use chrome or opera mobile . they support zooming the web pages
just found the setting in chrome . if you go to settings -> accessibility and then tick the option " force enable zoom " then you should be able to zoom in on any site . ( i have read a few sites still manage to stop you , but the vast majority should then work ) .
factory-reset your galaxy tab . then , log-in using the google account your nexus is using . it should ask you if you want to download or synchronize the apps that you have installed on your galaxy nexus .
such as these ? audioscopelt - beautiful lines spectral audio analyzer audio visualizer
download wakelock detector from the google play store , if it happens again open wakelock detector and it will show you cpu and partial wakelocks ( will only show partial wakelocks if you enable advanced mode ) , if the largest cpu wakelcok is " powermanagerservicewakelock " this means the largest wakelock is the combination of all the items listed in partial wakelcocks . i would suggest ( if it happens again ) looking for anything over 7% and doing a web search for the wakelock name , and seeing what you can find . if it does not happen again , problem solved . i would also recommend you do not kill background processes , instead install greenify ( play store ) which blocks the processes you select from starting . other than this we can not tell you the reason due to androids default battery diagnostics not being very good . it is most probably the software , if you download nova battery tester and run it , it will tell you your battery capacity , and you can then compare this to what it should be to verify it is not a hardware fault .
there is a free ( as in freedom ) application send reduced , available at the f-droid repository of free software . install f-droid , install send reduced , select your photos , press share button , select send reduced and then select the sharing method . your photos will be sent reduced in resolution and file size .
there is no stock option to do this . here 's what i do , and it works pretty good , but is not perfect . download reduce photo size from the play store . when composing an email , click add attachment . a choice of locations will pop up . choose reduce photo size . then choose either select image or take a photo . if you click select image , then choose gallery . once you have selected the photo you want to send , click reduce . now a confusing window will pop up and this is where it gets a little tricky . you really have to know picture sizes as measured in pixels . click custom . the smallest photo size will be shown as a default ( 320x240 or something ) . i usually use 640x480 for a small 25kb pic , but you could resize up to anything you want . hit ok and then choose the three dots for the menu and choose done . that is it !
image shrink lite is just right for me ; there is a paid version with more options .
find similar post with a feasible solution . http://www.droidforums.net/forum/no-way-resize-photos-when-sending-email- image-processing
alternativley use google+ auto backup option , by default it resizes photos to 2048x2048px and reduces by size . you can then share this photo or just send it by link .
the free version pic resizer lite allows you to resize up to 5 photos . select images from stand-alone app or images viewer ( gallery ) . there is a paid version with more options .
you could try justresizeit ! it is optimized to send many pictures to many emails . you can send entire albums to all your friends . install the free version , create a widget with many email recipients . then open your gallery , choose as many pictures you want , tap on share and select justresizeit ! . wait the pictures to load , then just tap on the widget you predefined .
check how you are looking for it in the app you have a couple options you can try : from the regular youtube.com/opener site subscribe to the channel or from the app search for the alterart2 channel and subscribe to it the channel is not actually listed as opener it is under alterart2 so watch that to make sure you are able to find it . i located it on my youtube app and was able to subscribe and view . i am using an htc one x ics . hope that helps .
you can not . this feature was added in the ics version of the youtube app . older versions do not support it .
you can use the browser . just type the livestream link , and it will load normally . on the downside , it will lag a little bit .
it seems that if you add the livestream to your watch later list , you can then view it via this on your mobile device . however , it will start from the beginning of the stream and it seems you cannot forward it . you can pause it , but i found that if i left the application , when i would go back it would take me all the way to the start again . maybe this can help someone somehow .
there are a vast multitude of app manager apps in the play store . i use the android system info app but it does more than just management . as for your exchange issue what are you using to sync ? i know the android pre-installed has issues with exchange depending on how the server is setup and each version has different quirks . you may try using touchdown to see if it will get all of your contact information into the phone , however it is only a free trial and i believe $20 after that .
the maildroid app gives a lot of storage options to allow offline caching .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
as far as i know , gmail will " cache " your most recent emails . if you have to " search " or browse through any labels , you probably will not be able to get to those emails . but your inbox ( or at least the most recent in the inbox ) should be available to view since your last sync . additionally , you should also be able to draft emails while offline ( and save the drafts ) , you just will not be able to send them until online again .
is it possible to download the new emails from the gmail account while online , and then read them while offline ? yes , but only for your inbox i think . if you open your inbox on your phone while you have a connection and let all of the messages you have unread propagate to your phone , then close the gmail app and put yourself in airplane mode you can reopen the gmail app and read through your unread messages . is it possible to write emails while offline that will be sent when online ? yes . if you compose and send an e-mail normally the messages that say " sending . . . " will go out as soon as you have a connection again . i just tested this by using airplane mode .
obviously you need an internet connection to create or log into your account . as you do not have a mobile internet connection yet , the phone needs to connect to a wi-fi network first . that is why it is showing you the wi-fi settings right away .
log in to the web interface of the play store and click the settings button in the top right corner and select My Orders and Settings ( or use this direct link ) . next , select the Settings tab and you will see your devices . from here , just click on Edit and type the name you wish to give the device and click Update .
sometimes rooting may cause such problems . the phone says " unrooted " or otherwise , bans some programs , i.e. browser , etc . , from functioning properly . i would suggest to apply a factory reset - of course after having all the back up you may possibly need - rather than flashing a clean firmware .
you can restore the calendar from your backup files . two of them should be of interest to you . com.android.calendar-[big number].apk com.android.providers.calendar-[big number].apk  the first one is the actual calendar , while the second is a helper app for it that stores it is data . to reinstall either use titanium backup , a file manager ( there're plenty in the play store ) or adb . with the latter type : adb remount adb push /path/on/pc /system/app/Calendar.apk adb push /path/on/pc /system/app/CalendarProvider.apk  into the terminal . now reboot .
try using delayed lock - works with ics but you need to be rooted only if you want pattern lock . pin and password lock do not require a device to be rooted to use this app . there is a trial version which i highly recommend you try and use before making a decision . there are also available free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations .
yes , its possible . but , not with adb . adb server runs only in android ( device or emulator ) . on pc , you get adb client only . with usb , you have got a network . install a ftp , samba or ssh server ( like filezilla server ) on pc and use a ftp , samba or ssh client app ( like andftp ) on android device to pull files from pc . you can do the same over air , too . just connect pc and android device in same wi-fi network and do the same . if you do not have wi-fi router , use connectify or mhotspot ( assuming its windows pc ) to make a virtual hotspot .
my answer wont solve your usb connection problem , but as i read your request , it seems that you only want the files sent to your computer and that this is the main reason you made this question . since you are saying that you have lots of photos and videos on the phone , i assume that you can access these from your phone trough android . if i was you , i would skip the usb problem , and then connect to the computer via wifi . the most simple way to do this , i think is to connect to the wifi network . install dropbox/google drive or any other similar service on your computer . install the app for the same service on your phone . and then go into your favorite photo browser/gallery and send the files over to the service and then you will have them automatically on your computer ( if you have installed the applications ) . this also gives you a backup of the photos and videos . ( if you have had this backup today , you would not have to worry about getting the files out from your phone ) : ) simple steps one by one , with my recommended service : connect to wifi with your cellphone if you dont have a google account , make one here : google signup . most likely you have a google account , when you have an android phone . otherwise , you can not download apps through the google play . install " google drive " on your computer . you can download it from the google drive download page . install " google drive " on your phone . download it from the google play store . go into your favorite photo browser or gallery app on your phone . you can then select all files or only the ones you wanna transfer , and choose the " share" ( ) button and choose " google drive " . it will then use some time depending on the internet connection you have . you can then go on your computer and find the files inside the " google drive " folder . your files is now safely saved/backed up on three devices . your computer , phone and " google drive " . i hope this solution works for you . you can also make a permanent solution by downloading and using foldersync wich will automatically upload photos to google drive when you take photos or videos .
have you tried " showing hidden files and folders " ? : " follow these steps to display hidden files and folders . open folder options by clicking the start button picture of the start button , clicking > control panel , clicking appearance and personalization , and then clicking folder options . > click the view tab . under advanced settings , click show hidden files and folders , and then click ok . " windows . microsoft . com here is a step by step guide on how i took the photos off my galaxy s4: connect via usb ( there should be an option in the notification center which looks like this ) tap on it and it should bring you to another menu which should look like this : select camera ( ptp ) and move to your computer in windows explorer under " my computer " it should appear similar to this : next select your phone and it should give you two options . if in your camera settings you have decided to store to card then select that . next select dcim and then the camera folder your photos should be in that folder ! hopefully this worked for you . i am guessing the samsung phones have similar directory setups considering they are from the same manufacturer and both are running android , although i am running a slightly newer version . edit : after reconnecting a couple times i ran into the same problem and fixed it by reconnecting again and before accessing the folders letting it sit connected for a minute . also , if you are sorting the folder by file type the videos will probably be at the bottom of the list under all of the pictures . another way you can possibly get the photos on the computer and the way i personally use is using dropbox camera upload feature . just download the dropbox app on your phone enable photo uploads and download the desktop app fr your computer and every photo you take will be automatically uploaded to dropbox so you can not lose it and it will be on your computer within a couple seconds to a couple minutes depending on your connection . i use this over connecting and copying over because i found connecting it to be a little glitchy . with camera upload , the photos and videos you take with your camera , phone , or tablet will upload automatically to dropbox—meaning they will be safely backed up and viewable anywhere . take advantage of camera upload in two ways : upload wirelessly from your phone or tablet using the ios or android app upload by connecting your camera , phone , or tablet to your computer and using the mac > or windows desktop app dropbox . com
you can try airdroid for fast file transfer from android to pc over wifi . install it in your phone , turn on mobile hotspot and connect your pc to your local network . after that , airdroid will give you an ip address . just open it in your web browser of your pc , and you will get a nice file manager to access files . if you have access to adb shell , you can also use ' adb push/pull ' commands to copy files to/from your android .
instead of using mtp or ptp scroll down your notification and pressusb connected and select turn on usb storage then your sd card connect to your laptop like a flash drive and you can copy your media from it .
looking at given screen shot suggest there is some sort of virus issue with your notebook or the phone itself is infected
usually , kies will inform you of updates faster than ota will . however , ota is more convenient because you do not have to plug in your phone to the pc . so , it is really just a matter of getting the updates quicker versus convenience .
try remote droid player . it also requires server software , though : this application requires a server which needs to be installed in your windows pc ( which you can download from http://doinhtml5.org/remotedroidplayer/ ) .
if ur phone has 3.5mm jack , just connect your speakers pin to jack on your phone . when you play any songs on your cell phone it will just play in your speakers . instead of connecting headphones your connecting speakers thats it . hope it helps
what i am " assuming " is that you want your android device ( with the music ) to play through your speakers at home ? in my case ( may not be the same for you ) , my speakers have cords that plug into the computer . and i can easily take out the cord that plugs into the computer , and plug it into the jack on my android device , then proceed to play the music . if your speakers are built-in and you can not easily do it , look for an adapter of sorts that'll connect your phone and your speakers directly . should be able to find some for cheap on amazon or something . sorry if this was not the answer you were looking for , i might not have quite understood the question . however , i hope this helps , or sets you in the right direction .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
yes , you can do this in windows xp and 7 . it will stream all audio from the phone- apps , games , etc . you do not need any additional software , just bluetooth connectivity on the pc . airdroid lets you access your device , including streaming music , over wifi via web browser . you could also just plug your phone in usb to your pc , and play the music on the pc with musicbee or any other media player .
here is an excellent thread on xda on how to do this the really hard way ( manually , with de-compiling and recompiling the framework . ) i would highly recommend not flashing the different mods from that thread because they are based on files from a different device . also , backing up the files you will be playing with is a must . i have not found any 3rd-party apps that can do this . could be because this mod requires edits to system files that are very device-specific .
you can check out djembey 's pre-rooted s4 thread in xda . the author has debloated ( i.e. . removed unecessary apps ) the stock s4 rom . there is a download link that contains all the apks that he has removed ; search for Removed Apps . it is safe to assume that these apps are safe to be deleted . better yet , why do not you just flash his custom rom ? that seems easier . : )
it depends on the device , and what you mean by "2 . xx " . do you want a : stock android ? b : a rom ? c : a manufacturer-skinned stock image ? i am going to assume that the answer do the question above is d : any of the above . i am also going to assume that by "2 . xx " , you mean 2.3 . there are a few general requirements that will need to be fulfilled for it to be practical , and remember that this depends on the device and software ; do your research before buying ( assuming you have not bought already ) . the requirements : 1: the device was launched with android 2.3 or earlier . 2: the device has an unlocked , unencrypted ( or unlockable ) bootloader . 3: ( pseudo-requirement ) the device had , at the time that android 2.3 was still important , an active development community . if you meet the requirements : you will have to do some google searching for various solutions . if you want . . . a stock device image ( not stock/"pure " android ) then you can find instructions generally by searching " unroot [ device name ] " on google and xda developers . a rom : go to xda developers or the popular dev community site for the device ( google is your friend ) and search for cyanogenmod 7 , or any other 2.3 rom . stock android : good luck . i do not think you will be able to find any flashable images with stock android 2.3 for non-nexus devices .
most honeycomb tablets should get ics officially ( unless the manufacturer has already moved on ) , or unofficially ( cm9 ) . not an exhaustive list , but the ones i know of are running today : motorola xoom ( source ) asus transformer ( source ) asus transformer prime ( source ) acer iconia ( source ) archos g9 ( source )
it may be because of permission issue . if you are rooted and installed custom recovery ( cwm recovery , twrp recovery ) there is an option in advanced . 1: boot into recovery 2: advanced ( cwm recovery ) 3: fix permissions it will fix permissions for all apps installed . try it . . or else provide more details like rom , root status , recovery etc .
something must have happened to your phone 's motherboard . better get it to the service center instead of browsing through the internet for a solution . you cant do anything about it .
if you have sync enabled in your mobile , then your phone book list will be automatically stored in your google account . go to "contacts.google.com" to find your contacts . else if you have usb debugging enabled in your phone , you can follow this link to unlock your phone .
there is a good comparison of the available software on syncdroid i have used the companion link trial . the sync worked fine , but the software on the phone was not that good . but there is a new version i did not try . i will try gsyncit next .
for others who are looking to move their contacts from a nokia s60 phone to an android phone , these instructions work well : http://www.upfrontsystems.co.za/members/gustav/the-perpetual-newbie-experience/how-to-move-contacts-from-nokia-phone-to-android-phone the idea is essentially the same , but the aim is to create a big vcard ( . vcf ) file containing all the contact details in place of the csv file . the part requiring a command line terminal can be replicated in dos/windows . instead of : cat *.vcf &gt; contacts.vcf  use : type *.vcf &gt; contacts.vcf  works very well .
your aim needs to be to get the contacts in to the google account that it is associated with the phone . once the contacts are in google , they should automatically synchronise to the phone . the first step is to create a csv from your outlook contacts : from outlook , do the following : File -&gt; Import and Export... choose Export to a file choose Comma separated values (DOS) select the Contacts folder choose a filename to export to and ok it hit next and then finish and let outlook create the file now that you have your file , you need to import the csv file in to google mail . log in to google mail in the normal way select Contacts from the left navigation bar from the top right , choose Import choose the csv that you just saved from outlook hit the Import button once that has finished uploading , your contacts should be available in google mail . they should automatically sync up to your phone within a few minutes .
the easiest way would be to synchronise your contacts with your google account ( you have one of those , right ? ) . if your account is signed in to that google account all your contacts will soon appear on that phone . something like oggsync might help , although i am sure there is others .
this is not an answer to your question , but it is worth clarifying that both operating systems are fully multitasking [ 1 ] under the hood ( insofar as they can and do run multiple processes ) . your question is clearly about application-level multitasking ( "can i leave one application running while using another ? " ) , which is a relatively new use of the term , and is not always well-defined , even if it does have some obvious examples ( like listening to pandora while reading email ) . specifically , many applications do not need to run in the background in order to present themselves to the user as if they had never stopped running , so long as they save/restore their state . applications which must perform periodic operations ( like checking mail or popping up alarms ) do not need to run continuously in the background either ; they can invoked occasionally by the os . the big issue is usually applications which need constant cpu while in the background , like pandora . in general , apple has worked much harder to discourage or prevent continuously-running background applications , whereas android seems more open to it . but they are converging , as apple allows apps like pandora to run in the background and android provides richer tools to discourage needless background tasks when polling or saved state would suffice . [ 1 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/computer_multitasking
as far as i can tell . the iphone multitasking is much more restricted . the multitasked activity must be one of the following : background audio voip background location push notifications local notifications task completion fast app switching [ thanks gizmodo ! ] android , on the other hand , allows for true multitasking in a similar way to a pc . before i get accused of being an android fanboi , let me explain something . the iphone multitasking model is more than sufficient for most situations and avoids a lot of the problems ( ie memory shortages ) that accompany the android system .
android has a different concept of application level multitasking than a pc . there is more of a disconnect between data , how to view the data , and how to operate on the data . you can only have one app view open at a time , but the operation on the data can be going in the background . this makes it tough for application developers to make it feel like the desktop when switching between apps , quitting apps , and starting new apps . it sometimes feels impossible to kill an app , but it also sometimes feels like it is impossible to switch to one task and back again . it depends on how the app developer did it . you can have as many background processes going at once , and they are scheduled like desktop apps . the linux kernel will choose how to prioritize which ones get memory and cpu resources . when the phone decides it is out of memory , it will start killing things to make more memory . this is done differently than the way linux or most other oss normally behave . the data of a program is always available . as long as the app has permissions to access the data , it is available . you do not need a service running in the background for it to be available . apple has very specific ways in which you can multitask . they are a subset of the ways that android allows . only specific types of apps can run in the background and they have to be specifically programmed to do so . a desktop is very different from both of these things . each application 's view , data , and data processing logic are often locked together . i would say that webos , symbian , and maemo/meego are examples of this on mobile devices . if an application does expose it is data and background processing to other " views " , it will tend to be a very special application .
rom updates from vendors/manufacturers/carriers usually evaluate checksums of at least the system partition -- which fails in case of applied modifications , such as required by rooting ( rooting needs to place at least the superuser apk on the system partition , and other root-apps may then add to it ) . i am not sure how this is handĺed by htc for devices " unlocked " via their " service " -- but in all cases i experienced , ota-updates failed due to the crc check . " un-rooting " will probably not help much : the system partition remains " tainted " . the only thing i know which should definitely help is flashing the original rom locally . as for me , i ended up using cyanogenmod on my devices , which runs quite smoothly ( htc buzz as well as motorola droid 2 ) . if you either have to flash ( the original stock rom ) , you might want to give cm a try . a good backup with titanium backup should take care for your data and make migration easier .
i use companionlink as my pim . do not get why it only gets 3.6 from reviews on google play , because it works great between my outlook 2103 and my android phone ( zopo c2 ) . i guess it may be that people will not read how to correctly set it up . if you have problems syncing it through usb because of driver problems ( and yes there is so many android flavors out there you will get driver problems some times ) just use the network feature to sync . i have not used other solutions since this work really great for me . /jj
as you are obviously running windows , you might want to take a look at myphoneexplorer and the myphoneexplorer client . this allows you to sync your contacts with outlook , gmail , windows contacts , thunderbird , seamonkey , lotus notes and tobit david , your calendars with outlook , google , sunbird , thunderbird , seamonkey , windows calendar ( vista ) , rainlendar , lotus notes , tobit david and net shared calendars ( webdav , ftp , local ) , sms and more as well , and offers many additional features .
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
after flashing a new firmware it is advised to perform a factory reset ( all your data will be lost , so take a backup . ) while the phone is off : press the volume up , home and power buttons together till it vibrates . now it has entered RECOVERY MODE . navigating using the volume buttons highlight the option wipe data/factory reset and press the home button to select and confirm it on the next screen . finally select reboot system now to restart the phone
there is an app that does provide that : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aoandroid.jiuboo.androidmanual_ms
you can download the documentation of ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) by the sdk manager . sdk manager--> android 4.0.3 ( api15 ) --> documentation for android sdk it will download all the documentation in &lt;android-sdk&gt;\docs of your pc .
you can find a pdf version for most sections that are built monthly with details of what has changed in the previous month . the website has been split into sections for each book . http://www.docand.com/ the sections are all available as a preview and as a download for free .
it is not the solution you are looking for exactly but an alternative way would be to use the code completion feature of the aide app , an android ide running on android . plus you can code during your metro rides and even meetings : )
there are two versions of the tablet , one with mobile network and one without . make sure you have the right firmware installed so that you get the right options .
there are multiple possible approaches : if you have google cloud backup activated on the " old " device , your wifi passwords have been stored along ( plain text , by the way ) . so starting with a new ( or factory-reset ) device , you should be asked on account creation whether to enable it here as well . answering with " yes " will restore several things even from your old device , including wifi passwords ( for details , please see google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? ) if both devices have root access , you can use either a dedicated tool like wifi pass recovery and backup , or straight go for a full-fledged solution like titanium backup if at least the " old " device has root access , you can obtain your passwords from their configuration file directly . they are usually stored in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf using plain-text .
it is based on content of site , if any site comes under categories : article , documentation , blog , news or same kind comes under browser reader feature , hope you got you answer .
well i found this to delete ( uninstall ) superuser : use root explorer and delete superuser . apk from the /system/app folder ( 1 ) . go to the android market and download and install super user . use root explorer again and delete su from /system/bin ( 2 ) . go to the market and uninstall super user . notes : ( 1 ) i use root app delete , but the idea is the same . ( 2 ) i try to delete but it is unsuccessful : ) i solve finally using this guide : http://www.androidrootz.com/2012/08/how-to-unroot-any-android-device.html resume : install es file explorer , install supersu start supersu in es file explorer start root explorer delete /system/bin/su delete /system/xbin/su uninstall supersu
if the device itself works as you suggest you might be able to access the recovery mode , enable usb and then download the files you need . however this will not be a usb sync access , instead it can be a fastboot or adb access . to do so take your desire which have to powered off and press and hold volume down . now start it up by pressing power . in the recovery mode you are able to enable usb access via adb . as the recovery mode uses only volume down , volume up and power it can be controlled even without seeing anything . you only have to know which keys have to be pressed in which order . this is of course the complicated part . i do not have an unrooted device with the original recovery here for giving you the orders which keys to press . may be you find an youtube video showing it or a very detailed manual .
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
there is a clipboard-related samsung firmware bug which is known at least since july 2012 and happens on multiple samsung devices with android 4.0 . x ( ics ) . it is reported to be fixed in jelly bean updates , but they may not be available for all devices which have this problem . other solutions discussed in the bug comments , such as removing everything from the /data/clipboard directory , require a rooted phone . the bug is also not present in custom roms which are not based on samsung touchwiz ( such as cyanogenmod ) .
the samsung note stores everything from the clipboard . i would imagine that months of old clipboard items may cause a problem eventually . you might try to double-tap a text field , select clipboard and delete old clipboard entries from there .
search and download unlocker or screen lock bypass app from internet ( which are no longer available in play store ) . push it to the system from recovery ( with update . zip ) . start the system .
turn off mobile phone and press volum up + home butten + power button press come out samsung logo and realse the samsung logo to boot in to recovery select the swipe default factory reset
try connecting to internet by pressing the on/off key and selecting enable data connection mode . . .
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
i installed all the updates that the market offered me after upgrading to ensure that i had the latest ( and presumably most froyo compatible ) versions of my apps , then made sure i had the mostup to date version of my side-loaded apps . nothing else , and i have had no problems since the upgrade .
you should not have to re-install anything . i do not recall any app having an issue from an os upgrade , except those that needed changes to work with 2.2 . since you are getting 2.2 so long after its initial launch i would expect all of those issues to already have been worked out .
if you go to Start screen / Menu key / Settings / About phone / Battery / Battery use you can see exactly how much different applications drained your battery since your last recharge . to stop application you can use the file manager astro or a task killer like advanced task killer .
all android applications have to be granted ' permissions ' . these ' permissions ' include internet access , gps , etc . you can see these ' permissions ' by going to the application in the market , hitting ' menu ' and selecting ' security ' ( i think ) . as for ' activating features ' , applications cannot activate gps or wifi if you have them turned off . also , gps , even when activated , is only ' awake ' when an application is polling for location , then immediately goes back to sleep . it is always good to remember to turn off wifi and other features you do not need when you are not using them , although android is very good about only using these features when necessary .
i faced the same problem . after rebooting for bout 5 times its working fine . and it has nothing to do with the settings .
it does not store creation time because unix filesystems ( generally speaking ) simply do not store this anywhere , and android does not seem to be any different . this stack overflow question has some discussion about this fact ( you can ignore the fact that it is talking about python - the answers are still relevant ) , and the man page for stat describes what times are typically stored in the data structure . as for the last accessed times . . . well it does keep track . try ls -l in any directory you have proper permissions for : if you have busybox you can also use the stat command for more detailed info . it also lets you use some additional ls flags like -u , -c and -t ( see man ls if you are not familiar with it ) . here 's a sample from stat:
from what i have read , which could be wrong , these buttons light up where there are notifications , do they stay lit when you clear the notifications too and turn off the screen ?
select version > = 4.0 and it will support the camera .
my first instinct is to tell you to find a theme where the " not connected to google " bars are painted the same color as the connected bars . of course that only works if you have a theme manager on your phone and can find one you like . or hell , make one .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
adding to what matthew read stated , it most likely will not unroot , but on top of that , it will not stop the damage that it has already done with your contacts or data . i mean if it collected contact data and personal passwords ect . then you need to start changing passwords and all that good stuff .
for that/those particular piece ( s ) of malware , the answer is probably yes . a factory reset cannot always undo rooting , but that is normally due to the more " invasive " methods used for a few hard-to-root devices , and not a simple common exploit like the ones probably used in these rogue apps . a factory reset should also wipe out installed apps ( including the malicious ones ) or , if they are stored on the sd card or something , at least reduce them to uninstalled apps just sitting there -- and they can not do anything unless the user reinstalls them . factory resets may leave the /system partition intact , however , and any malware could theoretically have replaced system binaries with malicious versions or something along those lines . i have not heard of malware that does this , but to be on the safe side you would want to re-flash your rom and not just do a factory reset .
might i suggest google play music ?
for adb devices to list your device ( and other adb commands to be able to work with it ) , you need to enable usb debugging in your android device . this will start the required services ( the adb daemon ) on the android device , which is what then responds to adb commands issued from your computer . besides : if you are not going to use all the development stuff from the sdk , but simply wnat to interact with your device using adb commands , you do not need to install the entire sdk overhead . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for details : )
i had issues like this with the android phones with my new belkin router , that i installed and set up yesterday . although not with our samsung galaxy tabs :- ) i tried your suggestion of setting the leasing to two weeks , this did not make any difference :- ( i resolved the issue by taking the channel settings off auto and wacked the channel up to 13 . the problem has resolved . i double checked and put the lease renewal back to forever , as the galaxy tabs have issues when the lease renews on any router . the issue is still resolved . :-d i hope that this helps :-d
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
what os do you have ? if using windows , then go to " folder option " > > " view " . then change these two settings : tick to " show hidden files " . untick " hide protected os files " click apply .
you could try installing the rescan sd card ! app and running it . you do not mention what phone you have sometimes you need to tell android to scan the sd card to pick up changes .
it is impossible to boot directly into cwm recovery by key combination . however one can boot into " download mode " ( as described in question ) and then ( re ) flash recovery with odin , this will automatically reboot phone to cwm recovery
it worked fine for me . obviously if you unmout your sd you can not use it , so , since you probabily want so save space , my advice is to download a small-size keybord and install it in the internal memory : trust me when i say you that can not using the keyboard is a big problem
which keyboard app are you using ? it does not break normally on sd card . i have used stock and swiftkey both on sd card . never cause any problem to me .
works fine on sd card , using swype on external memory .
instafetch ( lite / pro ) is a instapaper client that has both the ability to download the webpages for offline use , and to read them aloud with the text to speech engine . there is both a free and a pay version . ( btw : for text to speech i use ivona - it is free for now and produces amazing quality . )
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
i also had a boot loop today , after flashing semaphore 's clockworkmod recovery according to these instructions , then trying to boot to recovery mode . what helped me out was the hint at the bottom of that page : to use replicant 's recovery . img instead : heimdall flash --KERNEL recovery.img --no-reboot 
try clearing the gallery cache . go into settings-> apps and scroll over to show ' all ' apps . scroll down and open ' gallery ' if the ' clear cache ' button is greyed-out , then you will have to ' force stop ' the app first , then go ahead and clear the cache . exit out and try to open your gallery again .
adb sideload does not transfer the file to the sdcard permanently . to sideload correctly , you need to pick that option from the recovery first and then when the phone is waiting for the sideload type , adb sideload &lt;PACKAGE&gt;  if you want to push the file to the phone 's sdcard , you could try , adb push &lt;PACKAGE&gt; /sdcard/  that should copy the file over to the sdcard . keep in mind that there is no progress bar . edit : try the following to restart the adb server , adb kill-server  then , adb start-server  then check if the instructions work again .
you can turn 3g data back on through ' settings ' . go to ' settings ' go to ' wireless and networks ' somewhere near the bottom should be ' mobile network ' - enable it now you are phone should have both 3g and wifi enabled . if it can connect to a wifi , it'll use wifi ; otherwise , it'll fall back to use 3g . edit : as seth pointed out below , these instructions may differ slightly between android phones ( but should be relatively similar ) . instructions above are for the htc desire .
i am using samsung nexus s . i think most of the android phones are very similar . please follow the following steps ; go to " settings" ; go to " wireless and networks " scroll down to the bottom , go to " mobile network settings " . now you could enable " data enabled " option , which is the first option could be selected . then , you could access the network through wifi or 3g . good luck .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
google earth is definitely available , i can see it in my market right now , however it needs android 2.1 as a minimum to work , so if your phone is running an older version of the os , then you will not be able to see it as the market hides apps that it knows definitely will not work on your phone . see the note at the bottom of this page , where it says that it requires 2.1 http://www.google.com/mobile/earth/
if your phone is rooted and also if you flashed a clock work mod , then you can clear battery status by 1 . reboot into recovery --> 2 . advanced --> 3 . clear battery status
take a look at this setonbatterylocked method from android :
one thing that comes with android is the dialer . try to " call " *#*#4636#*#* . on most devices , this gives you the choice between " since boot " , " since last unplugged " , and more . admittedly , the graphics is not that nice as with your screenshot : )
to uninstall the package using adb , you need to use the package name listed in the manifest , for example : adb uninstall com.shadowburst.showr  you might also want to use the -k option to avoid deleting the app 's data when uninstalling . you can also uninstall apps from the settings app : click apps , find your app in the list , then click uninstall . this works even if the app was installed via adb or directly from an apk file . by the way , do not use de.rf as a package name , even if you own the internet domain rf.de . you want the package name to be something inside a domain you control , to ensure that it will not clash with another java package you write ( such as another app or a library ) .
you do not have to uninstall , when you install an app already installed , you have to use adb install -r . ( for more help , juste type adb ) to uninstall an app , you have to use adb uninstall package-name ( e . g . adb uninstall com.example.app ) .
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
if your device is not yet rooted , an alternative to alex 's suggestion of titanium backup ( which i would second otherwise ) would be to use adb backup ( creating a backup file for each app separately is important here , as adb restore just works per backup file , not per app ) , or one of its frontends . there is also the possibility to do that directly on the device , using e.g. helium backup . please also take a look at the backup tag-wiki for more information .
you can do it with titaniun backup , thought it is not sure that everything will work as expected . apps are the most problematic . some apps and games now store their data on google 's servers , though i do not think there are many that do that yet .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
thanks , it actually helped ! how to clean the mess in gingerbread contacts . the problem : some contacts were from google , some from phone only , some from skype and some from facebook . so the main problem was that there were contacts which were on the phone but not on google . more over it merged contacts from different services and sometimes incorrectly . i just wanted a universal set google contacts and nothing else . the fix : backup the contacts . in contacts screen > menu> export > sd card . unsynk from google and all other services ( skype , facebook ) : settings> accounts> click account> unsynk contacts only . delete all contacts : contacts> menu> delete> select all> delete . turn the sync back on . get an error message - sync has problems . find this message in the slide down are ( how do you name it ? ) - you grab the top of the screen , slide it down - there are messages . click on the error message . it says " too many deletes . " pick to undelete google contacts . done . result : only google contacts are shown . also , in settings , somewhere , there is a setting to save all new contacts to your google account ( not phone ) , do that . now all contacts are unified and under control . also restore the contacts from sd card ( contacts> menu> import> pick the file you saved , it has 0001 in it ) > this will create duplicates . ( give the sync few minutes to upload all restored contacts to gmail ) go to gmail , contact> remove duplicates , run it few times until all dups are gone . now it is perfect .
no , the phone is powered off , so no activities would be running to enable a transfer of files . you need to have it powered on .
i have got this working on a fedora 19 install , it is straightforward and worthwhile . . . install virtualization this is documented at https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/getting_started_with_virtualization install package group " virtualization " sudo yum install @virtualization  this installs packages virt-install , libvirt , libvirt-daemon-kvm , qemu-kvm , virt-manager , virt-viewer and deps start kvm and test $ sudo systemctl start libvirtd  ( if your distro uses the service command rather than new-fangled systemctl , you will want use that to start libvirtd instead ) verify that the kvm kernel modules were properly loaded : $ lsmod | grep kvm kvm_amd 55563 0 kvm 419458 1 kvm_amd  you can also verify using the virsh management tool $ sudo virsh list  this gives an empty list e.g.  Id Name State ----------------------------------------------------  you may need to log out and log back in . running the hardware accelerated device i then tried starting a virtual device ( having first downloaded an x86 system image using the sdk manager ) and it seemed fast ( started in ~10 seconds , and ui is snappy ) . however the loading dialog did not display the " hax is working and emulator runs in fast virt mode " message specified by the intel docs . do not be disheartened ; it is a nice thing to see not an end in itself . finesse running on the command line showed an error message . you can run the emulator on the command line in the sdk/tools directory , specifying the avd name ( same as you will see in the virtual device manager ) : [path/to/SDK/tools]$ ./emulator64-x86 -avd &lt;AVD name&gt;Nexus_S_4.0.3_x86 -qemu -m 2047 -enable-kvm  e.g. [path/to/SDK/tools]$ ./emulator64-x86 -avd Nexus_S_4.0.3_x86 -qemu -m 2047 -enable-kvm  this returned the error this can be fixed by adding the tools/lib directory to ld_library_path e.g. by running as [path/to/SDK/tools]$ LD_LIBRARY_PATH=path/to/sdk/tools/lib ./emulator64-x86 -avd Nexus_S_4.0.3_x86 -qemu -m 2047 -enable-kv  summary i am very pleased with how fast this is , and it is well worth the trouble . the emulator starts in 6 seconds on my unspectacular desktop , and runs as nicely as the real hardware .
i use many services for tracking the data related to my apps , for example : how many current active users and much more . for checking the performance of a specific app : if you want to track from your android phone you can use apps like this : app stats for android ( beta ) ( phandroid review ) . and a very great performance online monitoring tool is new relic . it can help you track down the realtime data just by including their small sdk in your app ( if you are a developer ) .
on appbrain , you can find the number of installs right at the beginning of the page for the app : on google play , you will have to scroll a little further down , as with the relaunch the summary has moved to a less ideal position : it is just a raw number of installs done via google play , and does not include other sources ( such as androidpit , pdassi , or amazon ) . i do not know how is dealt with users who installed an app and later uninstalled it , but that number should at least give you a raw idea .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
just . . . go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications select the all tab scroll down and find gallery open this entry , tap the clear defaults button
it is not the best i could do but installing brand new gingerbread ( obviously ) solved the problem
normally you would do this from Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . find the app in the list , click it , and choose clear defaults .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
depends how desperate you are for the files . so here is a way to get the files yourself incase nobody else loads up the actual files for you . you will need to do all this on a linux box of your choice . best way to approach this is to download your image file from google https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#hammerheadkrt16m as you can see at the moment there are two builds for the nexus 5 once you download that file unzip that file until you find the img files . there will be one called system . img which will probably contain the files you need . unfortunately the img is compressed any you will need to uncompress that image first . there is a thread over here that discusses this http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1081239 once you have the image that has been uncompressed you should be able to mount it on a loop back device mount -o loop system . raw . img mnt &lt ; - create the mnt directory first then that mounted directory should show you all the files
it works for me . i just tried using the " share " command to upload a geotagged photo from my android phone to picasa , and i can see the map on the picasa website . i am using an htc dream with android 1.6
this sounds a lot like an issue with cache . while the apps themselves can be stored on the sd card , cache that they produce might not . as i do not know what apps you actually have , i can only advise you to at least try and delete cache from various apps , such as twitter , facebook etc . to delete cache , do as follows ( this is for android 4.3 ) : settings -> more -> application manager here you should be able to click in on every installed app , and delete their cache . beware , tho , for something like calender and alarm clock apps , any set up serviced from them might reset ! this should not , however , delete the app itself .
i have had this same problem . to fix it i did the following : uninstall facebook , wipe dalvik cache via recovery , reinstall facebook , reboot device , sign in to facebook .
try switching back to dalvik --> install facebook --> switch back to art . it is working fine for me , i just happened to have installed it before switching to art
root phone delete all files in folder dalvik-cache reboot phone to regenerate cache this deletes useles cache
do not confuse the app-cache with the dalvik cache : app cleaner refers to the app-cache ( e . g . cached files from the internet , aka " webcache " , or from other components of the app ) , while the dalvik cache is .dex files are placed on app installation ( they are an optimized version of the app code ) . so basically you compare apples with oranges . as for your problem : e.g. titanium backup offers to cleanup the dalvik cache . there might be other apps available providing this feature ( e . g . systemcleanup ) , but in all cases this requires root -- unless you want to do a factory reset , which completely cleans the dalvik cache , amongst others .
viber support page mentions this : removing participants from a group participants cannot remove other participants from a group . each participant can choose to exit the group at any time . so it seems like your only choice is to exit the group and start a new one .
to answer some of your questions in your comments : the usb specification allows for a fifth channel , otg ( on-the-go ) , to negotiate master/slave relationships . some manufacturers remove the otg channel ( cheapo usb cables are notorious for this ) , and , subsequently , charging negotiation is halted if the device is trying to send data through it . some early samsung phones require the otg channel , and if your cable does not have it ( or it is a bad circuit in that one line ) , then it will not charge . very weird , but , some manufacturers do that .
in my experience , and my extensive reading on the subject , it seems to be related to the charger and not the cable , unless the cable is a non-standard usb cable . samsung does not use a special cable for their micro-usb chargers , only their old devices with the apple-like connector . the usb standard requires handshaking to negotiate more than 500 ma of current . this is not done in a standard way outside of ios devices , so not all manufacturers use the same methods . i believe some samsungs look for a certain voltage on one or two of the pins of the connector , and will not work with other chargers , but i am only guessing . what i have found with , for example , my galaxy tab 3 , is that there are some chargers that will not register no matter what cable i use ( including " charge-only " cables like from mediabridge ) , and other chargers that will not charge it at the full rate unless i use a charge-only cable . my wife 's iphone seems to charge from all the chargers , although i am not sure if it is at the full rate since i have no app to check . i should mention that most aftermarket chargers are designed to work with apple , and not necessarily android , so this is no surprise . my lg g2 , on the other hand , seems to be much less picky , and charges from most every charger i have . tl ; dr , a lot of chargers will not work well , and it is hard to know in advance whether they will .
most probably the usb cable is not supporting the samsung device . not all oem usb cables support other oem android devices . it may work with nokia usb cable but not with the nexus because the design of the pins is not matching . for this you cannot open the usb cable and change the design or something what you can do is to try another oem usb cable like nokia . it will definitely work . for more details check the answer
specification sheets lie , packaging lies , the mark stamped on the card itself lies . i have lost track of the number of " class 10" sd cards that only run at a couple of mb/s or the number of 8/16/32gb cards that have an actual capacity of 2gb ! if you really want to know how fast a card is ( and whether you have been duped with a card which is smaller than it reports and will thus corrupt your data when it gets full ) i would highly recommend testing every single sd card you buy . the best testing tool out there is h2testw on the pc . this writes a unique , verifiable pattern to the drive , completely filling it . since the pattern is unique , it can verify that the data read back is actually the same as was written and that the card is not reporting that it has a higher capacity than it actually has . since the class is related to the minimum write speed and sd cards get slower as they get full , this also ensures that you are testing speed under the worst case conditions . if anyone knows of a similarly robust and reliable android application to test the sd card in a tablet/phone directly , i would happily update my answer . there is an open source project called f3 ( which is short for fight flash fraud or fight fake flash ) which is very similar to h2testw for linux and mac , but i do not have any personal experience of this . it might however form the basis for an android port ( the source code is on github ) .
you can test sdcard speed in command line : adb shell dd if=/dev/zero of=/mnt/sdcard/test bs=512 count=2048000 rm -f /mnt/sdcard/test  that will write a 1gb file with zeros bits in sdcard .
an sd card class basically the minimum sequential write speed that the sd card supports . testing the class of an sd is quite easy , just copy a 1 gb file to an empty card and measure the time it took for the copy . a class 6 sd card should support at minimum 6mb/s . also check out the markings on the sd card , there should a logo like the following : the number in the logo describes the speed class .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
the first part of your question is tautological : if the phone supports sdio then yes , it supports sdio . the g1 and the " beagleboard " support it , i believe . as for the nfc chip , i would say that if it is not small enough already then it could be shrunk to fit . it is not a particularly complicated piece of electronics . i would see very little benefit in developing something like this , however . i do not think nfc will take off before the next 2 or 3 generations of phones ( if it does at all ) , so most people will be getting new ones instead of tricking out their old ones .
it can not be done from a application 's code ( background service or thread or whatever ) . reason is well described in this post , http://debuggingisfun.blogspot.com/2014/03/android-foolproof-low-memory-killer.html
rom toolbox pro by jrummy has built-in oom manager .
on xda i found a post discussing how to pin an app to not get killed by oom . as your question indicates your device is rooted , this could be useful for you . the principle described there can be applied to your case as well by simply changing the oom_adj value specified ( the -17 would permanently pin it , highest prio -- so use a larger value to " weaken " that ) . the script snipped posted there looks like this : #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.estrongs.android.safer) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj  now , as said , replace the -17 by your chosen value . also replace the app 's package name ( com.estrongs.android.safer ) by the package name of your target app . you can also lower the sleep value , or even ommit the sleep at all . now you need a way to auto-execute this as soon as your app is running . for this part , you could e.g. use tasker : context would be " app running " ( and your app selected ) , and the task " run shell " , with above script as parameter . then , as soon as you start your app ( and it comes to foreground ) , tasker would execute the script -- and the oom_adj value should be applied .
this problem might be caused by some third party application installed on the device . i faced this problem with quite a few applications like " fast file transfer " , " super beam " , etc . applications that require to use the wifi-direct feature seem to create the problem . i uninstalled both the applications and the device wifi was normal again after a reboot .
yes it will . i updated and now i have the new maps . knox security prevents you from installing any apks , and you can not kill knox , so if you do not want the new maps do not install the ota .
no , it will not update google maps . you will have to update that manually or through google play . however , after you download and install the ota update , you may receive a google map update notification . just make sure you do not set your google play apps to auto-update , so you can close / ignore those notifications . source : comments on cnet .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
check out withu app withu connects you with your family and friends in any problem . withu is an emergency app that , at the click of the start button begins sending out alert messages in every 2 minutes to your contacts that you saved into the app as the receivers or guardians . enter contacts numbers of people whom you wanna inform whenever you are in trouble . if you feel unsafe , distress , just press green start button , it will send sms ( with your location and time ) to the saved numbers . the message says " i am in problem . please help me . my location is ( your current location ) " . even if you have not internet connectivity , it send sms to your contacts with message " i am in problem . please help me " . you can place the button on your homescreen .
android 4.1 ( "jelly bean" ) has this . i just went to the " widgets " section , chose " photo gallery " , and from the popup , chose " choose an image " , which gave me the chance to ( you guessed it ) choose an image ; after cropping , that image is now just sitting there on my home screen . amusingly ( or infuriatingly , depending on your mood ) , tapping the image on my home screen does not , as you might expect , bring up the larger version of it in the gallery ; instead it brings up the larger version of some other image ( in my case , one that is in the same album ) in the gallery .
" usb storage " is the " internal " sd card i.e. the partition on the phone 's internal memory that is treated like an sd card for general data storage . " storage card " is your actual physical microsd card . the former is where the stuff moved via " move to sd " or " move to storage card " gets put . as for why it does this , android 's system for storing app stuff in user storage has not caught up with the concept of having more than one section of user storage .
it seems to be the . android_secure folder on your sd card .
i guess you have to read the " usb storage app " as the usb storage used by the app itself . so the code of the application . if your application would for instance start generating cache information , saved pictures etcetera . and if it would save that information on your storage card , then the information will be showed under storage card . so under " app " and " storage card app " is only the information and code of the application itself , not the information or data it generates . so in most case these 2 numbers will not change over time . and then under " data " and " storage card " information generated by the application can be found . either on the storage card or the internal memory ( depending on the application i guess ) . this is the information managed by the application ( local databases etc ) , so this will probably change over time , depending on the application in question of course . this is my interpretation of those 4 terms . and if i check for some applications i use , it looks like my interpretation is correct . it is certainly correct for the applications i created myself , so for these apps i know where what information is saved on the phone .
there is a timer included in the standard clock since android 4.2 . however , you can not store your timers with that one .
until android 4.2 there is no stock countdown timer , with android 4.2 there will be one . some alternative interfaces like touchwiz ( samsung devices ) have added a countdown timer for a long time , but stock android ( aosp ) had this first in 4.2 .
i have downloaded the free kitchentimer from googleplay that is available for android 2.1 and up . it has 3 independant timers that can give an alert sound and/or vibrate after the timer has finished .
there is not a countdown app built in to android , but there are a ton to choose from on the android market .
i have the htc amaze , my android version is 4.0.3 . it has a timer built into the clock screen tabs . so it may be dependent on your phone itself , not just the android version .
there is definitely a built-in stopwatch for android ( htc ) 4 . with my old android 2.3 , i used " stopwatch and countdown timer " . it seems complex , but it works well .
you could do this with picasa . simply create an upload account for the photographer , ( you could then upload from your computer or directly from your phone ) and choose to share the album or individual pictures with the viewer ( s ) via private link .
it looks like you will have to do a factory reset .
do you definitely have a sim in your device ? if you do not , then you cannot disable airplane mode . also , is the item in the power options menu and the wireless and networks settings menu disabled ? if so , it is likely a sim error .
i had the exact same problem in my galaxy sii since yesterday , this post was the solution http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
download the zip to your computer , boot up the phone in normal mode ( just press the power on button when turned off - no bootloader , fastboot or anything like that ) and connect it to the computer via usb . the phone memory that opens up on your computer is where you should put it . it really does not matter the exact location , as long you can access it later in the twrp recovery ( the download directory mentioned in the guide is also there ) . then you can proceed with step 10 ( or step 15 if you have already installed the twrp recovery ) .
i expect an app like tasker or locale could do this . there look to be some apps that can do this for you . a quick perusal of the appbrain market found this : htc 911 roaming assistant
just go to flight mode or remove the sim card when you are on roaming .
it is not available because you have an old version of the ti firmware in your sensortag . some months ago they added the " connection control service " to the sensortag firmware to enable oad with android . if your firmware is not recent , it has the oad service but not the connection control service , so you will have to use ios to to oad .
the " my number " is not actually stored on the phone , it is stored on your sim card . stock android can not edit this data . cyanogenmod can , so can iphones and blackberrys . if you can get your hands on one of these then just pop your sim into it and edit the " my number " field and bobs your uncle .
if you have not done a factory reset , the android operating system is still in the same state as it was when whoever owned the phone installed it . do the following to completely wipe the phone and thereby force the phone to recognize what phone# is relevant for the sim card inserted : from the main home screen , tap menu tap settings , then privacy tap factory data reset tap reset phone enter your password if required , then tap erase everything to confirm
found that and it works for making and ending calls . still looking for a way to mute microphone .
i would place the images in the /pictures folder , but there is no real ' best practice ' as far as i know . that is the fun thing about android , you can place the pictures wherever you want , you will be able the access them in every picture application . so you place them where you would think they belong , if you need them later . you can make the necessary folders and normally android will organize them according to the folder where it is in . at least that is the case on my phone , but i have another phone ( htc one x , so maybe htc added this feature ) . btw , I switched from iOS to android deserves a +1 :- )
please feel free to use a folder structure which suits you . it is better if you create a seperate folder for pictures , inside media folder or on the primary folder itself . ( where the folders such as dcim and media are located . ) as your title asks , there are no hard and fast methods to transfer data to your phone . standard file transfer safety measures apply . about keeping seperate folders , do not use too many folders which might result in slowing down the phone . no matter where you put the images , the album app finds them . ( just make sure that you do not copy them in to folders that you do not know of ) have fun with android .
i can personally recommend free forever gone ( sd card cleaner ) . it is not paid app and it has : much better rating no suspicious permissions 100x times bigger user base often updates
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
the picture you are looking for is /data/system/users/0/photo . png just delete it to get rid of it . god bless .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
op here . i used the info here to fix another ( relevant , if i remember correctly ) problem i had , then reinstalled the drivers , rebooted , set the phone to " camera ( ptp ) " mode , and let windows do it is " installing drivers " thing . it works now .
if you think this file is not pdf . . then downlad it on windows pc and open by notepad . first few letters in first row will tell you what format is current file . you can paste it here to let us see what is that . for example : %pdf-1.6
forgot i still had this thread open . it looks like i was suffering from a rather well known " feature " of android 4.4 ( i avoided it because running 4.2 , but i guess it applying to this version as well ) . after rooting i just had to go through this procedure to manually edit : /system/etc/permissions/platform . xml and reboot and now its working . yay .
i also have the a727 . : ) it appears that whoever designed the system should have been more careful with how he named stuff -- the internal hard drive is called " sdcard , " as you mentioned in your question . to use the sd card on your tablet , you need to hit the " sd card " button on the top of the screen ( using the built-in file manager ) , as in the picture shown below . there you can see the folder labelled " extsd " = external sd card . ( as opposed to the internal one ? ) then , when you open that folder , you can access the files on your sd card . enjoy ! : )
i am not aware of any app for android that can mirror an entire website . however there are plenty available for computers . i do not have experience with any of them , so i can not give you recommendations . a google search revealed a few candidates that could do the job . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] these should download the individual pages and the necessary resources like stylesheets , images and javascript files . after you have downloaded the site copy it to your sd card and use web server app to serve it locally . just open up your browser and point it to the web server 's address .
it works with opera mobile , it should be the same for opera mini . you can try this : go to the default android browser apps settings and click on " clear defaults " if settings in opera mini has a " set as default " check box , select it open a link with a browser and select opera mini as default if the above does not work : uninstall androids default browser
one can not simply uninstall android stock browser . because it should be installed as a system app . if you are rooted , then you can .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+™ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
steps i have used in the past for this kind of issue : check your usb cable - some are no good for data . ( this is frequently the issue when my computer can not see my phone ) reboot everything you say the drivers are not installing - what is the issue there ? try manually installing the drivers .
try to delete the gtalk application data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Application Settings choose the gtalk app and press delete data .
this sounds like an issue with summer time vs daylight savings time ? most parts of the world are still running on summer time right now , which is generally +1 hour to your actual time zone . as well as checking your phone 's time zone , check to see if you have the correct settings for summer time/daylight savings set .
if he can still access your email , you could send some url or image in a mail and check the ip or location from where its being accessed .
first of all there can only be one admin for a whatsapp group . if you choose to delete the group and remove yourself , one of the member in the group is selected in random and that member will become the new admin . in this case , somehow your account got deactivated . hence you were removed from the group . someone else in the group will be the admin now . since there is no direct way to transfer adminship of a whatsapp group , you can ask the current admin to add you back .
tap a photo so that the thumbnail views appear at the bottom . then long press on one of the thumbnails and you then get an option to select all additional hint : " select all " you will find in the upper option bar where you usually choose your album " favorites " . use the share-button and one of the given options to save the files to another folder ( e . g . use " es explorer save as"-option ) .
try soundwire or airfoil , although i am sure there are better programs out there .
as dev0 says , it is not possible over bluetooth . you need to stream it through your wifi connection .
dev0 and hello are correct - no you cannot connect using your android device as a a2dp sink given the standard android bluetooth stack . stack overflow user dennis mathews explains why : you may not be able to [ create an a2dp connection ] manually between 2 phones also because to stream one device needs to be a2dp sink and other other a2dp source ; phones are typically only source devices ( source of the stream that can stream to sink devices ) , sinks are headsets or bluetooth speakers . he and the op briefly discuss options for replacing the stack but their conversation dies without a concrete answer . . . as it seems several other similar questions around the web do . xda user zelendel , in general , is not very hopeful about the matter - when asked if it was possible to replace the bluetooth stack he responded : simple answer is no . you can try a cm based rom that gives you those options but the stacks can not be swapped due to driver problems . it is a give and take . the default has better strength and range but is missing a few unneeded option ( po ) , while cm uses bluz stack which gives you the option but you lose some bt signal strength and range . sorry , it seems to me you are out of luck .
it is not possible via bluetooth on android , only from phone to pc , not from pc to phone . . . but here are some solutions you may be able to use : the easiest way to do it is using this app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.georgie.soundwirefreerdid=com.georgie.soundwirefreerdot=1pli=1 another way to do it is to use splashtop remote , which uses your wifi or 3g to remote control your pc , and sends hi quality audio and video to your phone , but if you are on 3g it can use a lot of data , so it can get expensive . . . the next thing is to use airbubble app and airfoil to stream audio from pc to android device http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1051623 http://www.rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/windows/ i hope you found this useful . . .
i wrote wifi speaker which does what soundwire and airfoil do ; except it does it better . i feel confident saying its the best pc to phone app on the market right now . the interface is intuitive , there is a graphics equalizer display , audio compression , and some gui customizations . you can even select what audio format you want . all standard formats from 44.1khz to 8khz are supported . and its low latency . 50ms-200ms . i am done with the shameless plug . now go check it out !
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
yes , you can use an alternative lockscreen . something like widgetlocker , which happens to have an iphone theme . again yes , but you need an alternative launcher . for example , adw launcher , or launcher pro . you got it . i do not think so . it depends on what type of folders they are . filesystem folders are usually sorted by date or name . yes , but you need an app for that . try something like handcent sms . yes . tap their picture , and tap the phone icon in the popup that appears below ( or above ) it .
as your device is rooted i assume you can download nexus root toolkit to pull and push files , it automatically handles both , bootloader booting and fastboot , through adb , if however you did not have usb debugging enabled i cant help you .
all google services are accessible via ipv6 , since june 6 , 2012 . and yes , i have tried it myself . my own android is on ipv6 .
what might be causing this : the issue is with the new rom . what company it is of ? for example , i tried cyanogen 10.1 in htc hd2 , and it was running perfect . but had a little speed issue , as when i started gprs connection by sim card , the phone started to hang out . but that is not the subject . the main issue here is the internet connection . or the data connection ( access point ) error . you might be setting access point which are not correct . try to get some help from the network provider or read some blogs online , to check what settings would work for your phone . android phones have same settings all around , so that means a setting for sony xperia would work in samsung galaxy too . what you should do : i tried another rom in my current phone , qmobile noir a8 . it was letting me use internet before the rom update , so i was worried what to do ? as i was also able to use wifi , but not the data connection . so i first tried to do a factory reset . but all in vain , as i was having the rom that has been installed , and my stock rom was no more in memory . so i tried to get help from there site , incpak , no help ! then i tried to check my phone 's settings . in settings i saw that there is no access point set . so i entered the configurations of my sim card 's grps there , and restarted the data connections . bravo ! i was able to get the internet now ! : ) try to get some help from the people who created this rom , if this is a rom created by someone who said : " i will not be responsible if you brick your device . " then you have no idea what mess you are in to now . go find a new rom for your phone as this aint gonna work . but if you got a rom from someone like cyanogen then you can get some help by contacting them . or you try the first method i posted . i am sure , you will get set by that one . if not , then try to edit the settings . that is all what an android phone can get issues with .
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
the sync option only controls whether changes are synchronized to and from that device : that is , if you add or delete a contact on the device , this change is reflected on other devices , and vice-versa . disabling sync just means the contacts that have already been synced to the device will get out of date when you change them . to control which contacts are shown , you need to go into the people app , then choose contacts to display from the overflow menu ( the three-dots in the top-right corner ) . then choose customise from the contacts to display dialog , and you can choose which groups of contacts from which accounts to show . when you create a new contact , you can choose from the menu at the top which google account to create it in ( or to keep it on the phone only ) . it remembers your previous selection , so if you only want to use one account , you only need to set it once .
if this device acts as a usb keyboard , then you do not need a special driver . just be sure to set everything up before you start scanning : start an app that has some text input , and make sure you focus the text input field as if you are about to type in it .
this looks like you have a tablet with sim lock . you have to unlock your tablet to use another sim card ( or a sim card from another provider ) . you have to contact the provider which has sold the tablet for the first time .
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
your screenshot is information regarding a specific app on an android device and how much space that app uses . saving a text file in /mnt/sdcard will not have an effect on the numbers you see here . depending on your phone and what version you have , you can usually go to Settings &gt; Storage to see you memory usage .
if you like it the phone is rootable via vroot . i have tested it for myself and it works . just remember to replace the super user app with an english one after rooting . sorry i forgot the link . here it is http://vrootdownload.info/vroot.zip if adb drivers bothers you , use pda net http://pdanet.co/a/ sorry again one more thing , i honestly do not think that erodov . com method works . i failed to get it right on any device , but that trick of editing system files without root is great for changing the boot animation or installing sinhala fonts without busting the warranty
steps taken from http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html . many thanks to the author of that post . to verify adb is properly installed and that your device is recognized run adb devices  copy busybox , su , superuser . apk to /data/local/tmp/ using adb . these files are available in the superoneclick zip file . copy the needed files to the phone using the following commands adb push busybox /data/local/tmp adb push su /data/local/tmp adb push Superuser.apk /data/local/tmp  run adb shell adb shell  set the permissions to the copied files chmod 6755 /data/local/tmp/su chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/busybox chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/Superuser.apk  turn off your android device using the power button . now you need to reboot your computer into a linux distro which has a file manager . when you have booted into linux , open up terminal and open the file browser as root . now put your android device into download mode . for innos a35 press and hold the volume up and down keys at the same time for a while ( 5 seconds ? ) and while holding them plug in the phone to the usb port of the computer . now , a few drives will be detected from your phone and shown in the computer . this means you are in download mode . navigate to the folder where you copied files to the phone and verify that you have the files you sent to the device viz . su , busybox and superuser . apk move/cut-paste su and busybox to /bin/ move/cut-paste superuser . apk to /app/ now pull out the battery from your android device . now simply turn on your device . you must now have root . verify by running : adb shell su  read more : http://www.erodov.com/forums/how-root-any-android-device-manually/43325-page2.html#ixzz2s5wct78x
for posterity here 's what i did ( from memory , no guarantee the exact wording of the menu options will be the same ) : make sure you have android sdk installed and kindle drivers installed . open up devmgmt.msc ( device management window ) go to device tate-pvt-08 . right-click . click " update driver " . click " browse my computer for driver software " click " let me pick from a list of drivers on my computer " choose kindle fire 2 in the list that pops up . install adb composite driver . open up cmd with administrator privileges . go to sdk\tools in your android sdk . download http://fs1.d-h.st/download/00021/pv3/kf2_srt_10.2.3.zip ( kindle fire 2 images ) . unzip the file . follow the rest of http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035047 .
just want to point out that it is a little different from the accepted answer on my phone , although i could not have found it without the accepted answer . on mine , i : go to the phone app went to settings quick responses hope that helps .
1 ) go to phone app 2 ) tap overflow menu ( triple verticle dots ) > settings 3 ) tap quick responses
if you just want to disable the talk notifications and use messaging for everything , it should be as simple as opening google talk , going to its settings , then disabling im notifications .
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
you could use manual intent shortcuts . it offers to add a custom launcher widget that sends intents defined by you . to launch the voicesearch settings window , do the following : add a new " manual intents shortcut " widget to your home screen enter a name action = " android . intent . action . main " component package = " com . google . android . voicesearch " component class ( fqdn ) = " com . google . android . voicesearch . voicesearchpreferences " leave all other fields empty , uncheck " broadcast " you now have a shortcut to the settings window you want . ps : i used apktool to inspect the androidmanifest . xml in voicesearch . apk ( system app , you need root to access it ) which lists this activity .
another possibility : gesture search it searches contacts , apps , bookmarks , files , and settings . by the time you scrawl out V O I you should probably see the voice setting you need .
yes , it is possible to add a shortcut to a settings menu , but probably not as " deep " as you had like . long-press on a screen and select " shortcut " in the menu that pops up . then choose " settings " and then the settings menu you want .
the app any cut allows you to create home shortcuts to anything !
tried desktop virtualizer app , to create your own custom shortcut ?
please follow the following steps login to google wallet click on Payment Methods on the card which you want to remove , click Remove confirm the prompt for card removal this should remove the credit card from google play store .
well , it is open source so you can look at the code and build it yourself if for any reason you do not trust the binaries that are shared . i believe the only data they collect is from crash logs , and maybe the number of installs ( i can not find a source for this if anyone can help me out here ) . other than that , a lot of people use it as it is probably the most popular rom out there . if there were privacy issues , people would be all over it .
i would say the biggest issue with a lot of custom roms including cyanogen 's is that the os and system apps are signed with test keys . these keys are publicly available , meaning that it is possible for someone to write an app that uses " signatureorsystem " or " signature " level permissions . there are known cases of malware that targets these custom roms [ 1,2 ] . on a more positive note , if you run a rooted devices , you can do things like set up a host file to block ads , enable a firewall per application , selectively disable permissions , etc . custom roms often ship with newer kernels , so a lot of security vulnerabilities that are kernel-based are dealt with faster than what google can do . [ 1 ] http://www.cs.ncsu.edu/faculty/jiang/fjcon/ [ 2 ] http://blog.mylookout.com/blog/2011/06/15/security-alert-malware-found-targeting-custom-roms-jsmshider/
i have been looking for automated network switching for years , and i had always thought that this kind of behaviour was only possible using cyanogen ( or similar ) roms . anyway , i recently found some threads on xda that suggest that this might not be true . first , it seems that in sony devices it is possible to tweak the system to show a 2g/3g toggle : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/serajr-power-toggles-brings-settings-to-the-small-app-world/ and there is also this other thread that shows you how to " open " any rom ( even stock ) so 2g/3g switching is possible . i do not fully understand the process , but as far as i see it should even work with tasker : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1731187 all methods require rooting the phone , though , which i think is unavoidable .
you can create a shortcut with any autotouch automation application that does this and place shortcut on your home screen
with xposed module and gravity box installed , the pull down status bar can be customised even on stock rom ( of course it has to be rooted ) . i have a nexus 5 running stock 4.4.4 and following is how it looks : with these installed , one can swipe down with two fingers from top and just tap the last tile shown as "3g " in the image . though this nearly misses the first requirement of using no more than one tap , technically it still does as you have swipe down and use one tap . that tile toggles between 3g , 2g , 2g3g states . there is a minor lag to see the signal strength tile to reflect the status as " h+" or " e " . by installing the gravity box , i was also able to bring in the additional tiles like " torch on/off " , " auto rotate lock " etc which were not available in the stock rom . update : thanks to jsen who was kind enough to share an intent to switch between 2g and 3g using tasker and gravity box ( that implies xposed framework and rooting ) . to avoid a dead link in future , the content of that tasker hack is as below : in my office , i have very bad 2g signal which drops my call very frequently . hence i used to switch to 3g when i reach office . i created an entry task named " enable 2g " and an exit task named " enable 3g " which just sends intent as above . with tasker 's " cell near " state i can ask tasker to enable 3g when i am near office and switch back to 2g while leaving .
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
you would have to use your emergency backup codes you should have printed out : backup code page . these are one-time use codes that google recommends you print for emergencies to access your google account to unlock your phone . additional information for methods of gaining account access .
to regain access to your phone , first you have to regain access to your account on a computer . like dylan said , this can be done using your one-time backup codes . ( you saved those codes , right ? ) once you have done that , generate a new application-specific password . ( https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens or account settings -> security -> 2-step verification settings -> manage application-specific passwords . ) use this new password to log into your phone . you can safely revoke the old application-specific password that you had previously used on your phone .
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
barring mounting the share as a filesystem on a rooted device , i do not believe this is possible without a third-party app . you can use es file explorer to connect to the remote directory . there is a detailed how-to on the xda developers forum , which also includes the steps for sharing the directories from various versions of windows . since you already have the windows shared folders working , here are the steps for es file explorer from the afforementioned xda developers thread and detailed in these screenshots from the thread . open es file explorer tap " lan " option ( assuming you are connecting to a server on your lan ) to enter the " lan shares " section of esfe . tap the " new " button to add a server . tap the " server " option . enter your server 's information , including the username and password you intend to use ( make sure you use an account that has the access you need ) . tap the newly created server in the lan shares area to get to the shared folders on that server . editing files on your android device will be a little tricky . es file explorer is the only app which can actually manipulate files over the network . if you open the file in another app , then esfe will export the file to the app and another file will be created . you will need to move the file back to the share , using es file explorer , in order to update it on the server . i use es file explorer as an example . there are probably other apps with similar functionality .
as you explicitly asked for the " alternative solution " ( as said , there is no native variant i know of – but mounting the remote drive to your android device makes it available almost like local storage , so you could edit files directly ) , here are some hints on that . not however , that all these solutions require root access on the device . the playstore holds apps like cifsmanager and mount manager . i have not tried either of them , so all below is only deduced from their playstore description : cifsmanager should be easier to use , as its only requirement is root access – while mount manager notes special requirements regarding the kernel . both support cifs ( or samba , which is the protocol used for windows shares ) . so you can use them to directly connect ( "mount" ) your windows shares to your android device , where they should become visible as separate folders ( again , you can configure the location ) . as the system then handles them as it would any local " drive " , you can directly edit your pdf ( or other ) files – and when you save your edits , they should be directly stored back on your windows share .
try hard reset . with the device off , press and hold volume up and power . release the power button when you see the samsung logo , but continue to hold volume up until the recovery screen appears . use the volume buttons to navigate the menu and select wipe data / factory reset . press home to choose the selection . press volume up continue . note : these steps clear data from the device . sd card data like your photos and music are not erased unless you choose to format the sd card .
please note that this answer is more of a workaround than a direct solution . see my other answer for a suggested direct solution ( it basically says " try rebooting " , though ) . since you are on the stock launcher ( which , if i recall correctly , does not allow you to remove that search bar ) , the best answer i can think of is to try installing an alternative launcher . i personally use nova launcher ( the $4 " prime " version actually ) . after installing the new launcher , most ( nova included ) will give you an option to import your old icon layout if you want to . but by default , you are basically given a clean slate . i usually recommend nova because it nearly mimics the default launcher ( no crazy features or surprises ) and adds a few nice features - my favorite is that it has an " uninstall " drag-area that lets you uninstall an app without going to its settings/info page . other alternatives that i have played with include . . . go launcher , [ free , optional $6 upgrade ] supports countless themes and skins , but has a somewhat different look and behavior compared to stock . adw launcher , [ free , optional $3 upgrade ] one of the most mature custom launchers available . it is closer to the standard launcher than go is , and supports a huge number of themes , icon packs , etc . next launcher , [ free trial , full app is $16 ! ] a very different launcher with 3d effects and such . the full version is pretty expensive , but i guess it would be fun to show off to friends and such ( i do not know how user-friendly it actually is ) . espier launcher [ free , $8 upgrade for the new ios style ] is a launcher that tries to mimic ios 's springboard , and succeeds to a surprising extent .
note that my other answer is more of a workaround ( but also something recommended by many even without problems ) that is almost guranteed to fix the problem . this is a direct fix which will most likely work , but i can not say that with absolute certainty as i can not recreate the situation myself . after some googling , i have noticed that your icon ( as you point out already ) is off-center and missing its text label . rather than the icon itself being stuck , it looks like what you are seeing is a stuck graphical artifact . this has happened to a few other users on other forums , and rebooting the device seems to be a fix for them . whether this works for you or not , i am posting it as an answer for the sake of future internet travelers who stumble upon this question .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
it might be possible with android 4.4.2 kitkat since they enabled the card emulation feature . refer to the documentation will help .
generally no , unfortunately android phones can not be used as a card easily as phones running the stock os can not emulate a card . this is due to restrictions put in place by the android operating system rather than the underlying hardware . see also this and this where i have answered other similar questions . saying that it depends on what you are using as an rfid timeclock . if you were making your own then you could use android 's nfc peer-to-peer mode to talk to the clock . another alternative is instead of using the stock android os is to use cyanogenmod which does allow for emulating certain card types .
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
you can also assign your custom application to search+key : [ source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=26105269postcount=3 ] must be using either nova or apex launcher long press on home screen and select shortcuts select activities ( for whichever launcher you are using nova or apex ) scroll down and select settings scroll down and select quick launch ( the first one ) and it should create the shortcut icon on your desktop
on the forum of xda developers , an unofficial version of lbe is available . it works very well on 4.1.1 and 4.1.1 , at least on my galaxy nexus , and people on the forum are enthusiastic about it too . many people are using it . i appears to be the chinese version , which is still under active development and up to date , but translated by volunteers on xda . highly recommended . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
if your previous device was setup to backup your personal data such as wifi passwords , browser bookmarks , user dictionary , a list of installed market applications and other customized settings , all is backed up to google 's servers . the automatic restore feature must be enabled to allow your phone to contact google 's servers an retrieve the previous backup data . so , carefully , access the settings panel by : stating at your home screen , select apps ; select settings ; go to personal section , select backup and reset ; from the backup and restore section configure what you need : ensure the appropriate account is selected from the backup account field before attempting any configuration settings . some important considerations : a setting is enabled when a check mark is present . if data back up is disabled , existing backups are deleted from google 's servers . useful and related reading : backup and restore service : android google backup and restore options - galaxy nexus by samsung
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
i just had a look and found several apps that i would never installed because they were pre-installed on one of my devices . i think that these may be apps that came with one device or another , but that you never noticed or made use of . in my ' other apps ' , i can see several pre-installed apps that i have disabled on my acer tablet . i suspect you are seeing the same thing , but that you paid even less attention to the pre-installed stuff than i did .
you can play movies straight from google play after you have bought them ; music , go to music . google . com and you can stream and download your music . if you want to get the hd versions , you can download on your phone/tablet and then pull it , i think . never actually tried it with movies , but i have done it with music before .
the little arrow with the - means that you have status bar notifications disabled , which is why you are no longer seeing them . if you pull down the notification shade and then swipe the buttons to the right ( i believe it is to the right anyway , check both directions ) there should be a toggle to re-enable them :
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
i have found a slightly modified , adapted version on google play that works well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.concentriclivers.calendar
how do i find out the amount of memory allocated to each application in any smartphone ? call getMemoryClass() on ActivityManager , which returns the heap limit in mb .
looks like you are not the only one with this problem . a simple reboot seems to be working for most people , with some having to do a factory reset . if you have to do that , do not forget to use an app such as titanium backup to back up your apps first .
to add to the answer above : titanium backup from play store you can install this , and it will have root > ok "-> tap for more information &lt ; - . " once you click on this it will display whether your root is correct and your current busybox version . alternatively , using terminal commands like in the accepted answer , you may need to enter the superuser command first with " su " in the terminal emulator of your choice . the prompt will change to a # sign to show you are now in superuser . the alternative sudo , will give superuser on a command by command basis , e.g. sudo busybox . as with the op , sometimes reflashing the rom is the easiest or you can use the busy box installer from play store . ( i have not tried this personally )
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
i had the same problem , tried cleaning cache and data with no result . so i went in settings > applications > manage apps > all , picked the download manager and " uninstalled the updates " . it told me the app would reset to factory settings , and when i started the phone again , it was running marketplace 3.4.4 and i managed to update and install apps normally after that . disclaimer : i only tried that because i planed to do a factory reset if i broke everything . i do not guarantee the results .
i have found no hard evidence for or against it , it is basically down to the bluetooth stack implementation . the bt stack needs to weigh power consumption vs availability requirements for the operation it assumes the user wants to perform , so it attempts to turn off both transmit and receive circuits whenever possible . the ideal case is when two devices are connected , and neither expects any other devices to show up ; being " connected " means that the devices have synchronized clocks and agreed on duty cycles . for an idle headset , it is totally acceptable if it listens for a short period once every second , as the user is unlikely to answer the phone any faster ; if there is work to be done , the phone will send a packet instructing the headset to keep its receiver on . going to connected state from power-on is more difficult , as you have two devices trying to minimize the duty cycles on their transceivers while they still need to find each other ( and cannot assume synchronized clocks yet ) . how devices behave now largely depends on how much power they have available and what their purpose is . a headset will assume that it is being turned on in reach of a phone that it is paired with , so it will listen continuously if one of the devices in its pairing list speaks up ; if so , it will reply with a connection setup packet ; after a few seconds , it generally gives up and goes to a low-power mode , assuming that it was turned on inadvertently ( e . g . in a handbag ) . a car hands-free set has lots of power available , so it can listen and actively probe for paired devices continually . being " discoverable " only means that certain broadcast packets are replied to if they are received ; otherwise , only unicast packets directed at the device are considered . this setting is technically independent from the power policy , but these are often set together by a middle layer responding to an ui request .
device in discoverable mode does drain more power . the following thread will help you : turning bluetooth " discoverable " on .
1 ) take the s3 's battery out for 30 minutes . 2 ) then , reinsert the battery and use samsung odin to wipe the s3 and install a new android firmware by doing : a . if you have not installed the usb drivers for your s3 , then install samsung mobile phones usb drivers 1.5.33 . exe . otherwise , skip this step . for windows os , you can download the samsung usb drivers for mobile devices here ( using bittorent ) , or here ( straight download ) . b . shut down your phone . c . boot your phone into download mode i.e. hold volume down + home + power buttons down simultaneously . then , press volume up button to initiate download mode . d . plug in phone 's usb cable : one end into your phone 's connector and the other to your pc 's usb port or hub . e . open odin3 ( this version runs in windows only ) and check only " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " options . note : download odin from here . f . click the " pda " button and select " . tar " . then hit the " start " button and wait . g . once odin3 signalled " pass ! " , unplug phone 's usb cable . your s3 now has the new android firmware . 3 ) once the firmware is installed , do a factory reset . 4 ) wipe internal sd card , too , in case of rogue softwares lying around . 5 ) if you have an external microsd card installed in your s3 , wipe this card as well . note : backup any personal files ( photos , music , etc ) before the wipe .
burn the hardware . if it is dug itself in deeply enough to survive a factory reset and installing a new os from scratch , then there is no way you can trust this hardware again .
it does not make the app use external storage . the built-in move to sd functionality only moves the application package file itself to the external storage . if you want the app to not use the internal storage you will need to root ( and possibly install a custom rom . ) depending on your rom you will have several options to do what you want but virtually all of them require you to partition your sdcard in a special way ( usually the custom recovery can handle this . )
it seems that ics does not have native support for wma files . you can use an app like mx player ( or its pro version ) to play wma files .
a bit of a workaround , but . . . if the music ( . wma ) files are part of your music library then you can sign up to google 's " play music " and upload all your library to the cloud ( 20,000 songs for free ) . the resulting streamed music appears to be in a format that the device can play . the " play music " app still can not play . wma files directly that are stored on your device . however , the streamed music is saved/cached and plays offline . the " music manager " that runs on your pc uploads all your music tracks ( . wma files ) to the cloud . however , it does not upload songs that are already in its music library . i thought this was maybe the key - that the same song already exists in a compatible format in google 's storage - but it works with any . wma file , even files i have recorded myself . edit : if i download a track , that was originally a . wma file , from my cloud library on the web then it downloads a . mp3 file . this is the same for all . wma files - even files i have recorded myself , so google must convert them .
i have recently started trying to teach myself how to ( properly ) use tasker so thought this could be a nice little project to try . harder than i thought . i could not manage to do exactly what you want and it is a pretty crude method but i will continue anyway . i thought if i put it out there , someone with more experience with tasker may be able to improve it . so i started by creating the task " delete last photo " . fortunately , doing this with tasker is very easy as it has a build in variable Last photo . now the hard bit i found was choosing a trigger . ideally it would be when you get confirmation of upload ( tasker does support http responses but that stuff is way over my head , if it is even relevant ) or when a photo is taken ( which i could not find as an event within tasker ) . so the way i settled on , and here comes the messy bit , was to have it run everytime the screen is turned on . i know this is a very poor trigger ( e . g . if you have no network connection it will delete the photo without uploading it ) but i could see no better options within tasker . i know this is far from the answer you will have been wanting but as there have been no other ( proper ) answers i thought i would get this in there , may give you or someone else a better idea .
just delete them from the gallery . i do not think there is a built-in function to do this .
the same happens for me . when i use the ' fastboot boot * . img ' command from my pc , the nexus s boots into some ( e . g . netarchy ) kernel , and everything except wifi works . i assume the problems lies with some kernel-modules ( which can actually be on the device memory , outside of the kernel ) which do not match the new kernel . since some of the modules ( e . g . for the gsm/gprs radio ) are closed source , they are not updated to match newer kernels . so you could try older kernel versions , or wait for updates from samsung
i fixed this by restoring only the android " boot " module from the original rom backup : i used the clockworkmod recovery which can also be installed from the rooted phone using the " rom manager " app . but instead of making a whole recovery , i simply went into advanced recovery options , selected the above mentioned backup folder , and selected to restore only the " boot " module : start clickworkmod recovery , select " backup and recovery " select " advanced recovery " select the image of the original backup ( see below ) select restore boot this post describes how to restore your nexus s to original stock android and provides a backup of the original rom : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
got it fixed :d with thanks to izzy and chahk i did a lot of things so i am not sure if i write down every step i took , but i hope it will help other users someday . this is what i did . restore manger install a restore manager ( twrp/clockworkmod ) . i used twrp which i installed by using windroid universal htc toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2499926 ( if you still have a working rom , backup this now by booting in recovery mode ) flash rom check in cmd if your device is recognized with " adb devices " . if not try " adb kill-server " followed by " adb usb " . check again with " adb devices " . if recognized use " adb push cm-10.2.1-enrc2b . zip /sdcard/" ( or your own rom-name . zip ) flash kernel now you should flash your kernel , not like how i did it at the beginning . " fastboot flash boot boot . img " in cmd . ( check first if your device is visible with " fastboot devices " . extra tip install playstore with gapps or manually by moving " gmscore . apk + googleloginservice . apk " + " googleservicesframework . apk " to /system/app/ and run a playstore . apk ( in my case " com . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk" )
after some experimentation : the evo on sprint can playback youtube over wifi . the problem is likely some domain being blocked by the hosting wifi network which is necessary for the youtube app .
that must be a carrier restriction , as i am able to playback videos on my moto droid v1 on verizon form the youtube app regardless of which network i am connected to .
i just had the same problem today . i went through all the steps you did as well , but eventually , had to resort to the factory reset to get it to stop forcing the airplane mode on me . hope someone can figure this out so i dont have to keep factory resetting should it happen again .
i had the exact same problem since yesterday , but my mobile is galaxy s2 , this post was the solution : http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 i am not sure if it will work on galaxy s , but would not harm to give it a try the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
i figured out you can not have your screen lock security as a pattern . it can only be swiped to change the clock .
you can customize these clock and date styles only if the screen lock is Swipe . even you can choose between Analog and Digital clocks and much more . if screen lock option is Pattern/Password , this clock/date styles can not be changed .
here is what i did : unzip O2U-I9300XXUGNA5-20140224162541.zip tar xvf ../I9300XXUGNA5_I9300O2UGNA1_I9300XXUGNA8_HOME.tar.md5  vol down+ home+ power vol up+ home+ power Wipe data/factory reset Wipe cache partion.  vol down+ home+ power a big thanks to @avirk for pointing out that stock roms must be installed with heimdall/odin and not with clockworkmod recovery/adb .
you can not install the stock rom zip like as custom rom . extract the stock rom zip and you will get the . tar pda file to flash via odin . download odin 1.85 and also install samsung usb driver and then reboot your phone in download mode by pressing three combo key vol down+ home+ power button . now connect it to pc while odin is opened on pc . now your phone should show up on some port and usind pda button and browse the firmware you extracted from the zip on pc and select it and flash . you will loss the root by doing this and also all data will be wipe out .
okay . . . this is a common problem with an easy solution . . . . so first of all you need to make sure you do nothave any firewall , driodwall app cause they block the media server which is heavily needed by youtube . secondly if your problem is not solved try installing the latest flash player . also , if you are on wifi , go to the settings of the wifi you are connected to , open up the settings , advanced settings , and then i . p settings then select dhcp . if you are on data go to the settings and try ticking/unticking the apns on the wap of your operators . . . .
i believe it is for displaying photos , videos , etc . uploaded by the contact on facebook , twitter , et al . edit : confirmed , it shows facebook photos uploaded by my contacts from facebook .
i do not really know what caused this problem . i had to unlock the bootloader and sideload with adb . this involved completely wiping my tablet . here are instructions . now my tablet updates just fine .
q- what is an assert script ? a- all it does is check to make sure you are flashing the rom on the correct device . how to fix android custom rom status 7 installation abort assert failed error in recovery easily [ ultimate guide ] : http://mobotechie.com/tips-tricks/how-to-fix-android-custom-rom-status-7-installation-abort-assert-failed-error-in-recovery-easily-ultimate-guide assert failed [ solved ] : http://forums.androidcentral.com/optimus-v-rooting-roms-hacks/182438-solved-assert-failed.html thanks for those cool guys , and good luck .
you can download this app from the google play store , called soft buttons light . it really works , even on htc chacha .
i have followed this tutorial on my tf101 http://www.transformerforums.com/forum/asus-transformer-tf101-development/31927-frederuco-s-guide-root-rom-tf101.html and it works by the way , are talking about the tf101 ?
step 1 : download and install the android sdk , connect your device , and start adb : as of this stage , it shows one icon in your system tray . step 2 : enable usb debug mode click the system tray , wireless icon , settings and go to Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB Debugging . step 3 : play ? [ screen 1 ] [ screen 2 ] [ screen 3 ] Done. Your tablet is now rooted. Enjoy!. $ ./adb shell # su #  that works ! you are now rooted .
when i connect my samsung spica to my gentoo laptop , i get this in dmesg: after enabling usb mass storage in the phone ( the phone should prompt you on the notification bar ) , i get this messages : at any rate , these messages pointed me out which device file i should mount to mount the phone , in my case the device file is sdb , i simply create the /mnt/spica/ directory and do mount /dev/sdb/ /mnt/spica/ . note though , if you used gnome and the gnome 's auto mount is set up correctly ( i.e. . it should just work out of the box , unless you disable it ) , then this all should be automatic . when i am on gnome environment , gnome will usually prompt me to mount the phone on /media/ and the phone should show up on Computer like any regular usb stick . the phone is charging while connected to linux , so i know there is some handshake between the host and the device . the phone can charge on any powered usb port , it does not need to do any handshake for charging .
click gallery > click any folder , e.g. camera > click any photo now the photo is shown full screen . click slideshow in the left-down of screen . ( it may be hidden . touch the screen to let it show . ) ( after a while ) touch the screen to stop rolling .
the play store app has two main features regarding nfc , both of which require the nfc permission . it registers intent filters such that when you scan an nfc tag with a market:// link or a link to play.google.com , you get the play store app instead of a browser , the same way you would when you click such a link . this does not require calling the getNfcAdapter function , but it does use the same permission . it uses android beam . if you look at an app 's page in the play store app , then bring another android device to nfc range , you can send that app link to the other device .
[ . . . ] if it finds an aar , it starts the application based on the package name inside the aar . if the application is not present on the device , google play is launched to download the application . from : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/nfc/nfc.html#aar so for example , stores and companys can use a nfc tag to make it easy to install their apps when you put your mobile on it and so on . . -the second and more likely possibility is that the google play store checks if you can download compatible nfc apps . the same way as it checks your android version . here is a dev sight on it:stackexchange-url
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
overview this is caused by the results screen . quizup will download each match question as a screenshot instead of rendering it on the client 's side . not only does this result in a lot of additional mobile data usage but it also takes up a lot of space on your device because all screenshots are cached . unfortunately there does not seem to be any limit to this caching and there is no way to turn it off from the app itself . fortunately there are two workarounds . workaround 1: clearing the screenshots cache manually navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ on your file explorer of choice and delete the screenshots folder . this will only affect the screenshots cache . as oposed to clearing the app data from the apps menu all user data , e.g. your account and settings , will be preserved . workaround 2: disabling screenshot storage navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ with your favorite file manager . delete the screenshots folder . then proceed to create a new empty file called screenshots . from now on no screenshots will be saved locally . they might still be retrieved and continue to cause high mobile data usage , though . the downside to this method : the match questions section on the result page will stop working . sources http://www.reddit.com/r/quizup/comments/2059bb/data_usage/
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
Settings -&gt; Sync -&gt; Google : untick gmail . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Gmail : clear data , uninstall updates , disable .
some of samsung devices does not support arabic even if it have ics ( android 4 ) , this usually happens if you ordered your device from outside ( like from amazon ) , if you want to add arabic , you will have to flash a rom that supports arabic ( like the official uae rom ) , if you bought the phone from an arabic country , talk to the salesman . for the keyboard just install any other keyboard from google play ( e . g go keyboard , swiftkey . . . etc )
if you have android 4 , arabic is already supported . you need only to get to setting then language system wide and change it to arabic or any other language . unfortunately you can not have the option of arabic with arabic-western numerals 123 . they only have the stupid option : arabic with hindy numerals .
ics supports arabic , and you can add keyboard languages from the settings of the device
is there no way he can access the whatsapp group maybe over wi-fi , and then promoting you to the group administrator ?
your friend need to change the whatsapp number first . whatsapp -> settings-> account-> change number . . . and follow instructions . next step add the one who needs to be the admin to the group ( here you ) ( skip this as you are already in the group ) . remove all others except you and the present admin ( your friend ) from the group . now your friend ( present admin ) needs to ' delete and exit ' the group . now the one who is left will become admin . add all your friends back to group . voila :- ) source
i spent a long time trying to umts manager and xda forum script , but i realized that when the app was active , the script runs fine ( the ping give a good request ) , then i thought the script needed more time to connect so i make a little modifications to the file " system/etc/ppp/peers/conf-chat " replacing all the " timeout 3" by " timeout 0" . then in the gscript mod app i change in the inet-on script the sleeps in the for statement ( that was setting in 3 ) for sleep by 5 . when i make these little modifications the tablet connects and surf in the internet like a charm ! please , sorry for my english and for answer my own question in this way but i think could be another guy with the same problem .
i will recommend dialer one . i am 99% sure it can show contacts without pictures . it has lots of customization options , t9 search in contacts in slew of different languages . i have 900+ contacts and is really fast , i hope it works that way for 2000 contacts . be sure to fiddle with the options after giving it a try .
can you get to it from the all apps button in the lower left corner ? i have had to remove an app from the home screen and re-add it , although for me it is only been after upgrading it . but if you can get to it from the all apps drawer , then you should be good .
i have found the same problem , and just figured it out . i luckily have the digital clock on my wallpaper . i tap it and my clock and alarm come up . i can then adjust whatever changes i need .
there is an over-the-air downloaded today to get alarms back . yea ! go to settings &gt; Download updates &gt; Check new
i asked verizon and they said it is because of an update . there are lots of complaints about the same issue and until another update is released there is nothing you can do , not even a factory restore .
no need for a factory reset , friend . all you have to do is go to settings> application manager> all> download manager> clear cache and clear data . go to google play> clear cache> clear data and then go to google play services> clear cache> cleardata . restart the phone and it will be alright .
if you signed up for 2-step verification , you may need to enter an application-specific password in place of your regular account password . you can generate an application-specific password when you are authorizing access to your google account . this process takes a few minutes , and you only need to do it once per application or device . note : for android devices running 4.0 or higher , you do not need an application-specific password and only need to submit your username and password . you will be directed to another page where you can enter a one-time six-digit code . to check if 2-step verification is on or off , visit https://www.google.com/settings/ .
this probably would work similarly to an rsa security token .
it is because there is a threshold beyond which it starts deleting old messages . go into messaging , hit the menu button and go to settings . the first option is Delete old messages ( checked by default ) , and the next is Text message limit ( set to 200 by default ) . so you have just hit that threshold and it is deleting your old messages .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
accounts and data are not removed if you switch the sim . for obvious reasons : travelling abroad when you do not want to roam , or getting a new phone/data plan from a different carrier , etc . you could guess how mad people would get if their device got wiped by a sim switch . you are not safe , unless you also have set up a screen lock ( or full device encryption ) . all common smartphones act similar here ( windows phone/ios/android ) : if the sim is locked with a pin , it must be re-unlocked each boot if it is present if the device has a screen lock , it must be unlocked each boot and if you switch on the screen i.e. , a sim lock is only bound to your specific sim and it only prevents misuse of your number and phone/data plan , not the device and its data stored within . as soon as the sim is replaced or removed , one does not need the sim-pin to to access the phone . only a screen lock pin ( or password , unlock gesture or full device encryption ) will do .
you can try opening it in an html editor like webmaster 's html editor lite . it has syntax highlighting , and a search function . it also as a pro version with additional features . if you do not like that , there are several other html editors in google play .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
open your sms app compose a new message add text and then choose to add contact add your contacts here is a message area copy the text message
i have made an app called vmg converter , you can get it from google play depending on your old phone , it might be able to import your messages from vmg files into android . the app is free .
i recently ran into the same issue . after connecting to exchange 2010 i was not able to reset back to a swipe unlock . . . even after removing the exchange account and clearing the credentials . turns out that the policy of this exchange connection required that you have high unlock security of a 6 character password including at least 1 digit and it encrypts your sd card ( among other security features ) . i was not able to change back to the swipe unlock because the sd card was encrypted . at the time i had a 4 digit pin ( medium/high ) as the security to unlock my phone , however the security was set to password ( high ) . therefore i was able to get into my phone with the pin , but not able to get to the options to decrypt the sd card . to resolve the issue and decrypt the sd card i had to go through the password security setup and create a password . after i created the password i was then able to get to the properties of " encrypt external sd card " and uncheck the option to encrypt the sd card . once the encryption was removed from the sd card i was able to change the unlock back to swipe .
have you got vpn set up ? - it requires it . i had vpn set up then decided i did not it so after i removed the vpn ( settings > other > vpn > long press > delete ) the ' none ' option for removing pin/password got enabled again
as a last ditch effort , you could try this : use titanium backup to backup all your apps + data . reset the phone to factory defaults . restore all apps and data except for activesync . this will definitely fix your issues . question is , " is it worth the effort ? "
on a galaxy s4 i had the exact same issue . corporate exchange policies grayed out all locks screen choices except password and pin . " clear credentials " was grayed out . after removing the exchange account all options were still grayed out . i had to go through the password security setup wizard to create a device password . i then had to go into " encrypt external sd card " , even though i had no external sd card inserted , and turn that off . i could then , finally , change my screen lock types ( i chose pattern lock ) . took an hour of sleuthing , but this thread finally gave me the clues needed . thanks all .
had issue that " none " , " slide " and " face unlock " were all greyed out . went to security-> clear credentials and all options became available .
this is already answered , but here is an alternative that does not require you to remove whatever credential/configuration caused this in the the first place . after all , you needed the credential/configuration once and you will probably need it again . this is probably caused by some configuration that installed a certificate on your device ( such as a vpn profile , an exchange account , or secure wifi network ) . it could also could be caused by an app that has administrator privileges . here 's the loophole : only the graphic interface for selecting these options is disabled . i was able to get around this using third-party apps . i used tasker in combination with the free version of secure settings . in tasker . . . new task -> add action -> plugin -> secure settings -> edit . . . then choose your options . to make it take effect immediately , just press ' run ' when you get back to the task edit screen ( looks like a ' play ' button ) . please note : this requires your phone to be rooted . encrypting your phone or sd card disables less secure lock options . i am unsure what effect the method described herein will have in those cases . this method retains the configuration needed access the culprit account/service , but circumvents its security requirements . to use someone else words : there is a specific reason why an administrator configures such a policy , and i would recommend it to everyone . if your phone gets stolen nobody will be able to read your company 's email , which is a secret . lots of industrial accidents occurred because employees lost their mobile devices ( laptops included ) with sensitive data not protected enough . i suggest associating the tasker task with a tasker profile that is only activated in certain situations ( for instance , when you are at home ) .
okay , stab in the dark , but try this : from the home screen , press menu -&gt;Settings-&gt;Location &amp; Security-&gt;Select Device Administrators and look for something related to the exchange account , most likely Corporate Sync . you should be able to change settings/disable it from there . i have never used an exchange account , so i can not test this :/ but it looks from reading around ( here ) that this may be your problem , otherwise it may be forced exchange settings as described on this technet forum . let us know if this works , or points you in a new direction !
you can read from the whatsapp faq : what does " last seen at . . . " and " online " mean exactly ? " online " means that contact has whatsapp open and is connected to the internet . however , it does not necessarily mean they have read your chat . that clearly stats that a contact with " online " status just needs to have the app opened within an active internet connection .
from a user perspective : no , that is not possible . from a developer perspective : maybe . android does not directly provide an api that lets you choose a particular communication scheme/speed ( the idea behind peer-to-peer mode is that the two devices automatically choose the best scheme that is suitable for both of them ) . consequently , there is no way to do this without somehow modifying the operating system . you could , for instance , create your customized os and adapt the android nfc stack to only use certain modes ( for nxp 's nfc stack , see the nfcip-1 speeds enum in phnfctypes . h:955 and the methods setP2pModes() ( in nfcservice . java:1083 ) setP2pInitiatorModes() ( in nativenfcmanager . java:352 ) and setP2pTargetModes() ( in nativenfcmanager . java:358 ) . on a rooted device , there could be an even easier approach ( i.e. . one that does not require building the complete os ) : while there is no public api for setting p2p modes , there is a hidden method setP2pModes() in NfcAdapter ( in nfcadapter . java:1373 ) . however , in order to call that method , your app needs to have the WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS permission ( which is only granted to system apps ) .
since this app is a google native app which handles its own updates by itself , maybe the update went wrong . at the moment you could clear its cache , data ( you will have to reenter the credentials later again and configure the playstore including notifications and update handling ) , or uninstall the updates , so it will go to the initial version ( can be done by going in settings -> applications -> all -> google play store ) . it should update later automatically . in case you have a rooted phone , make sure you have not done any changes in the system lately , or other apps are not interfering ( any " freezers " , " killers " , or similar ones ) . also , check if you have not forbidden mobile network access ( settings -> data usage , there you can click each app and check/uncheck " restrict background data" ) , but even if this was checked , it should work on wifi .
try this - go to settings > wireless and networking > wi-fi settings . in this screen , press the menu button and then advanced . click wifi sleep policy and set it to never . hopefully , that will retain a connection to the wi-fi access point .
it seems that you have installed the wrong recovery and your devices is semi-bricked ( it is not over for him yet ) . you should : 1-download the correct firmware blob from the official asus site 2-boot your tablet into recovery and then type on a computer with the device connected adb reboot bootloader  3-your tablet should now receive fastboot commands even if it seems not on the tablet screen ( on the tablet the screen seems stuck ) 4-type all these commands one by one : if these commands do fail try this 4th step again also , refer to this great thread on xda
try this : 1 . copy a recovery which supports the android versin of the rom and put into sd card . 2 . boot into recovery . 3 . install the recovery . zip 4 . reboot recovery ( if cwm , this option is present under advanced ) . 5 . wipe data/factory reset 6 . wipe cache . 7 . install rom zip file 8 . reboot system . 9 . pray to the tech gods to let you pass this one time : ) ! all the best !
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
it is possible to recover your contacts from your old galaxy s2 if the contacts are not overwritten by new files . a fact is that , the deleted files in your phone are still in your phone but hidden and inaccessible to you . that is why you cannot see them . to recover them , you need to use an android data recovery to enter the file system to extract the contacts . in the market there are many such software , try them , your contact may be back .
best variant , combining most of your wishes : foldersync . i am using it myself ( pro version after having tested it one day ) , and i am very fond of it . you can setup multiple folder pairs ( which folder on your device should be synchronized with which folder on the " other end" ) for multiple " accounts " , where an " account " simply identifies " the other end " . that can be a cloud service such as dropbox , but as well your windows pc via samba ( windows share ) , or your linux machine via sftp ( ssh ) , some ftp server , . . . foldersync supports a lot of protocols . moreover , the full version has support for tasker , giving you a load of options for when to sync . i use it e.g. to sync my backups : " when charging , and it is 4am , ( optionally more conditions ) , then call the task named ' syncbackups'" ( the latter then tells foldersync to sync multiple backup locations with my linux machine ) . well , if you do not have tasker : foldersync also has a time-based scheduler included . remark : my suggestion lacks the " remote management " on your pc . i am not aware of any all-in solution here , especially for " offline queuing " . when you are at your pc , that is not a big deal : simply copy the files to your sync location on the pc 's end . for other cases , i might be able to add some " online management " using your data connection ( or wifi hotspot ) , depending on the os your pc is running .
your best be to view images on google glass would be to use the ' mirror-api ' methods to create an application that you can run on google glass .
on an android device , the internal storage is split into multiple partitions . the data from the custom rom is stored on one partition , and the apps and user data on another . ( generally there are a few other partitions as well . ) because of this , installing a smaller custom rom does not directly give you more free space for data , because they are on a different partition . but if you can make a smaller custom rom , it allows you to repartition the storage to allocate more space to user data . repartitioning the storage is quite risky , as you have to know exactly how large the custom rom is going to be . if the system partition is too small for the rom , it will go wrong when or after you install it . i believe it is more common to simply add some useful apps to the custom rom , to make it up to a similar size as the stock rom . this way , you can avoid installing some large apps in the userdata partition , giving you more space without repartitioning . since updates to pre-installed apps get installed in the userdata partition , not the system partition , even including up-to-date versions of those apps in the custom rom saves space .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
answering question #2 only , since i do not own the reader . according to this post on the source thread , the original firmware can remain intact if you simply use a different microsd card to load android on : you can dual-boot by having two separate microsdcards , one for each system , and swap them . you will have to open the back of your glo each time though . see the first 10 photos at http://www.mobileread.com/forums/showpost.php?p=2462848postcount=2
i do not believe there is a way to do this with stock keyboard . try a 3rd-party keyboard app that supports language packs and transliteration for hardware keyboards . i have personally used anysoftkeyboard with a plugin for my native language , which worked great on my old g1 's slide-out keyboard . try to see if a layout pack for your language is available .
just a guess here , but the samsung s-view flip cover knows when the cover is attached and runs only the part of the screen that is veiwable in the small window . maybe it is the same for the nexus .
as you have found out , a hall sensor detects a magnetic field . it could be that in this case it is referring to a sensor for a magnetic cover , like those in the nexus 7 and nexus 10 . such sensors detect the proximity of a magnet embedded in the cover or case for the device , in order to automatically turn the screen off when the cover is closed . that would be unusual , as that kind of magnetic switch is usually a simple reed switch , which would not normally be described as a hall effect sensor . a hall sensor would give more data about the strength of the magnetic field , which could be used by software to detect the opening or closing of the case more reliably . however , i have not seen any claim that the nexus 5 has such a switch anyway , which is much less common on phones than tablets . another ( just as far-fetched ) guess is that it is related to the wireless charging capability . it could be that the hall sensor is specifically there to locate the wireless charging point in relation to the phone 's position .
there is no drafts folder per say , when you access your sms app , the conversations list appears : if a draft is present on any conversation thread , you will see " draft " written in red . tap and you are back on your draft . if it was an sms with no conversation thread , it is presented the same way . check your phone 's manual , page 39 , where it reads : if you exit a message before sending , it gets saved as a draft . if the message is part of a conversation , the conversation gets tagged with the word draft .
my samsung galaxy s ii has proxy settings enabled under settings > wireless and network > wifi settings > advanced i can set a proxy address and a port number . the proxy i am sitting behind requires authentication tho and i am having trouble finding these settings .
to modify the proxy settings in android 4 and samsung galaxy you should do this : go to settings / wifi . long-click on your network and select modify network . scroll down to show advanced options which should show you the proxy options .
try proxy settings , a free app that reveals the proxy settings button available in most stock roms .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
take a look at the post entitled rooting an unbranded tablet by ademc on september 7 , for further information that maybe helpful to you
droid2bootstrap . apk was able to root it
other than storing them in seperate locations and specifying where the files you want are or manually going into google music on your pc or phone and deleting them , no . but even if you delete them once the music manager catchs them missing and you havnt changed the folder it will reupload them at least it used to .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
it is a logical solution for a potential problem and a long time irritation of mine . however , you must remember that whatever solutions are available for a security application would also be available for a malware app . if a security app could block net access then a malware app could block it also , stopping a security app from updating data files for instance . it needs to be done at the system level , not as another application . see my post here for my thoughts .
there is an ongoing research on this this subject . a non yet released proof of concept is implemented for some of the privacy sensitive apis exactly as i proposed . the privacy manager is called tissa , short for taming information-stealing smartphone applications .
a translated version of the chinese version of lbe is available on xda developers , and it works very well on jelly bean . apparently the chinese version is still actively developed . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
xprivacy is a module for xposed framework which does exactly what you need . it is free and open source . works on rooted devices . download framework apk from here : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer module apk : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer source : https://github.com/m66b/xprivacy?mobile=0#xprivacy
this is no sandbox application , but perhaps it is also interesting for you , if you havn't already heard about it . some scientists startet the project taintdroid . realtime privacy monitory for android
i am fairly certain that tool that you seek does not exist yet . but your idea is great . few point though ; ofc ; app can freely read and write it is own app directory giving fake read acces : for every possible read ( and there is a lot app can try to read ) default response should be generate ; lot a work but doable however ; giving fake write access is lot harder ; what if it uses sd card to store big temp files ; like bitmaps . on unrooted phone ; only place app can write is sd card ; and using content provider ( for stuff like contacts , and calendar ) . and app desiger is not expecting to fail in writing data ; so app could crash . good thing is that the worst that could happen is that app might crash .
whisper systems has come out with a custom rom that has this exact feature : http://www.whispersys.com/permissions.html. as darthnoodles mentions , it has to be done at the system level rather than the app level , which is how it is implemented in whispercore . the current version is not able to block all of the permissions available on android , but they are working on supporting more of them .
there is an excellent tool pdroid . it is both an app and a set of rom patches , which enable intercepting and faking permission requests . here are the pdroid jellybean rom fork patches
there is an app shield application . it essentially repackages . apk with permissions removed from manifest . brilliant idea for stock , non rooted phones . subject to crashes ( force closes ) , though , as with current cyanogenmod approach .
not an absolute solution to your problem , but there is an app in the android market which caters to your needs . it also necessarily requires better knowledge about permissions and also a rooted device . permissions denied is an app which allows you to effectively control the permissions that apps which are installed onto your phone , via the market or some other source . also be aware that denying an app a permission that it is requesting may result in the app force closing . ( hence requiring you to have better knowledge on how to use it ) note : this app requires root access . this app will not work on all device .
lbe privacy guard appears to be a very promising solution with interactive features to block or allow application activity on the fly .
there is a privacy blocker ( paid ) and privacy inspector ( free ) applications . privacy blocker does a static analysis of applications for sensitive api calls and rewrites these calls into stub ones which return fake data . as a result a new . apk with rewritten application is generated and installed . privacy inspector is an app which only reports the use of sensitive api calls .
mockdroid is another academic firmware with data faking capabilities .
by default , items in folders are organized by the order they are added . if the absolute order is not important to you , but rather just having more used apps at the top , you can pull the less used apps out and then re-add them to the folder , which will place them at the bottom .
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
that is very odd . normally there should be no auto-update of the device software , and other updates will require a reboot . try the following : hold both volume buttons and the power button wait until the phone reboots , keep holding release the power button about 1 second after the white text with your phone model appears onscreen , keeping holding the volume buttons recovery mode should appear select " reinstall packages " or similar
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
if your mobile is slow try to get a task killer from play store . it will kill apps that are open in your background and are not needed . ( addendum not needed ! - edit ) and to answer your last question i recently had to downgrade my xperia u from 4.0.4 to 2.3.7 . it is actually easier then it sounds , the process is the same when upgrading , you just have to download a few things ; d remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . note back up your phone via sony 's pc companion suite before proceeding follow the steps : get the following : flashtool , found on github your xperia firmware xperia u firmware 2.3.7: found on 4shared site ( put this one in a place that is " clean " best option desktop ) install flashtool go to your phone 's settings > developer options/usb debugging ( and check that option ) connect your phone to the pc ( usb ) before you continue go to the folder where you installed flashtool , open flashtool 's drivers folder and run the installer . ( flashtools\drivers ) in that installer select your phone and click next . warning : xperia u is next to xperia p it is not hard to find but you can easily miss it . after installing proceed to step 5 . open flashtools ( click yes if anything pops up , it could take a few second sto open ) click the thunder-like symbol select flashmode and click ok . ( not flashboot mode ! ) click the ( . . . ) in front of the first line of the windows that will pop up select the place where you saved file from the above step ii on . ( this could be a bit tricky if you can not find the place on that explorer copy/paste the file to the desktop to make it easier . the file will not appear in the window - do not worry it will detect it and load it automatically . ) make sure everything on the wipe area is checked and that on the exclude area nothing is checked . misc should be checked too ( this is to prevent errors during the downgrade ) follow the on-screen instructions . it will ask you to press a back button , on the xperia u it is the volume down button . for some reason you have to unplug the cable from the pc too . after you turn off the mobile plug back in the usb to the pc and then press and hold the volume down key on your phone ( keep it pressed and when you plug the usb back in the led 's will light up green . ) you can stop pressing the button when the process starts on flashtool 's window . wait until it is over , you can leave it . it should only take a few seconds your mobile will reboot when it is over . do not panic if you can not understand what it says the file your installing is from t-mobile 's hu region . after it starts and you enter your sim pin , it will take you again through the configuration . you will have some apps on your mobile from t-mobile , just uninstall them if you want . remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . hope i helped !
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
while android-studio was already running i tried to run " android . bat " at below location by right clicking and choosing run as administrator which ran sdk manager and download worked for me . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-studio\sdk\tools\android.bat 
i had the same problem and symptoms . then launched the shortcut to sdk as admin ( use right click ) . everything fine now . .
most modern smartphones produce a lot of heat when playing cpu/gpu intensive games , there is not much you can do about it . if you reduce gpu frequency , two things can happen : stuttering of gameplay ( depending on your game ) , and the cpu/gpu run at maximum frequency for longer amounts of time to complete the same work ( that a higher frequency gpu would have done in shorter time ) . that may negate much of the heat reduction you are trying to achieve . my 2 cents is to leave the settings at stock . ( for more details , read http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=34153152postcount=15576 by a chip designer who worked with nvidia , ti etc ) . if you are still keen on underclocking , http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1827635 suggests that gpu over/underclocking is possible with setcpu app . that link is for galaxy s3 , but it should work for your phone too if your kernel supports it ( you might have to flash a custom kernel to control the gpu ) .
another option is isyncr . it will download your podcasts over usb/wifi/mac/pc . i have also added some specific podcast features like bookmark syncing , which work in combination with my other app , rocket player , so that you can listen to half a podcast on your computer and the other half while you are on the road . just a note from the developer .
manual alternative if you are on a computer and you do not even have itunes installed , you can find web page of that podcast on itunes site example : http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/tiesto-s-club-life-podcast/id251507798 then you can view source of the page and locate links to actual files - mp3 or m4a . you can download the files saving either directly to a connected phone or transfer later in bulks .
fairly new app called " itunes podcast player " is able to search and play podcasts directly from itunes . seems to work really well , at least for me .
if you do not want to be shackled to itunes for downloading/syncing the actual episodes , you can right-click the podcast in itunes , and select copy podcast url . it will copy the url to the podcast feed to your clipboard . use this url on your android device to subscribe to the podcast there .
you could always just get an iphone ; -p seriously though , i would contact the provider of the podcast . many times they can make available the rss feed , which many apps on google play can translate into a usable podcast . if they do not provide access this way , then unfortunately you are stuck unless someone engineers a way to access itunes podcasts .
i have faced the same problem and i found this software : http://doubletwist.com/ basically what it does is read you itunes library and coping what you want to the device your want , it is just great and you can set the configs to you needs . it has an android client and a pc client . hope you will find it useful .
google play music manager can synchronize with itunes , including podcasts .
there may be a way to send the modifier keys through the terminal app , however i have never used that app so i can not say . on terminal emulator you can long press the screen and send the control key from the pop up menu . also you could install hackers keyboard which includes a full desktop keyboard including control and alt keys .
omnirom is already rooted , if anything you might have to install su . as to the problem with your primary rom on multirom , reflash the primary over the top of itself , then when complete install multirom again . as long as you did not wipe data , your other roms should still be intact . . . . . my primary rom in multirom got glitchy , so i did what i recommended to you and its working perfect again
i am having the same issue and have yet to find an answer . have you been able to identify the problem ? i even tried to delete the hotmail account , with the intention of reinstalling it . however , i was given an error code and upon further digging , i was informed that i needed to reset the phone to factory defaults to get rid of the hotmail account !
at first i assumed you were using gmail but then you talk about signing into virgin media to view email so i am a little lost as to what you are trying to do . can you provide a little more detail ?
i was a having the same problem , look next to the charging port ( that would be to your right ) there a tiny hole clean it out it is blocked . i used a sewing needle to clean it out . after that people on the other side could hear me again . that hole used for talking .
i use b-card . us to import my contacts . it support ios as well . only register , insert data and scan barcode . you do not need to install an app and its free .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
i had some problems with built in sync so i looked for a more sophisticated solution . after i tested some apps i choose a android app called contactsync ( the dev provided me a free test license for the app so +1 for free testing ) and the name tells it all . it can sync , import and export contacts on various ways like carddav or ftp or just local . vcf files . works well here and provides some nice features . the dev has a homepage here -> http://ntbab.dyndns.org/apache2-default/seite/contactsync.html
this thread over at xda seems to be a pretty good start on this kind of resource . edit : i just noticed that the op in that thread admitted that most of the codes listed would not work in 2.2 . bummer . edit 2: found another one . no indication of whether these codes have been tested and if so what device/rom was used .
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
this answer may help if you do not mind sending messages via the Contact app . i was able to go to my Contacts app , hit the Settings button , then go to More -&gt; Display options and check Only contacts with phone . from Contacts you can still search , and you can still access your recent contacts .
if you are creating a new message it might be easier to just go into the contacts/people app , set up your desired filtering there ( as others have already pointed out ) . then instead of going into the messaging/email/gmail app to send your message stay in the contacts/people app , find the person you want to send the message to and just press on the relevant contact detail ( eg phone number or email address ) to send to them . this should give you a much more manageable list .
it may depend on what phone you are using . for the htc evo ( and most likely any other htc phone with sense ) it seems you can not change the the list in " search people " but you can change the list in your " people " app . if this is what you want to do open the " people " app and you will see all your contacts . the open the menu and select " view " - here you can change some of the contacts that will be viewed in your " people " app . i tried changing my contacts list this way and then checked if the " people search " app would also remove the same contacts but it would seem it does not work that way . for example i added and removed twitter contacts but either way they still appeared in the " peaople search " list . hope this helps
when you get gingerbread on your galaxy s , then the battery usage graph shows what is using power over time settings -> about phone -> battery use and then press on the graph at the top for a more detailed view broken down by app over time . ( you can also get there through settings -> applications -> battery use and then pressing on the graph at the top ) . ( do not know if this is a samsung or a gingerbread feature but is part of samsung 's official gingerbread 2.3.3 . release for the galaxy s which was released a few weeks ago in many countries/networks )
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
if there is anything happening at a " given time " , or otherwise should show some " significant change " , it might also be worth to take a look at systempanel : systempanel ( source : google play ) even the free version allows you to live-monitor your android system ( where " live " means the app must be running ) , while the payed version adds a " monitoring service " which stores collected information , so you can refer to it later . as above screenshot shows , it lets you clearly see the peaks for cpu ( click the image to enlarge ) , but also for battery and other ressources . it also allows you to pick the " top processes " and see how they behaved over time . clearly a candidate to investigate the problem you described .
judging by the reviews on the market , it looks like the ability to sync to your own server was removed in one of the latest versions of funambol sync .
i got it to work now . the problem was that calendar sync appearently was not supported by funambol android client v9.0.1 ( which is not the latest version , whatever their download page says ) the most recent version v10.0.3 has a bug that prevents a calendar from being created if none exists on android v2.3 and above . you can either wait for the next snapshot or patch it yourself : in the funambol android client sources in file src/com/funambol/android/source/pim/calendar/calendarmanager . java find the line ( 280 ) : if (Integer.parseInt(Build.VERSION.SDK) == 8 ) {  and replace it with if (Integer.parseInt(Build.VERSION.SDK) &gt;= 8 ) {  and compile .
this is most certainly due to network restrictions . for instance 3g connections on orange ( uk ) are dropped if you hit it with " too many " requests in a short period of time . this is very easy to do with a pc , just open a dozen tabs on a browser and the 3g connection is dropped .
i have found solution . i.e. i found how to organize stable internet through my phone using 3g . it could be done by lg pc suite , tools-> " internet connection using your phone " . it works without needing to switch anything in phone . but i still wondering why simple usb tethering does not work .
as much as i personally like swype , slideit or swiftkey ( or thumbkeyboard on my tab ) , no vk can ever come even close to replacing a real hardware keyboard . accuracy issues because of screen issues ( lack of true multitouch ) , poor prediction software ( especially on slower phones ) always make me spend more time correcting what i thought i typed than actually typing . unfortunately swapping the phone is usually not an option for most people . i did some googling i found a mini bluetooth keyboard with case that could potentially work for you .
i realise that this is not an answer to your hardware requirement , but are you sure you need new hardware ? i believe that the current guinness world record speed texting record holder used the swype keyboard on an android phone , so it is not exactly slow . swype is pre-installed on a number of android phones ( primarily samsung models ) but unfortunately is otherwise in a limited beta that you will need to register for . there are some similar soft keyboards like slideit that are available in the market
if you truly want to speed up the typing speed , there are certain factors you have to take in account : screen size touchscreen type ( number of simultaneously recognized distinctive touch points , latency , etc . ) os ( how fast can it recognize the touches , etc . ) underlying base hardware ( how fast can it run the os itself , and how fast can it process the raw touch information into usable digital data ) if you want to truly speed things up , you will have to get a new phone , preferably some flagship device ( these tend to have the latest , " most innovative " specs , including touchscreen , plus the latest os ) . i understand that you would rather not do this , but otherwise you cannot speed things up ( you could try replacing the touchscreen , its controller , etc . , but it is all risky , and software support would be lacking ) .
short answer : yes , it is for all google maps links . the long answer is that android 's intent mechanism ( which is the way android decides what app to start ) can use different parts of the url to match the app . the app can register itself with android to handle : a particular uri scheme , such as market:// a particular domain , such as youtube.com paths within the domain matching a particular filter , such as /users/* apps can also filter on other things not relevant to clicking a link , such as different actions ( e . g . share ) or different mime types . one app can have more than one filter , and one filter can match any combination of the above things . for example , a youtube app might have one filter that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtube.com the path matches watch?v=* and another that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtu.be ( the domain for short urls ) in this case , there are two different defaults to set : the first time you click a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJRFaR71HfY it will set the default for that kind of link . then , if you later click a http://youtu.be/DJRFaR71HfY , it'll ask a second time , because that counts as a different kind of link . in the case of google maps , there are several different kinds of link it can handle ( as well as other intent filters not relevant to links ) :- geo://* latitude://* http://maps.google.tld/ or https://maps.google.tld/ ( with nothing after the / ) , for every tld that google has (google.com, google . fr , etc . ) http://maps.google.tld/maps* or https://maps.google.tld/maps* http://mapy.google.pl/ or https://mapy.google.pl/ ( "mapy " being polish for " maps" ) http://mapy.google.pl/maps* or https://mapy.googl.pl/maps* http://local.google.com/ or https://local.google.com/ http://local.google.com/maps* or https://local.google.com/maps* http://m.google.com/latitude or https://m.google.com/latitude http://www.google.com/latitude or https://www.google.com/latitude http://m.google.com/u/m/* or https://m.google.com/u/m/* each one of those lines counts as a different kind of link , so android will ask again . in addition , all but the first of those have two separate entries : one for opening or browsing a link in the usual way , and another for scanning an nfc tag ( or receiving by android beam ) a matching link . again , those two things count as different links for the purposes of setting defaults . to get this information from the google maps app , i used the app packageexplorer . the information it gives you takes some knowledge to interpret : you may find the android intent api guide for developers useful .
anandtech did some testing with the evo 4g and found the battery life to be the same when using 4g as when using 3g . http://www.anandtech.com/show/3791/the-sprint-htc-evo-4g-review/12 it is the only semi-scientific testing i have seen . i find that in portland , oregon 4g coverage is spotty so if i leave 4g enabled the battery drains faster . my guess is that it takes more battery power to search for unavailable 4g networks .
so i can not give you a scientific ( or even semi-scientific ) answer , but i can give you an anecdotal one based on my experience over the past couple months . . we have 4g here in atlanta , and while it works most everywhere i go during the day , i have found myself leaving it off most of the time because it has a noticeable impact on battery drain . the way i understand it , the 4g radio is separate from the 3g radio , and i am not sure the 4g radio turns " off " the 3g . i say this because when you use 4g it is possible to receive data during a voice call , which you can not do otherwise . that said , using the 4g widget it is really easy to flip it on when you need it , and leave it off when you do not . it is not inconvenient , and will help your battery life . .
here is /system/bin i have not gone through yet to add documentation though , my apologies . i have made a google doc where i and some friends plan to put our documentation over spring break . if people want to help out , it would be much appreciated . android shell commands /system/bin contents : basichashtable_test blobcache_test inputchannel_test inputdispatcher_test inputevent_test inputpublisherandconsumer_test inputreader_test looper_test obbfile_test string8_test unicode_test vector_test zipfilero_test adb am app_process applypatch applypatch_static asan asanwrapper atrace audioloop bmgr bootanimation bu bugreport cat check_prereq chmod chown cmp codec content corrupt_gdt_free_blocks dalvikvm date dd debuggerd decoder dexopt df dhcpcd dmesg drmserver dumpstate dumpsys flash_image fsck_msdos gdbjithelper gdbserver getevent getprop gzip hd id ifconfig iftop ime input insmod installd ioctl ionice ip6tables iptables keystore keystore_cli kill linker ln log logcat logwrapper ls lsmod lsof make_ext4fs md5 mdnsd mediaserver mkdir mksh monkey mount mtpd mv nandread ndc netcfg netd netstat newfs_msdos notify ping ping6 pm pppd printenv ps qemu-props qemud r racoon radiooptions reboot record recordvideo recovery renice requestsync rild rm rmdir rmmod route run-as schedtest schedtop screencap screenshot sdcard sendevent sensorservice service servicemanager set_ext4_err_bit setconsole setprop sf2 sh showlease skia_test sleep smd stagefright start stop stream surfaceflinger svc sync system_server testid3 toolbox top touch uiautomator uim-sysfs umount updater uptime vdc vmstat vold watchprops wipe
app management use android package manager pm examples install the package com . twitter . android-1 . apk from the sd card pm install /sdcard/com.twitter.android-1.apk  list installed packages that contain the term twitter pm list packages | grep twitter  show the install directory of the twitter package pm path com.twitter.android  processes top  lists all running processes / apps with live updates showing cpu usage , pid , . . . ps  lists all running processes / apps and allows filtering using grep examples ps | grep apps  lists all running apps on your phone mounting mount -o rw,remount -t "filesystem" "Device" "Mount Point"  allows you to remount your partitions for write access or to mount images . examples write access for the root filesystem mount -o rw,remount -t rootfs /  write access for your /system partition mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system  write access for /system using busybox busybox mount -o remount,rw /system  mount the contents of myimage.img , viewable in the folder myimage mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage  other getprop can show interesting details from the device configuration , such as dns servers , gateways , gsm details , running services , build parameters , version info etc .
no , you can not do this , on android or any other kind of mobile phone . it is just not how the 3g network works . each operator 's 3g network runs on a frequency band allocated to them by the government . the cell transmitter runs on its own hardware that your phone does not have , with a high-power radio transceiver that needs more power than your phone has .
i got the tablet and yes ! it does have 1080p output . : )
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
if you have not given up on android apps yet , you can use titanium backup . it lets you search either by app name or package name .
the problem was , that i had the m7att version of cwm installed . must have misclicked when downloading . updated cwm to the generic m7 version and rom flashing works again .
i managed to download it from freakshare , i tried it again , and now it is downloading 252mb , so that is a good size
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i recommend connectbot for ssh . my biggest issue with vim has always been getting the escape key to work . by default , i believe the escape key is the same as the back key in android . one answer i found on stackoverflow ( can not find the link ) is to map a key sequence to escape : :imap qq &lt;Esc&gt; " map qq to Escape while in insert mode  this should allow fairly normal vim usage on android . you can either enter it every time or add it to . vimrc . i got fed up with my lapdock before i found this , but i will need to go back and try again .
so , i have a nexus one . firstly : do not try to use the soft keyboard for any form of coding . it is workable , to an extent , with connectbot 's help , for system administration , but coding is flat out . if you insist on trying , look at full keyboard . secondly : the screen size is an issue , at least for me . i have not found a font size that is both readable for long sessions and displays enough code on the screen . coding and longform text are still definitely a computer thing .
i ended up coding a lot on it . it works quite well . i use igo stowaway bluetooth keyboard ( it fits in a pocket ) . i map esc to jk or jj . i also bring a charger just in case . the small font size does not bother me as much . i just move my head closer to the screen . also alt-tab works for switching application . it is useful because you need to use a stackoverflow for coding :- )
try mosh for a potential solution to latency issues . it does heuristic echoing of local keystrokes , so you get more immediate feedback and things feel less choppy .
if you are using a windows machine , then it sounds like maybe the drivers you are using are not the correct drivers . download the drivers from here ( at the bottom ) and install those drivers on the system . to install the drivers : connect your phone to your pc with usb debugging mode enabled . windows will not be able to install drivers on its own . so , go to ' device manager ' . under ' other devices ' , you will have your phone 's name , spice mi-350n/fly iq260 . right click and select ' update driver software . . . ' and select ' browse my computer for driver software ' and browse to the location where you extracted the drivers and click ' next ' .
i work on the linux 11.10 , i solved the problem by researching on various blogs . i particularly found this link very helpful . actually the vendor id in "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules " was wrong . as i could not find the spice in the android 's developer site . executing command lsusb gave me the correct vendor id . . . . now my /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules file looks like:- subsystem=="usb " , attr{idvendor}=="2006" , mode="0666" group="plugdev " now after restarting adb services . . . i.e. su $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb devices  the output is :- List of devices attached 0123456789ABCDEF device  now when i launch application from eclipse ide it automatically identifies the device . . . .
the usb driver for windows is available for download as an optional sdk component . you need the driver only if you are developing on windows and want to connect an android-powered device ( adp , nexus one , or nexus s ) to your development environment over usb . are you going to develop android app or just want to browse the internal memory ? http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html
it should be /sdcard , with a lower-case s .
i made a folder called /sdcard and wanted to ln -s /sdcard /storage/sdcard0 but i got ln not found or something like that . so i mount -o bind /sdcard /storage/sdcard0 which made me unable to access the sdcard in anyway on my phone . i was scared the sdcard got wiped because it was empty except it had a root explorer folder for a reason unknown to me . being scared of wiped data i unplugged the cable and rebooted hoping it was a temporary error caused by the mount -o bind command . fortunately it was and i also found out that the /sdcard has been restored properly automatically on boot ( the restore wasnt cused by any command it is just how android is made )
you may be better off using whatsapp messenger , it deals with group messages much better than using sms . using whatsapp everyone can reply to a message that you have sent and all participants can see each other 's replies . you can download it from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.whatsapp
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
the complete android guide does a pretty good job of highlighting the differences in functionality in the different versions . you can buy a book , pdf , or view it online for free .
first , launchers are apps like all other apps you can install . which means : per se , there should be no problems -- but they of course might have bugs and , in rare cases , side effects . again , this is not limited to launchers . so far for the " generic info " . now specifically for the launcher : after having installed a launcher ( nova should be fine , apex might be another choice close to nova ) , when he presses the home key to switch to the home screen , he will be asked which launcher to chose . so still he is got the choice to use the miui launcher or his " custom one " . on every press of the home button . until he decides to always use one of the two , and marks the check button to remember his choice ( "always use . . . " ) . now on home key press , it is always that launcher being started . if at a later time he wants to switch back : still no problem . the " decision popup " will come again if one of the following conditions are met : he installed another launcher one of the installed launchers receives an update more than 2 launchers were installed , and the current default launcher is uninstalled in settings&rarr ; applications , the settings of the current default launcher are opened , and the " clear defaults " button is pushed some " default apps " manager was used to trigger it so in short : i would expect no trouble . some special features of the miui launcher might not be available in other launchers , some specific miui widgets ( specifically built for the miui launcher ) might not work with the other launcher -- but if he wants , he can always return/swtich or even revert his changes .
well , you will lose home launcher . that is it . every other miui feature will be intact :- )
if you are using yahoo , and have recently changed your yahoo account passowrd , then this will cause the social hub app to get caught in a loop and drain the battery delete the yahoo account and recreating it should fix the issue ( you may need to reboot and use the phone offline before it will let you delete the account ) regards ian
this app is a russian application erroneously installed as a " system " app ( same package name as the email hub ) . if you are rooted you can use something like titanium backup to remove the app . otherwise you can try these instructions from an android authority article : removing the application on un-rooted devices seems much harder , however success has been reported by clearing the play store’s data and cache from settings> applications – afterwards , just launch the android market application to re-acquire the current market state and google play application .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
factory resetting wipes the wi-fi settings along with everything else . from the wi-fi page in the settings app , click on the network you want to connect to and enter the password ( if it requires one ) , just as you did previously . if that does not work , update your question to say what happened .
there is a clockview app . in google play store . it is a best-efforted always on clock . please read the app . descriptions . link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kimscom.clockview
keepscreen can let you choose some applications and select a specific screen timeout for each of them . so you could just set the clock application with the " no timeout " option .
the first thing that comes to mind is to check that reply path is not selected in the messaging settings . this setting means that if you reply to a sms , it uses the sender 's messaging center , and usually using another operator 's messaging center is not allowed . however , this should not affect your ability to receive messages .
you could try an app like wallswitch , which can be set to change your wallpaper every time you unlock the device or on a timer . i do not know that there is a way to tell it to pull from " the gallery " in general , but you can just specify that you want to pull from the folders your gallery images are in ( works out effectively the same ) .
s note that comes with the galaxy note 10.1 has all that , but the math engine has its limitations . as an engineering student i do lots of work with matrices and it does not work that well with it . . . . but it does integrals quite well .
this may or may not work for you and do it at your own risk but i jut rooted and loaded a custom rom to a lg optimus s that many had said could not be done because of the ota update that would put it out of the reach of the exploit . it required a little extra work , but was doable and only took me about 2 hours . now i am not 100% certain this will work for you because i do not have this particular device to try , but , the foundation of the rooting method is valid for it and should work for this as well , no harm in trying . get the drivers specific to your device from lg if you can find it and if not just get it here , this is not related to me but i got some stuff from them in the past and its been clean . then after that , try following the instructions put out here , note its for the optimus s but the way to do it is the same for pretty much all the optimus line , its your driver that is important and you can get that . you can use the manual method if you know what you are doing and are comfortable with it , that is how i did it but you can also download the optiauto.zip or .exe to do it as well so its somewhat automated for you . good luck with it , let us know how it goes and if you run into anything that you can not figure out , shoot me a message here and i will see what i can do for you .
this budget device has been largely sold to prepaid phone carriers and they are not part of large development community . so , there is no official root method for this device yet . however , i hope this blog post will help you .
go to Contacts &gt; [Sitting Button] &gt; More &gt; Accounts . be sure the following are checked : background data . auto-sync .
Contacts/People &gt; Menu &gt; Contacts to Display &gt; select your gmail account to display .
webmemo does a similar thing , but seems a bit more at hand as it uses the share page menu , instead of having you manually input the url - as with the fore-mentioned save webpage
there is an application called save webpage which will let you do it , i do not know of any other way to do it in the stock browser .
try my app : soundabout . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " for this purpose .
i have found that the auxiliary jack on my s3 is pretty tight and even when the phone senses i have plugged something into it , i have to press it just a little harder , until i hear a " click " and the plug is flush to the phone ( you should not be able to see any metal from the plug showing ) . once i do that , the sound stops playing through the phone 's speaker .
sorry no can do . since its stock launcher . try downloading different launcher from the store .
whenever android needs more ram , it will kill anything in the " background " the htc sense is background if you are playing a video game or any other app . so when android sees that it needs ram , sense with it is fairly large memory footprint is a prime candidate . think nothing of it . if it crashed you would get a " force close " . some launchers do tricks to force them to not be killed by android but that has a negative effect on ram availability for foreground apps .
most likely you have too many services running at once that are eating up all of your memory . check running services under settings --> applications --> running services . look at the colorful memory bar at the bottom of how much free memory there is . look for services that are high on memory usage and that you do not use anymore . ask yourself if you really need that service running or not . if you do not , remove it . see if that helps . you will probably see a better performance boost everywhere if you are being bogged down by excessive amounts of services . additionally , you could try out a new home launcher such as launcherpro .
the brut mod can cache map tiles on sd card . so you get large cache . caching feature is by default disabled , you need to turn it on in setting .
the process name implies that it is related to sd card . fat file system is very old and unreliable file system . android stop app to prevent further damage to your data . solution : eject microsd . insert in card reader , plug to pc . run chkdsk i : /f /x , where i- drive letter for your sd partion in windows . chkdsk shall find and fix problem . problem solved .
first i would fix permissions on cwm . no help ? then try this : settings > applications > manage applications > then make sure you look under the all tab . it is called google services framework and you clear the data for this one and cache for market . go to “settings” unplug your device from computer . ( if plugged in . ) choose “manage applications” from the list . select the “all” tab . scroll down to “market” and select it . tap “force stop” . tap “clear cache” . tap the back button . scroll up to “google services framework” and select it . tap “clear data” . tap “ok” . tap “force stop” . start market . at the “an error has occurred” message , tap “ok” . hold your power button to turn off your device from the menu . turn your device back on . start market again , and the problem should be resolved .
there is a teamviewer app that acts as a server " teamviewer quick support " unfortunately it is for samsung devices only
try this app . in this app you can share the screens between two tablets or two mobile devices of varying screens wirelessly and does not require any thing extra as per your requirements .
sounds like some kind of vnc type of solution would be the best , maybe teamviewer ? you might need an enterprise license if you are doing this for commercial purposes .
the majority of web based email providers have a limit of 10mb for the size of the attachment of every message sent . since an email message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , some or probably all of them impose size limits due to the storage capabilities they have to deal with . this is due to the fact that every message needs to be stored before getting forward . applications tend to follow this type of ruling . although nowadays users tend to use an email like if it was an ftp , thus " forcing " application developers to suppress such limits but given no guaranties that the message will in fact get to its destination . to resume , you can safely send files up to 10mb between any email providers without the fear of message not being delivered . my advice to you is the usage of free online services that allow you the transfer or backup of large amount of data between locations : no payment and no registration : wetransfer ( ~2gb for each transfer ) no payment , just registration : ( for the free package ) dropbox google drive skydrive yousendit dropsend
i had exactly the same experience with ygps . quickshortcut maker is an app that allows you to create a shortcut to an application from the list of activities which are installed on your phone . this works with ygps and ygps works when launched this way .
several launchers can do that , e.g. apex and nova . you pretend to create a shortcut , select " activities " , browse for the app you normally use to enter engineering mode , and see what activities it provides . should have one for that ygps if you normally launch it from there . there are other tools available specifically creating similar shortcuts ( if you do not want to use one of those browsers ) , e.g. activity launcher should be worth a closer look then . in either case , you get a complete list of all available apps – regardless of whether they are shown in your app drawer or are hidden from it . so even if that ygps is a separate app , it should show up here with its activities . if its an activity of some other app , it should show up there .
tasker could do something for you , like start the ygps app before the ' real ' one starts .
the official firmware runs touchwiz , which is a known resourcehog , in addition to 2 . x having known occasional performance issues with the mediascanner . i recommend flashing the latest stable cyanogenmod release . although you will sacrifice a few features , such as fm radio - which can be restored with specific kernels and apps which use the functionality , it is very much worth the initial time investment in aspects of performance .
had the exact same problem . it went away when i uninstalled the facebook app .
if you can find an original stock rom for your device ( i assume your device is not rooted etc . ) , or any fitting custom rom ( in case it is rooted etc . ) , you could factory-reset your device and then flash that rom . see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for available rom sources .
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
most of phones ( including xperia series ) does not have an internal fm radio antenna , so they need a wired headset to be inserted , in order to use its wire as antenna . you cannot use fm radio until you plug a wired headset to the phone .
the default appears to be simply what the phone itself is set to use as font size under settings > ( device ) display . change that to tiny and your messages will display that way , but obviously everything else on the phone will also be impacted .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . viber is not fully compatible with custom roms yet . . :/ however , please try to download from the following link : viber knowledgebase let us know if the issue persists . : )
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtype’s breakthrough fluency™ technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesn’t just predict regular words – it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency™ engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
i am not really skilled in android development and i would like to know if i can tweak the emulator to require less computational power . there are a couple things you can tweak to make the emulator less resource hungry . the two most important knob is : ram : the emulator always allocates all of the emulated device 's ram into the host 's ram even if it is unused by the emulated device . if you specify the emulated device to have a ram larger than the free ram that you normally have on the host without running the emulator , then the host os will have to swap and invariably causes trashing . screen size : use lower resolution screen , the default screen resolution for android 3 . x and 4 . x is way too high to run smoothly in even high-end hardware . i have been able to successfully develop several simple apps on my old laptop , a 1.8ghz dual core with 1gb ram . after proper tweaks , the emulator still feels slow and laggy , but it is usable . also , i have not tried it yet , but you might want to try android-x86 in virtualbox or qemu . the emulator that comes with the sdk emulates arm architecture , therefore there is an overhead in translating arm to x86 instruction ; most intel and amd cpu used in laptop uses the x86 architecture and have support for x86 emulation to significantly reduce emulation overhead . if your app runs on dalvik , and does not use the ndk , then theoretically you should have no problem using android-x86 .
there is a minimum possible processor speed for android to run correctly . if you do not get that speed , part of the system thinks another part has crashed ( it gives it about 5 seconds to finish initialising and panics if it does not ) and terminates it , which leaves the system in an unusable state . on the emulator , processors slower than about 2.4ghz pentium 4s fail . you can get it to work on slightly slower machines by turning off the boot animation , but even that is not reliable . when i needed to do some development on a machine too slow for the emulator , i used android-x86 in a virtualbox virtual machine . it works nicely , unless you need to interact with text messages or phone calls .
i would say the simple answer is no . the emulator performs fairly poorly on high-end computers , so even if you got it to start up the performance would be beyond horrible .
have you tried gpsfix kind of apps from play store ? and take a look at web site samsung galaxy s2 gps problem ? solved ! which talks about how a battery saving option ( disabling repetitive polling of gps data ) causes fix issues and how it can be tweaked using another app , gps control for sgs2 which is mentioned there . before starting with these two , just for ruling out false alarms , can you try getting a fix with your internet connectivity on and in open place where you can see sky like in fields ? all said and done , i still do not know why magnetic north is flipped in your case !
does the gps work with the stock rom of your mobile ? if yes then the problem seems to come from cm . if jelly bean is not available as stock rom for your mobile it is likely that the gps will not work with cm jelly bean because then the necessary drivers are likely to be missing .
a reboot seems to fix the problem reliably , but this is an unacceptable solution .
found it for my sgs2 with jellybean rainbox rom , and read about it on a nexus forum : you should disable google location in settings . reboot your phone and enable it again . gps fixes right away now ; - )
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
your understanding is correct . gprs &lt ; edge &lt ; 3g &lt ; hspa . hspa = hsdpa ( high speed downlink packet access + hsupa ( high speed uplink packet access ) the difference between the three lies in the bands i.e. frequencies they use to communicate with the network . edge uses the same frequency as the phone uses to transfer voice and sms to the network . hence , you may notice ( atleast i have ) , that the e symbol will disappear when you are on a call - assuming that you have selected Use only 2G networks to answer the last part of your question , i usually keep my networks on 3G/WCDMA when i know i am going to be near a charging point . i can go nuts with my data then . however , when i am travelling , and network coverage can be sparse , i force the phone to use GSM only which in your case is Use only 2G networks . this saves a lot of battery , simply because its more battery intensive for the phone to communicate over the 3g radio , rather than the 2g . edge can be pretty decent , if you just need to be online on gtalk , watsapp , and need to reply to some lightweight emails . it does the job . 3g or hspa , is necessary for more intensive applications like dropbox , youtube , or one of those streaming music services that i can not remember at the moment .
i use atorrent , which has the possibility of selecting which files to download . just change to the file tab and use the checkboxes .
i use ttorrent . when you open a torrent , an Add torrent dialog pops up . click on the Select files button , and you can check / uncheck the files that you want to download .
go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB utilities and choose " connect storage to pc " . or , if you want to automatically sync files via wifi from phone to your dropbox or ftp account you can use a super app called " realsync " . you can get this app here .
no . this completely disables all data access . only calls/messages can be used . edit : you might try looking into something called juicedefender . the free version will disable your data access when your screen turns off . good for both battery saving and data-usage saving !
it is entirely possible that there simply are no cards to display . if you do not have a wireless connection on , for instance , it can not fetch data to populate cards for viewing . available cards also depend on several other factors such as whether the gps is on , whether you allow google to track you/your data , and what country you live in ( most now cards are us-centric ; living in canada , the only ones that ever come up for me are weather and " time to travel " navigation cards )
press home button and then slide to the search icon . you should be able to see " show more cards " button . if not then slide down to the very bottom of the screen , you will see three dots in the bottom-right corner . click this , open settings dialog and then click on google now tab . you will have the option to turn it on then . if it is not appearing check also top right corner of the screen for a switch available .
it does not look like there is an alternative to sms activation just yet . here 's what they say on the prey blog ( emphasis mine ) : prey for android works the same way as it does in portables and desktops . the only difference is that there’s no standalone mode ( yet ) , and the activation is not done via the control panel , but by sending an sms to your phone with any message you want . as this is currently meant for phones , if you have no data plan on a device , it cannot recieve an sms and therefore cannot activate prey remotely . the good news is that it seems like standalone mode is being introduced in newer versions post v0.51 , and only on android 2.2 and above ( no issue in the case of you xoom )
from your description , it sounds like the game has two layouts and is switching between them based on the resolution of the screen ( number of pixels ) rather than the physical size of the screen . android allows you to use either or both of these to choose a screen layout ( amongst other things ) , but it is up to the app developer to get the criteria right and to test it on different devices . using resolution instead of screen size is a common problem with software ported from pc , because most pc software makes the same mistake . you can not work around this application error in stock android . it would be possible for a custom-rom to let you lie to the application about the resolution , but it would likely have undesirable side-effects ( possibly making the game unusable anyway ) . i do not know if any roms do have this feature ; trying one out requires replacing the operating system on your phone . changing the app to fix this problem would require reverse-engineering it . you had require some programming experience to do this successfully , and doing so may be illegal in your country .
the app imo has not been configured for high resolution screens and hence you see small buttons and are unable to play .
there is no way to see this fro the user 's end . generally read through the comments . people are very vocal about their opinion . and if it has truly been uninstalled that many times , beleive me , people will say why and you will get a good indication . and yes , a developer does get daily statistics on installs/uninstalls .
install clockworkmod recovery using any of the given methods here : install terminal emulator from the market . install root explorer from the market . download the recovery of your choice and copy the recovery . img to your sd card . ( if its not named recovery . img rename it ) with root explorer , navigate to where the recovery is and copy it to /system/bin/ ( remember to select mount as r/w first in order for it to copy . ) open terminal emulator and enter the command " su " ( without the quotes ) after that enter the command " flash_image recovery /system/bin/recovery . img " ( again without the quotes ) that is it , the recovery has been flashed . reboot in recovery to confirm . once you have confirmed the recovery flashed properly remember to delete the recovery . img from /system/bin/ ( using root explorer , and mount as r/w ) then follow the instructions of using clockworkmod given here
thanks samsung for fixing the issues and bugs in 4.2.2 they released a new update just a few days before and now it seems everything fine . no hanging after the latest stability update . battery backup is fine . charging time is reduced . good performance . the only problem is i can’t download facebook application because it gets stopped downloading after 60 or 70 % . but i can install the app using a backup . now i am enjoying the new jellybean 4.2.2 after a few days regretting about updating my device .
guys just try factory reset i was having the same problem but now its smooth as earlier . . . .
i am thinking a factory reset could do the trick for you . make sure do backup your things with something like titanium backup .
open gmail from a computer and go to the contacts page , it might be stored there
you could try remove your account at the accounts and synchronisation panel in the settings and add it again so it will sync your full account .
also check you have not deleted them fully from source . if you have then google instructions on restoring contacts . google backs them up on restore points and this can be done for up to a month after deleting
the original nexus 7 does support screen mirroring to chromecast . this feature was added in android 4.4 , so if you are still using an old android version on your nexus 7 , you will need to do a system update . from the settings app , go to display then cast screen . do not bother with the chromecast app at all . the option 's in a different place on the s3 , and it is designed primarily for samsung 's competitor to the chromecast , but i expect it would work with both . from the settings app , at the bottom of the connections page , click screen mirroring . the phone will start looking for devices it can cast to .
when locking a device using android device manager it replaces the previous " screen lock " with a password . once you have entered the password you can follow these steps to remove/replace the screen lock : go to settings > security > screen lock enter the password you entered via android device manager choose your new screen lock method ( pattern , slide , pin etc . ) steps performed on a nexus 5 , they might be slightly different on other devices
i had the same problem . i used friend-stream to get the notification from twitter and facebook . after i cleared the data of internet , peep did not work . but today , i deleted the peep account in friend stream , peep recovered . i hope this information may help you .
had the same problem . just solved it . delete the widget go to Settings &gt; Accounts &amp; sync delete the " twitter for htc sense " account add the widget breathe a sigh of relief
you could always clear the data for the app , if the app is simply kicking you out when you open it . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications . select your app , and click clear data . this will wipe all data from the app , as if you had uninstalled it and installed it fresh* . *to be technical , it is not the same as uninstalling and reinstalling because the dex files in the dalvik cache remain unchanged . installing a fresh copy would regenerate those files . but it really should not matter for non-developers .
have you tried this app here : contactsync i am using it to sync my vcards to my new galaxy and it worked fine .
if i remember correctly , android natively reads vcf files for import just put your .vcf file in any folder in the sdcard . then open your contacts app . look for the 3 grey dots on the upper right of the screen and press it . select import from the list . next , select import from external memory . wait for a while for it to finish . close the app after importing your contacts and open it again to refresh the data . you should start seeing all of your contacts after that . unfortunately vcf file can only contain information , no pictures , it is still stored on your nokia 's memory
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
let 's clear up some terminologies here : the phone acts is both a gateway ( translates between mobile network protocol and wifi protocol ) and a router ( routes packets to and from other devices and the external link ) . i assume that your phone 's ip address is 192.168.43.1 . the phone have an internet connection through mobile data connection and want to share this connection with other devices . the other devices ( e . g . laptop ) does not have direct internet connection , and is trying to tether through the gateway/phone . in your case , the other devices acquired the ip 192.168.43.26 through dhcp . are you using any encryption ? wep or wpa ? i suggests setting up an open network for troubleshooting , and only setup encryption after you are able to connect through unencrypted connection . check that the encryption setting and passphrase matches . what tethering method are you using ? are you using third party tethering , e.g. pdanet or android-wifi-tether ? or are you using the native tethering in android 2.2 and up ? what phone ? is it custom rom ? is it rooted ?
i believe what you are trying to do is impossible because of stackexchange-url
if you are on linux , check up the kernel routing table by typing route at terminal . if you do not have a default entry in the list it will not work . for example my kernel routing table reads : type in this command at terminal and see if it works : sudo route add default gw 192.168.43.1 wlan0 where wlan0 is your wireless interface . . . . also you could try rechecking the dns server on your machine and add the following lines to your etc/resolv . conf nameserver 8.8.8.8 nameserver 8.8.4.4 
i just usually long-press the item until i get the popup menu from the browser , press back to hide the menu and the hover is activated . not a foolproof method but works most of the time . this way i can be almost sure that the tap does not send a click event . tested on 3.2 , 4.0 , 4.0.2 vanilla browsers and chrome/chrome beta on ics .
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
on this page dedicated to hard reset of cell phones , you can find video tutorial , that will guide you through whole process step by step . the tutorial is safe and easy to understand .
a factory reset usually does not touch " external storage " ( may sound confusing , but that includes the " internal sdcard " as well ) – unless it explicitly specifies so ( some devices/roms have a corresponding checkbox in the system menu , usually settings → backup and reset , where this might be specified to be included ) . what a factory reset usually does is , basically , to wipe /cache ( where the application cache should be ) and /data ( where the userdata reside , including the apps the user installed ) . which means : nothing is wrong here , it is " working as designed " . if you want the sdcard to be wiped , you will have to do so yourself . you can e.g. use a file manager app , or connect your device to a computer . or simply use a terminal app ( or adb shell ) , and invoke rm -rf /storage/sdcard0/* to have all files removed from there . see also : factory-reset tag-wiki
there are plenty of solutions available on the google playstore -- just search it for " headset control . having a philips headset , i use their philips headset and am really satisfied with it : one tap = pause/play , two-tap = forward 1 track , 3 tap = backward 1 track . long-tap ( hold it ) = volume up , tap and then long-tap = volume down . . . most of these apps follow that scheme , many also allow to customize it . jays headset control should be a good option as well , but did not work to well with my philips headset ; so if one does not do as expected , do not give up but try another .
if you are using connectbot : according to an article at xda-developers , this is nothing but a cosmetical error : connectbot seems to set shell variable ' ps1' to "$ ( precmd ) $user@$hostname:${pwd:- ? } $ " . it means your shell ( the busybox 's ash applet ) will try to use output from ' precmd ' as a part of a command prompt . so when ' precmd ' was not provided , error messages will be generated wenever a prompt was to be shown . to fix this , mentioned post says you can use PS1="&gt; " ( or simply unset PS1 ) to work around that error .
try this :- adb remount adb push busybox /system/xbin enter adb shell and issue below commands cd /system/xbin chmod 777 busybox busybox --install -s /system/xbin
did not find a reason for the error , but ended up doing a factory reset and since then everything has been fine . i had to reinstall my apps , but my google data came back .
update : it is probably a " hot fix " of application developers , which they have spotted few moments after the update release . as solution it is easier to release an immediate second update with the same version number ( ver . numbering is solely on app developer ) . so it ends up twice ( or even several times ) after the first update . also , imho , the same version number ensures that users , who did not updated with the first " buggy " wave , will receive the last " hot fixed " update of that number . this was confirmed in some case here . original post : maybe this issue is connected with multiple google accounts ? it could be intersting to check next time this happens if both update proposals are for the same account . second thought : did the update go well in the first attempt ?
android 4 . x supports contact groups . this is the only way i have found till now .
not sure about the root process for garminfone , but if you have access to your bootloader ( usually termal like with a list of options ) just put a 1.6 stock rom on your sd card and flash it . i tried googleing " stock 1.6 garminfone rom " with no success , probably because of what gathrawn said , but someone over at xda-developers might have something if want to go check out there forums .
this is supposed to be an update for 1.6 , but i am not sure how you had load it . http://www.garminasus.com/en_us/support/software/006-b1130-00.update
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
answering the question of the title : " can using too much ram drain battery ? " ( not your " real " question , but possibly useful for others interested in the questions title . ) yes , when too much ram is used by apps or services trying to run at the same time , the system may need to kill some of them very frequently , even multiple times per second , and restart them soon as they are needed by something else . that is using lots of cpu cycles , and thus some battery capacity . note that is not a normal case , like " not killing some apps manually " , it is a " very broken " state - but i have seen it happen , seems to be related to many services interfering and competing for memory .
only if the freed space is overwritten with zeros . otherwise the bits in the memory weight the same as before .
there is a big difference between ios and android . ios freezes the apps , android does not . the logic he explains in that article cannot be applied to android , where some apps will drain your battery while in the background . if you care about this , use something like greenify instead of a task killer .
think of ram like a paper notebook . you can write data into the book ( with a pencil ) , and you can erase those data and replace them with new data , but the book 's always the same weight . the book does not get any heavier , whatever you write in it . the same way , with current ram technology , the battery use of the ram is fixed , regardless of what ( if anything ) is stored in it . from android 's point of view , it does not matter whether you leave an app with the home button or the back button . pressing the back button does not kill an app or remove it from ram . swiping an app out of the ' recent apps ' list does not kill the app or remove it from ram . the only difference it makes is changing what the app shows you next time you launch it : the screen you were on before , or the main/first screen of the app . imagine you have a notebook ( as before ) , and a big bookcase with lots of reference books . you can not carry the reference books around with you , so if you need to know about a subject , you have to copy the information out of a reference book into your little notebook . when you run out of space in the notebook , you use your eraser to wipe some information you do not need again , so you can copy more information into it . all this copying is tiresome . so once you have copied some information , you want to keep it in your notebook for as long as you think you might need it . you keep track of what information in the notebook you are using right now , and what information you use often , and what information you have not used for a while . when you want to make space , first you erase the information you have not used for a while . if you have not got any of that left , then you erase some information you use often but not right now . only if you are really desperate for space ( maybe there is one big subject that takes the whole notebook ) do you erase the information you are using today . this is exactly what android 's doing with your ram . the big bookcase with reference books is like your phone 's internal storage : you can not use it directly ( because the books are printed , not written with pencil ) , so it is expensive ( it takes time and energy ) to copy data into your notebook ( ram ) to work on . a task manager app is like a schoolteacher who thinks your notebook looks untidy with all those pages of notes you are not using any more . the schoolteacher comes along every so often and erases whole pages of notes . this is unnecessary , because it does not make the book any easier to carry around : the book weighs the same regardless . not only that , the schoolteacher does not know which information you use most often - he might have a vague idea , but he does not know as well as you do - so sometimes when he erases information , the cost is an extra trip to the bookshelf , which you would not have needed otherwise . thinking about it this way , it is easy to answer your question . using more ram does not use any more power directly . a task manager app can make you use more power , because you are having to copy things from internal storage to ram that you would not have had to otherwise . in the same way , a single ram-hungry app costs you twice : first you have to write all of that app 's information in the notebook , and then when you finish with it , there is a lot of information that you had to erase ( to make space ) , which you have to copy from the bookshelf again .
as the article explained to you , it does not matter how much stuff is loaded into the ram , so that is completely okay if you do not close the applications that are idle . but if the app constantly does some activity , like syncing some data , or downloading , or even recording sound , it would drain your battery , because it uses the cpu , which sucks the energy from your battery , in that case , closing the apps would be a good thing to consider . otherwise , if you are sure that the app will not perform constant activity in the background , then you should not worry about it being stored in the ram , it is just the same as storing your files in sdcard ( i mean sdcard does not use battery , right ? ) . so just relax : ) i guess temple run does not do any activity in the background , so do not worry to leave it in the ram . hope i explained to you . cheers !
i doubt that there is a direct correlation between battery consumption and ram usage . the hardware does not know which ram cells contain ' used ' data and which not . so there can be no difference in battery consumption on that level . but i think that one could say that unnecessarily killing apps causes a few extra cpu cycles when those apps have to be re-started and therefore " uses more battery " . and yes , you definitely should let go of your app-killing habit . in most cases , android is capable of managing the system 's resources quite well and you should not bother with manually killing apps . they definitely will not drain more battery if they just idle around and consume some ram . of course , if those apps are constantly using the cpu , they will drain battery ( but this is usually a sign of a bug within the app or a badly implemented app ) .
your phone is not using both wifi and 4g , but the 4g radio stays on and stays in sync with the tower ( if you move from a 4g to 3g area while still on wifi , you will see the icon change when it recognizes the tower swtich ) . on my droid bionic ( verizon ) , i have a tasker script that turns off mobile data when i am connected to work or home wifi networks ; my battery life is greatly extended with this setup , and the phone works as i expect ( i am told that mms messages require the mobile data connection , but i rarely receive them , so i can not say if that is true ; if so , it may be one reason the radio stays on by default ) .
the nexus 4 does not officialy support usb otg . it is possible with a custom kernel . but for this you need to unlock your bootloader .
nexus 4 does not officially support usb otg . but rooting and modding the software can do the trick . here 's a handy guide i found !
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
it is possible to retrieve your contacts as google may have backed it up . just add your google account to the phone and when sync is enabled the contacts will be back . but sms and call logs may not restored . also from now on use any app to backup contacts , sms , call logs etc . you can use super backup from play store .
although i know this is an old question , i have a better answer for whoever is later to find this on google . try using ink over apps , you can download it free from the google play store . i have it on my tf700 and it seems to work perfectly !
in my old school days , this were trivial because just right behind the projector screen are whiteboards which is sometimes used as a " screen " which can be drawn on with markers . as more modern alternative , there are also smartboards that provides a virtual whiteboard to draw on with digital annotations . and one of them can be controlled and viewed from an android tablet . if you only need video and slides , then you can run your presentation on the computer running smartboard software and connect to the computer with the android tablet controller . this does not actually allow you to draw over arbitrary apps though .
maybe you cant . but you can shake your phone to change tracks . try fusion . it has wave control too .
one suggestion is to install a vnc server on the pc you wish to interact with . you will then need to install a vnc client on the device you wish to use as the remote control . there are a few vnc clients listed on google play store apps . with that you can activate other apps such as the camera . while the camera is showing on the screen the view will stream to your remote device . this method would also give the ability to further interact with remote environment as well . my research has found this technique can work the other way around as well . +1 for @chris navas idea for skype as an option
use a chat program like skype and set it to auto answer when a particular account is the caller .
the difference is in the storage capacity , 32gb > 16gb , really , you will have heaps of space to hold photos , apps , music . . . : ) go for it if you can afford it : )
some site disassembling the galaxy s iii states a 16gb flash , seems to be the 16gb version . if that is true , i would imagine the 32gb version has a 32gb flash , that is an internal storage . the tech is MoviNAND that is just work like an mmc card , but it is mounted as the internal storage for samsung 's devices .
if you buy the galaxy s iii 32 gb you get 32 gb of internal memory , i realize that you are worried about getting perhaps 16 gb internal + 16 gb sd-card but that is absolutely not the case , and it would be pretty much false advertising and they would piss a lot of people off . i just looked up the specs and it is indeed 32 gb internal memory for the 32 gb variant . i do not know how specifically the partitions are set up since i have a galaxy nexus myself , but i would not be surprised if it is the exact same , where /sdcard is a separate partition but still on the internal memory physically . so , to answer your question : is the device storage an extension of the primary device memory , or is it treated as a separate memory area that can only be used for data storage no , the device storage is not an extension of the primary memory as far as i know , it is all internal flash memory albeit still partitioned to standard android partitions for obvious reasons , where /sdcard is one of those standard partitions even when no actual sdcard is present . so as far as i understand , you will have 32 gb of pure internal storage .
there have been reports of the sprint version being split into 12gb/12gb partitions . no news on vzw or tmobile but i would bet they are split as well . so regardless of what the other people on here have said it would appear that not all the 32gb is in one partition . see : http://www.androidcentral.com/sprint-galaxy-s-iii-review robert edit : because of this new news i will be sticking with a 16gb version since i already have a 64gb card ready to use . no point in dealing with multiple " sdcard " directories .
well the hardware needs to be properly aligned , so that where it senses your touch matches up with what you see yourself touching . there are also general algorithms the system applies to make decisions about where the center of your touch is , since your finger is not a perfect point , and so on . finally , and app needs to decide what to do with a touch . when an app uses simple widgets like buttons it is fairly simple to map the touch position to a widget . in the browser , however , it is much more difficult . determining the position of a control rendered dynamically via html ( and javascript etc . ) is a fairly complex task . you will find that most touch browsers , even on other platforms , have varying levels of difficulty with touch accuracy . so it depends on both hardware and software , but the variance you are seeing between apps is probably all due to the apps .
look for the file wpdmtp.inf on the internet ; this is a needed driver . after downloading it to your pc , put the file in the Windows/inf directory , overwriting any existing files . then , open the device manager on your pc . go to portable devices , and re-install the controller . look for the necessary driver in the correct folder . good luck . this works for me .
try use some third party applications instead of pc companion like : wondershare mobilego or myphoneexplorer . both of these are free . i recommend wondershare mobilego . it has a full functional free version and can automatically download and install the drivers .
disconnect from pc . go to settings/xperia/connectivity/usb connection . change from mtp to msc . reconnect , and it should work .
go to Settings &gt; Developer Options , tick off usb debugging , then it'll work ! it worked for me .
just came across a solution thought i should share it on microsoft 's support site . the pertinent section that worked , titled " method 3: disable and re-enable the usb controller " of the above page . ( for the benefit of others who do not wish to see the page , it is quoted here ) use device manager to disable and re-enable all the usb controllers . this lets the controllers recover the usb port from its unresponsive condition . the usb controllers represent the usb ports in device manager . if you are not comfortable with advanced troubleshooting , try the steps in the " workaround " section . to disable and re-enable the usb controllers , follow these steps : click start , and then click run . note if you are running windows vista , click start , and then use the start search box . type devmgmt . msc , and then click ok . device manager opens . expand universal serial bus controllers . note you might have to scroll down the list to find this item . right-click the first usb controller under universal serial bus controllers , and then click uninstall to remove it . repeat step 4 for each usb controller that is listed under universal serial bus controllers . restart the computer . after the computer starts , windows will automatically scan for hardware changes and reinstall all the usb controllers that you uninstalled . check the usb device to see whether it is working . if the usb port recognizes the device and if you can use the device , you are finished . but instead of removing it and restarting , instead , i just disabled it and re-enabled it ( please note this will fail if you use a usb keyboard ) .
i fixed it by creating the sd-ext partition as another primary partition . works fine now . i hope this helps somebody .
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
i can see this is an old thread , but there have been a few new phones announced recently with ant+ support . this list is updated regularly : http://www.thisisant.com/directory/filter/~/60/~/ and now includes the sony z1 and z ultra ( two new flagship phones ) and the samsung galaxy note 3 .
to add to the list , supposedly samsung is going to release a firmware to enable ant+ on their s4 and others http://www.dcrainmaker.com/2013/10/samsung-mobile-devices.html
as well as the phones with embeded ant support it is now possible to use ant via a usb ant stick . the phone needs to have working usb host mode support but that is true for most modern phones . i posted some details when the anouncement came out a few months back as a developer of some ant related apps .
in order to enable ant+ in android devices there are mainly two options . one is to have a smartphone with ant+ built-in , another is to add an ant usb stick and connect it to the smartphone using a usb otg ( onthego ) cable . however , also the android applications have to be written to support the external ant usb stick . at the moment , only applications that use the official ant alliance apis are able to communicate with the external accessory . this situation will probably change in the near future , but this is the state of the art , concerning ant+ and android . for more info , check this how to : http://www.selfloops.com/resources/tech-guides.html
add nexus 5 , nexus 10 , htc one and lg g2 . root is required though . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.z2software.antplus
ant+ is enabled by sw upgarde only in phones that contains ti 1271/1281 connectivty devices
you can also go to the official ant+ website at www.thisisant.com and then under the ' directory ' tab ( www.thisisant.com/directory ) select in the filter options the following checkbox : categories > mobile phones/devices
for the tour de france google created some custom firmware to run on htc legends so that they could track the riders in real-time . it seems those phones also have the ant+ capabilities . i believe that those chips are fairly common in many phones . the protocol is apparently similar to bluetooth so it is not much additional work for the chip manufacturers , like ti , to put it into their chips . i think the biggest obstacle is the drivers for the ant+ protocol do not come with the phone . that was the custom part of the firmware that google provided . check out this article here for more about the tour de france . have a look at this link as well .
get a prepaid and leave your phone with no credit most of the time ( if you hunt around , you might be able to find operators that will keep your number for a year after expiry ) . with no credit , you can still receive calls . carry a recharge card in your wallet ( or in a notes app in the phone ) just in case you really need to make an urgent phone call . if you are almost always in a wifi covered area ( in home and in school/work ) , then you can do all your messaging using google voice , im , voip , etc . you should not need to download apps over data connection , download them over wifi . check your weather before you leave , and if you want to use google maps , cache it in the phone before you leave a wifi-covered area ( alternatively , find a mapping software that uses offline maps ) . with this , your phone can live off electricity almost exclusively .
yes . i agree with everything that bryan has said but want to add . . . you can use an app like phone usage that helps you monitor your network traffic . the pro version ( $2.35 ) also allows you to set data limits that will send you a notification if you go over . so you could set it to 125 mb and you had know when you are getting close and you can throttle down your usage . verizon has a 30 day return policy ( although i think they are changing it to 15 days ) so you can monitor your traffic and if you find that you are using waaay too much you can always cancel and go back to what ever you had before . another useful app ( if you have rooted your device ) if droidwall which lets you set which apps can access your 3g connection . this would be useful if you identify that an app that requires background sync and uses a lot of data . it would also be good if you are getting close to you 150 mb limit and want to lock down your data usage . finally , many apps let you set a wifi only rule . for example beyondpod has a setting in the apps that says " only download podcasts when on wifi " but if you really want to take control of your phone you can download tasker and set an almost unlimited set of rules for how your phone operates .
using wifi == not using your data plan . so that will help reduce data usage from your provider . so long as you are not streaming ( music/video/youtube/etc ) or downloading large amounts of data ( podcasts , for example ) then you should be fine . or at least save those activities for when you are on wifi . downloading apps : each app can be anywhere from 100kb to 10mb+ in size . save these for your wifi unless it is an update you really need then and there . weather/maps : should not be too heavy of data . same with google voice .
ezpdf does bookmarking , multicolor highlighting , annotation list , etc . . . and it is saved to with the pdf when later open it in skim . idk what epub is , but it sounds similar to what ezpdf does
the kindle app allows you to highlight and make notes on both books from the amazon store , and other files like drm free . mobi and txt files , if you copy them into the kindle folder on the sd card . these notes will not sync to the web or to other devices , but are stored with that book on your phone , and you can search through the book for your notes and highlights and see them later .
fbreader or coolreader do read epubs , and you can select text/make bookmarks there .
repligo reader ( $5 ) allows you to copy text and to make annotations . also , if you convert them to epubs the nook app allows you to make notes . it may let you copy text on a non-drm'd book but i do not have any of those so i am not able to test it . ( just note that while the nook lets you read pdfs the nook app currently doesnt .
widgets/apps which might help ( also with other phones ) take a look at fast reboot . the app claims to work on non-rooted devices ( does not require root ! ) . trouble is , this does not perform a full reboot , but just " kills all processes " to simulate a fast boot ( i guess this includes the " system server " , so it comes very close to a reboot ) . another " app " you could give a try is simple reboot . it does not mention root anywhere in its description , but claims to be a shortcut to the boot option . not tested , but it might do for you . secret codes / service menus almost all real-boot solutions seem to require root , so it will be hard to find anything suitable . but : it could be that one of the built-in service menus offers an option to ( re ) boot the device . you can invoke them via your dialer program , entering a " magic number " . examples would include : *#*#197328640#*#* ( one of the service menus ) *#*#4636#*#* ( or *#*#INFO#*#* ) system information ( this one should work on all phones , and for sure gives you useful system information . i cannot remember if it had a reboot option as well -- but it cannot hurt to know this code ; ) *#7465625# ( miscellaneous service options related to the sim , afair , and coming from a samsung galaxy list ) heh ! look at this : #*2562# = restarts phone . ( source : galaxy s secret codes ) there you go ! last option should be the easiest one -- no additional tools needed . if it works . not having any samsung device , i cannot test . . .
if you can connect using adb ( usb debugging ) , you can simply use the command " reboot " . if you are rooted and have a terminal emulator installed , " su reboot " will do the same thing . the reboot command will also accept arguments of " recovery " or " bootloader " , which will reboot you into the recovery or bootloader respectively .
in short , yes . android apps are upward compatible as @ce4 said . but if you are going to build an app , its best to compile it on the latest version of android , ie jelly bean 4.2.1 . this question would have been better suited on stackoverflow .
@ ismail @ edelcom when we press single digit , it does show total count of result from phone book contacts . e.g. when i press 7 , it shows count "154" on right side of first contact ( alphabetically arranged ) . on clicking this count "154" i get list of 154 contacts that begins with p , q , r , s .
ok . just now i realized how it works . if i have a contact whose name is starting with QAP ( for example ; ) . otherwise i do not think in the world any name would start like this ) , then i should type 727 and it will bring that contact on top . basically it works as if t9 is activated for the keypad and that is why it does not show names starting from Q when i press 7 twice . i hope it helps others .
as far as i can tell , you can not : press the 7 , and it will show ( on my galaxy s ) the first phone number with a 7 , next to that field is a downwards arrow . pressing that arrow will display a popup selection , with at the top the same number already selected ( the first with a 7 ) , and underneath the first contact starting with a p - scrolling down shows all contact up to and including contacts with an s . but if you want a contact , why not use the contacts tab , you can search there and to the right of my screen is the complete alphabet . pressing one of these letters , will jump to the first contact name starting with that letter .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
there are two ways for something similar if all you want is black background and white text for absolutely all sites , go to about:config and disable use page colors . then set background and foreground colors to what you want . if you require a more complex stylesheet , install stylish add on , and either use your css locally or upload to the site the extension uses . case 1 will be crappy for forms . for some reason forms and the screens like add on screen or the annoying and useless mandatory home screen are not affected . forms are affected by option 2 , but add on and home screen , again , are not .
there is an app that fixes the subtitles , here . sadly , this is not built into android in any way , and i could not find any video player that has this feature built into it .
there are apps that disables the lock scren when you are connected to certain wifi or when your phone cell is connected to certain tower or as per your requirement , on gps . i believe , but not sure , tasker can do it with gps . but why not use the wifi address to disable unlock . i reckon it will be more useful than gps . look at http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/automatically-disable-android-lockscreen-when-connected-to-home-wifi/ for automatically disabling locks creen on wifi . also do not forget to check llama , awesome and free location based profile management . you can do tons of stuff based on what cell tower you are connected to .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
you can put a default notification in the web google calendar . ( settings -> calendars -> notifications ) . if you select " popup notification " , a notification ( with sound ) will be launch on your phone too . all events created in this calendar will have this default notification .
my native calendar app on my droid 1 running 2.2 has an option to set the default reminder time in the app settings . all my events have this reminder unless i specify otherwise . you can also set this on the web calendar .
i found an app : business calendar beta ( free ) that support default reminder .
i would trying force closing and clearing the data for the market in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and rebooting your phone .
